Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Okay, I'm going to be honest with listeners. I'm just going to lay it all out here on the
table on this 21st day of February 2013, Thursday edition. This radio broadcast is growing by
leaps and bounds. And we definitely more and more have the attention of the American people
to a great extent and the people of the world.
At least we have the attention of people that are trying to find out what's happening. And
it's just an incredible responsibility. And I have a wonderful team of reporters, researchers,
crew, you the listeners, the supporters, our friends in the media worldwide who love liberty
as well. But occasionally, I'll listen to a rebroadcast of a show or part of it.
And sometimes I'm really spot on, other times it is a bunch of gibbering. Because it is
real and it's teleprompter free and there's no producer telling me what to do. I'm in
charge. But as I've said to the globalist many times, they're in charge of the world.
They're not in charge of themselves. And it's the same thing. I'm in charge, but I'm not
really in charge of myself when it comes to this radio broadcast.
And I think back to shows I did 10 years ago even. And I've gone back and listened to some
of those where I was even more focused and would go through more news and get to more
calls. And in ways the broadcast has gotten more informative and I've gotten more informed
when it comes to how the world works as we all do.
A wise man knows how little he knows. The fool thinks he knows everything. But I don't
wanna say this broadcast is in a rut because we've added a lot of new things to it. It's
gotten better. We've got the reporters, more and more special news pieces. It's just that
at the level this broadcast has already made it, I am going to attempt to really shake
the show up.
And a lot of that means do I screen the phone calls as well? Because sometimes open the
phones up on a specific topic, best calls in the world. But if I just open it up to
general stuff, it's guys calling in who are on their day off who are already into a half
bottle of whiskey, which is fine. It's just that I'm not sitting around with the local
VFW shooting the breeze, having a few suds. So there's that issue.
There's the issue of the frustration of every day I come in here and I've scanned over before
I got here and then when I get here, sometimes 200 articles, usually about 100. I've got
all these video clips, all these reports, all this incredible information, all these
insights to try to transmit to you.
But I get so excited and go into a rant mode. And the first hour is generally the best hour
for my content. And then we usually have guests on because I know that I tend to degenerate
by the second and third hour. And it's on the days where I don't have guests, where
I decide to not have guests, that that becomes evident.
And I'm probably over analyzing this. It's just that these are extraordinary times we're
in, very extraordinary times. And so I must, absolutely must, get myself to the point of
where I'm in control. Because I'll say I'm gonna go to your calls, I don't go to them.
Or when I do, I'll let a caller go too long.
Or I say I'm gonna cover something in the next hour, I start covering it right then,
and then never fully cover it. And it's just I'm gonna tell you, you've got this commitment
from Alex Jones. Because we're getting on more and more stations, because more and more
mfullwars.com is a household name.
Because of the responsibility we've got, cuz nobody's telling me up my game. I'm saying
it. I'm saying it. A lot of times I'm a travesty. And people come up and thank me and say how
great I am. And it's like punching me in the stomach, because I just wanna beat the tyrants.
And then I know how horrible I am. And these people are counting on me. I don't know how
to explain it.
One of my good friends had a heart attack a few weeks ago. And he was telling me that
he got mad. He felt like he let his family down. 60 something years old, having a heart
attack. And somebody that doesn't know what it is to be a man, they don't understand that.
A man with children, a man with responsibilities. It's like people are saying, you're so great.
And it makes you go, man, I gotta do even better. You see what I'm saying? It's like,
that's why it's painful when you tell me how great I am. Because I know the potential is
like 500 times better. We'll be right back with incredibly important news. Stay with
us.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system,
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping
or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new
do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power. So even if the grid
goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed. Getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is also ridiculously
easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes. So there's no need to let a stranger into
your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever
you go. You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
Your freedoms are on the line. The Second Amendment is in danger. How soon before your
freedoms are taken away? What can you not live without? What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns? Is it your home? No, it's food. It all boils down to the food supply.
Tyrannical governments control people by controlling their food supply. Don't be dependent. Be
self-sufficient. Don't wait for the government to feed you. Feed yourself. I can warn you,
but I can't feed you. Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from eFoods Direct.
It's the best long-term, storable food on the planet. Get the popular Mega Patriot Pack
free. A 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot and fuel. Call 800-409-5633 or go
to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot Packs free with purchase.
Build your food supply, be in control, be self-sufficient and be a patriot. Call 800-409-5633
or eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get your free Patriot Pack today.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing
a full selection of silver-based products. Our most popular silver-based products are
the 32-ounce nano-silver solutions, our 2-ounce nano-silver nasal applicators, as well as
our all-natural silver soaps. Just released is our 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver
gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and leave the silver
at the surface. But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin-nourishing
chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin, while delivering the
silver more effectively. Visit www.SilverLungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver-based
products are best for you. That's www.SilverLungs.com.
In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwanted influence,
whether sought or unsought, by the Military Industrial Conference.
In Dallas, Texas, three shots were fired at President Kennedy's motorcade in downtown
Dallas. The first reports say that President Kennedy has been seriously wounded by this
shooting.
It is a big idea, a new world order.
It was almost as if we were a planned employer. It just pancakes.
Either you were with us, or you were with the terrorists.
But I also believe that a lot of gun owners would agree that AK-47s belong in the hands
of soldiers, not in the hands of criminals.
Guns will be taken. No one will ever be armed. We're going to take all guns.
For many of the police and guard troops, it is an uncomfortable job to do this in an American
city.
Is global governance at last? Is it one world the central bank is in charge? But aren't
we all just living and dying for what the central banks do?
And for me, give me liberty or give me death!
Live from the Infowars.com studios, it's Alex Jones.
I don't know how anyone out there could say that they're bored. A great animating contest
between the forces of total despotism and a scientific worldwide technocratic tyranny
are attempting to eradicate what we know of as the normal operating system of the human
species.
And evolve us, I put that in quotes, devolve us, into their technotronic man-machine interface
age, of which only a select few will enter in the future.
And I have some articles on the technological front that integrate in and illustrate, or
illustrate, of what I want to cover on that subject, and I'll do that later in the second
hour today. I will get to it.
We're also going to look at the destabilized Middle East program. Why are the globalists
putting radicals in charge everywhere? How does it tie into the larger geopolitical systems?
We're also going to look at John Kerry, the Secretary of State, the globalists, the Skull
Bones member, running around pushing climate change and carbon taxes is the most important
thing America faces, his first speech as Secretary of State.
The national and local media in Wisconsin has gone into conniption-fit overdrive over
the sheriff, Clark, in Milwaukee County, and what he said on this show. And before I even
saw this article this morning, I intended to come on air and call yet again. But here
we are a few months later with an update for a second American Revolution, but a peaceful
revolution ahead of them starting a violent one.
And the sheriff agreed. He said, it'll be up to the American people when this is going
to start. The American people will decide when to push back, not me. And they're scared
of Clark because I read his resume, the guy's like a super cop, before he became sheriff
of that county.
And they're afraid of the now 400, it's now over 400, it was 350 just four or five days
ago, sheriff saying they're gonna fight the New World Order. And look, the intel's out,
okay? It's not like it's our opinion we're going into a tyranny, as Sheriff Clark has
said. I mean, they're really afraid of focused, handsome, smart with great record police officers,
sheriffs, but anybody else that can be a leader.
And they really hate this guy cuz he's black. And I saw something special in him in the
TV interviews I saw, that's why we got him on. They're really scared of people like this.
You know why? Cuz conservatives and libertarians would follow somebody like Clark in a minute,
and they want division, they don't want unity.
They don't want us having unity under liberty, under private property, under due process,
under the family, under law and order enshrined in the Second Amendment, what made this country
so powerful. Cuz this country's got a lot of evil in its history. But compared to other
nations, which they never teach you about, we have been the best.
The best in science, the best in sports, the best in research, the best in development,
the best in courage, the best in war. Because we had the best shot at freedom, a head start
on everybody else. That's why they don't teach you the founders tried to get rid of slavery,
but the British government threatened to reinvade if they did.
They don't tell you slavery was going on every other place in the world at that time. They
only tell you America, because they want to demonize the republic and the idea in it.
Because it's anathema to monopolies, it's anathema to cartels. It's anathema to royalty
and insiders. What is royalty? It is generational mafia, it is generational strongmen, it is
North Korea. I predict within another generation will be wearing gold crowns.
In fact, they already have him wearing royal hats and saying that the sun comes out because
of Kim Jong Il's grandfather or Kim Jong Il's father and Kim Jong Un and all the rest of
it. That's what we're fighting is the stagnation of elites that don't wanna compete and who
wanna dominate everybody. Now here's the deal. I've meant to do this the last few months
and so many times I don't get into the really weighty issues because I think at a subconscious
level I feel like, as I know many of you feel, that I'm not worthy to be trying to launch
something this big.
Well, none of us are worthy. All of us have fallen short, but it doesn't matter. The fact
is we have a duty. And so I have procrastinated and written up notes many times. I don't know,
three months ago I called for a second American Revolution, a peaceful restoration, a plan.
I had many constitutional top lawyers on. They concur with my analysis and said it's
actually found in the Declaration of Independence, Constitution, Bill of Rights, Federalist Papers,
Anti-Federalist Papers, and gave different pathways for the basic plan I developed that
was just based on a re-upload of the Bill of Rights and Constitution via the Declaration
of Independence.
So it's not really my plan. I simply stated that a revolution, a restoration of the Republic,
when you hear about it is our right, our duty to throw off oppressive governments and to
make new ones for the protection of the people's rights and liberties. To paraphrase the Declaration
of Independence, that is the total plan there stating the inherent right is in all of us.
We the people are the boss. We are the sovereigns. And so the media has always sold a Declaration
of Independence as a bad thing because it's saying the government can be abolished. And
then they sold that like it will abolish the Republic, it will abolish America, it will
abolish DC, the federal government.
DC and the federal government has been overrun and captured and the Republic has been abolished
and even the American empire is to be phased out and abolished and transferred into NATO
and the communist Chinese as the two main seats of power where the United States is
a Hessian mercenary military supply system. And even that's only a ten year program because
after that it goes total robot.
I mean, this is the real world we're talking about. This is humans being phased out. This
is humans not needed and you can point at the slob like public, point ourselves, I'll
point it myself. A shadow compared to my forebears, undoubtedly, because adversity makes men,
prosperity makes monsters.
But as bent as I am, I'm not half as bent as the general public and I don't take pleasure
out of their societal deformities. I feel great pain in it because my children and my
progeny and my bloodlines flow out into the future. And I stand between the past and the
future, learning from both, wishing to go forward with good cheer and good heart and
goodwill.
Goodwill, I have goodwill. I want to build up. I don't wanna be cynical. I don't wanna
cheat people and get ahead and laugh at them. I want to build them up. But the dangerous
horde screaming for blood is being taught by the technocrats that they will tear apart
those of us that produce and feed on us in a predatory implosion syndrome that I liken
to a cannibalistic, neo-feudalistic, controlled road warrior collapse, which they call Agenda
21 in the post-industrial system.
I mean, this is an epic time to be alive, an epic plan we face. Epic, eugenicist-based
technocrat globalist who you gotta hand it to them, have had a long-term nightmare plan
and have really carried a lot of it out. They're about 10 years behind. I mean, it's epic.
And a lot of technocrats will say, well, Alex, they're in control. We're in control. Speaking
of themselves, we're going to win.
And you should just try to join us. Isn't the fact that we're in control the evidence
that we should be in charge? And I sat there and watched a lot of my family die of cancer.
And I've watched friends die of cancer. I've watched people take their last breaths. Even
though it was painful, it was important moments to experience that death, not to hide away
from it, to see it, to know how transient we are.
Out, out, brief candle to quote Shakespeare. And I have sat there and watched people battle
cancer. And I've said this before, I'll say it again. If cancer had a consciousness, it
would think it was winning. No, you are not winning and you do not have a right to be
doing what you're doing.
Because your eugenics would be bad enough if you were killing the infirm and the stupid.
But you are targeting the beautiful and the intelligent and the enlightened because you're
threatened by it. And that is just beyond, beyond evil. You people are cancer.
Now I want to just take calls. I'm not going to go to news in the next 40 minutes. I'm
going to take your calls, first time callers, on how do you think we fix America and the
world? What do you think the big false flag is going to be?
What do you think of millions, $2 million worth of targets, some of them are as low
as $5 apiece. I don't know how many targets that is, of children to be shot, old women,
old men, all of them the new white al-Qaeda, the new shift to that. What do you think about
that report? First time callers, have your point ready. I will take a bunch of your calls.
I'm in disciplined focus mode, 800-259-9231, 800-259-9231. And then I'll take your calls
and I'll start my engines on the news and a new refocus on the Second American Revolution
and how it ties into headlines and how to wrest control of humanity from the jaws of
the psychopathic technocrat guild. I'm Alex Jones, your host and fullwars.com and prison
planet.com are the websites. Stay with us.
I'm Alex Jones, your host and fullwars.com and prison planet.
Time and time again. You need to come here and help us. We need assistance, please. Those
we should be able to depend on, let us down. Federal and state and local officials saying
help is on the way while the folks here in Bell Harbor say show me. Don't depend on the
government to save you. Take action now so that you're prepared for the next disaster
with mypatriotsupply.com. Get the best prices on storable food, non-GMO seeds, water filtration
devices, home canning equipment, survival and self-reliance books and more at mypatriotsupply.com.
Call 866-229-0927. We are hurting down here and we need help immediately. Before it's
time to survive, it's time to prepare. Mypatriotsupply.com. Mypatriotsupply.com.
Keep your body clean with micro plant powder. Visit us at hempusa.org or call 908-691-2608
today.
Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered why banks, stock workers, investment advisors
won't talk about gold IRAs? They've been available since 1986, yet the financial industry
won't recognize the value of gold for your retirement. Gold is outperformed paper investments,
yet no word about IRAs. If you would like to have gold for your retirement, call 800-686-2237.
Don't get left behind by rising inflation and low returns, call 800-686-2237. Secure
your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
Fall in love with food storage savings this February at BePrepared.com. Going on now,
BePrepared.com saves you over $300 with a premium 1,600 one-year supply, including 126
cans of freeze-dried and dehydrated food. Or get the new gourmet 14-day food supply
with a full 2,000 calories per day with pre-planned menu. Stroganoff and noodles are 20% off with
purchase of six or more. Mountain House pork chops are back in stock at 34% off.
Pack your own low-moisture foods with our new do-it-yourself super pale combo on sale
at 22% off. Add to your preparedness with minor surgery kits at 15% off. And wool-blended
blankets are only $11.89. The February fall in love with savings sale ends February 28th
at BePrepared.com. For contents and details, visit BePrepared.com or call 800-999-1863.
The choice is clear. Be unprepared or BePrepared.com.
By the way, Mortal Technique's in town right now. I think he's going to come over and do
the nightly news with me tonight. So that should be an interesting interview tonight,
7 o'clock central. Basically, we've announced the giant online film festival that's Operation
Paul Revere, a new video out on that subject. We're going to be playing a clip of that.
Stocks plunge as Fed members admit endless bond buying will not fix the economy. That's
just some of the news we're going to focus on in that area. But as I said, how do we
defeat the globalists? We're going to be discussing that when I start the next hour and then go
back into your calls. Right now, let's go to your phone calls that I was just speaking
of. John in Maryland, you're on the air. Go ahead.
Hello there, Alex. I heard you kind of criticizing yourself. I often listen to the show and I
hear the neocons from time to time as well. And your worst show usually dwarfs their best
show.
Oh, I know that. I'm just simply saying I want to refocus on real solutions. And that's
exposing the crimes of the globalists and then talking about ways to defeat them. So
I don't really want to get off into. I mean, I've already made my statements on how I'm
going to try to focus the show. Go ahead and make a point. Thank you.
Also, I wanted to mention the modified atmosphere several months ago. I obtained and I want
to encourage others to do it if they've already done it. Great. And others should need to
do this as well. Get a hold of a microscope. Get some rain samples. Look at your rain under
a microscope. Look at what is falling on you. It's mind boggling. I have water samples still
that I have kept for several months in my refrigerator. And it's amazing what happens
over the long term. The little glass containers I have the water in when I first collected
it with the cap on it. If you shook it off, it looked like Santa Claus should be standing
in there. And now over the course of several months, all of those disgusting fibers and
God knows what that's in there has all clumped together. And you should shoot a YouTube video
of that to show it, but that's really unscientific and I'm not poo pooing the fact that you're
doing that.
That's a good way to start out observing things and I appreciate your call. Here's my issue
with weather modification. Let's not exaggerate. There are 20,000 different papers. That's
a conservative number. You can go look at it on Google. Universities, Department of
Energy, other governments, UN treaties on weather modification, they call it all testing.
And it's going on everywhere. Al Gore talked about it on Ellen last week, admitted it was
going on and said he thought it was a crazy idea, which is ridiculous, and then said isn't
the weather scary?
And there's undoubtedly I've interviewed, let's not exaggerate, five, six meteorologists,
some of them that actually work at TV stations saying clearly you can see the jets come in,
the military aircraft block fronts, make fronts worse. It was in the San Antonio Express News
like 15 years ago there was a big flood and it killed 34 people, I think, in one night
in South Texas.
And they said the Navy says their weather mod's spraying. Was it involved in this? Just
a footnote in there. So my frustration is I've done special reports. I've had guests
on. I've promoted two films we sell, What in the World Are They Spraying and Why Are
They Spraying, that are available at Infowarsstore.com, where it goes through, I mean, I've sent my
crew two weather mod conferences.
And it's not just little companies doing it, making the ski slopes have snow. It's not
just things like that. It's big, giant government and corporate operations. Bill Gates spends
billions a year with a B, manipulating hurricanes, manipulating snow storms. And then we say,
hey, the Russians say they control the weather.
The Chinese are doing it. They're doing it in Dubai. Hey, our government pioneered this
and I've interviewed the father of weather weapons. I think he's still alive. He's like
95 years old, Ben Livingston. He first flew into hurricanes and typhoons and things. He
could take a cloudless sky and flood the Ho Chi Minh Trail with 10 feet of water.
That interview is up at prisonplanet.tv. The father of weather weapons, Ben Livingston.
And no one ever wants to talk about that or the aerosol spraying program or the Department
of Energy programs or all the admissions. It's all admitted that the government has
declassified thousands of lethal chemical, biological, radiological releases on the public.
And then every time I get called or something on the street, they're like, did you see the
chemtrails? Will you talk more about them? Hey, I think they're doing this. What do you
think they're doing?
I know exactly what they're doing. I have the patents where they add the barium salts,
aluminum dioxide to the three major jet fuel manufacturers, part of a national security
compartmentalization. It's been sprayed out even from those jets. They have specialized
jets. It's all a public program. It's like, can we prove there's a new world order? It's
all hiding in plain view. I mean, it's going on. More calls coming up.
We're on the march. The Empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new Aquamedics advanced media for removal of fluoride
and other heavy metals, all in one filter element. It is the only one that does it.
And out of the gates, we have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine. Hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at mfallwarstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus can inflict severe
damage in the human body. Fortunately, a new and vastly improved silver solution has been
developed. Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary broad spectrum antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal
solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin. Supernatural Silver
is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers using a patented technology that is
highly effective against colds, flus, infections, food poisoning and yeast in addition to many
other pathogens. Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe and is the number
one choice of thousands of people for immune system support. Find out how Supernatural
Silver could change your life. Go to supernaturalsilver.com and use the promo code healthy for 20% off.
That's supernaturalsilver.com and like us on Facebook.
Your freedoms are on the line. The Second Amendment is in danger. How soon before your
freedoms are taken away? What can you not live without? What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns? Is it your home? No, it's food. It all boils down to the food supply.
Most radical governments control people by controlling their food supply. Don't be dependent.
Be self-sufficient. Don't wait for the government to feed you. Feed yourself. I can warn you
but I can't feed you. Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from e Foods Direct.
It's the best long-term storable food on the planet. Get the popular Mega Patriot Pack
free. A 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot and fuel. Call 800-409-5633 or go
to efoodsdirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot Packs free with purchase.
Build your food supply. Be in control. Be self-sufficient and be a patriot. Call 800-409-5633
or efoodsdirect.com slash Alex and get your free Patriot Pack today.
Live from Austin, Texas. Broadcasting worldwide. It's Alex Jones.
Yeah, that's what the police said they were going to do. We're going to burn that house
down. Burn that effing house down. Burn him up. Bring in the fire. Burn him up. Okay,
the burners are placed. They're on fire. We have fire. Mission completed. The house is
burned down. They're like, we didn't burn him down. That's a conspiracy theory. And
CNN, as I predicted, said Alex Jones and his conspiracy theory that the police burned that
down.
Alex Jones is helping Dorner. Remember that clip from a few days ago? This shows that
reality and common sense is what the system is at war with because common sense says we
have a big fat criminal government and an establishment that's grown up around it that
is feeding on us and it needs to stop. Now, now finishing up on the weather modification
point that the last caller brought up, which is a very good point, that yes, there is all
sorts of normal bacteria, spiderwebs, debris in the atmosphere.
There's also the jet stream that goes over India and China that dumps over the Midwest
filled with toxic waste. They're always going, we found more toxic waste in the air, more
taxes locally, more catalytic converters on your tractor. Nothing's coming out of the
tractor but water vapor and carbon dioxide and some carbon monoxide, but they'll still
tax you because China has everything burning dirty.
The river's catching on fire, dirtier environment than anywhere on Earth's ever had, but there's
no discussion of that at all. We're gonna shut your power plants down that are clean
and let China have whatever they want because there's pollutants in the air, but never discussion
of where they came from.
But on the issue of the weather modification, it's one of the biggest issues and we've done
special reports on it. We'll do more special reports on it, but look up UN trees on weather
modification 1978. Look up the other treaties, it's all going on and they're using bad weather.
There is some unusual weather going on to devastate certain areas of the world, weather
as a weapon.
The Secretary of Defense William Cohen talked about in the April issue of Army Times, April
18th issue of Army Times, where he gave a press conference and talked about weather
weapons. So yes, weather weapons are real and undoubtedly there's weather mod going
on, on a giant scale.
Yeah, there's the UN weapons tree. Let's scroll down and see if my memory was right about
78. Well, that's one on 1972, they must have updated it in 77 and then in 78, yeah. So
I guess the latest version was 1978, started in 72. I mean, the point is, see, they know
the public so ignorant, they're like, I heard there's a UN, never saw it, but heard it's
there.
I heard there's FEMA camps, I heard the military is trying to take our guns. Well, go watch
my films, I mean, you'll see them trying to take your guns. You can read it in the newspaper
if you want. I heard there's a plan to forcibly inoculate us. It's the Model States Health
Emergency Powers Act, yes, I just gave you the name of it. I heard there's a plan to
have the Army have forced labor, civilian inmate labor camp program.
I mean, you type that into army.mil, you're gonna get all the maps, the documents, the
names, everything. See, it's all going on, reality is going on, and then you've got what
the TV heads are getting. I was talking to Weldon Henson last night, we went shooting
yesterday evening with some of my other friends, the Steiners.
And he was talking about, I don't watch a lot of TV, I'm gonna go to your calls here
in a moment, but I like Hawaii Five-O, the new one. But he goes, I gotta quit watching
it. I'll get home tired on Monday nights, and he also plays country music four nights
a week live, pretty popular band.
And Weldon Henson, man, and he said, I'll get home with my wife and I'll try to watch
that and just forget about stuff. But it's the new generation, it's got Danno's son and
McGarrett's son. And he said basically every episode lined up with Dorner exactly. While
that was happening, that episode aired, where a Vietnam vet is shooting police officers
sniper style.
And the veterans and gun owners are bad, and Danno and McGarrett are like, we've gotta
get rid of the Second Amendment. I'm sure a lot of you saw the episode, it's a popular
show. We've gotta get rid of the Second Amendment, and there is no right to own guns, guns are
the problem. And McGarrett and Danno win the argument, and at the end, it's time to turn
all the guns in, the veterans are the terrorists.
And of course, Weldon's an Air Force veteran, was a bomb loader and worked on diagnostics
and stuff. But the point is, believe me, that's a veteran, that's a dangerous job. So all
of this type of stuff goes on, and you get turned on television here, you're the terrorist.
And again, it hasn't happened yet, they've got actuaries where they know vets aren't
gonna give your pension funds up or your guns, and they're gonna have a war with you.
And so the targets are of veterans, and the manuals are of veterans, and the TV shows
are of veterans. Cuz it's not just the four shows, Weldon said you better watch some other
TV show. It's not just founding fathers, and I hate Paul Revere and all this stuff. It's
every show, every show my wife watches.
People that don't take vaccines are child molesters, people that don't take vaccines
are child murderers, people that are concerned about the government are terrorists. And the
general public who doesn't know their head from a hole in the ground, can't find their
butt with both hands. They're all being taught that those of us that are aware of this are
the terrorists.
They're gonna sic the general public on us when the depression really gets bad, and say,
take everything they got and we'll turn the money back on. Pass Obamacare, we'll turn
the money back on. They're like, I'm going bankrupt, it costs twice as much, everything's
shutting down. More socialism will fix it, all right, things are even worse, communism
will fix it.
Okay, things are even worse, go to this forced labor camp, we'll feed you there, all right?
You'll be a jail guard and help kill your neighbors, you'll get food, all right? This
is how the authoritarians do it. And if you don't wake up to the mind control, it's over.
Now, I said I'd take a bunch of calls, I'm gonna move quickly. I cannot let the callers
distract me, even though they're great points to go off in dissertations. Let's go to Chad
in South Carolina, you're on the air, Chad.
Hey, Alex, it's funny you were just mentioning those shows because you asked what the next
false flag would be, and I think it's gonna be power out, lights out. One reason I think
that is the new NBC series, it's not new, but the revolution, or revolution. The lights
go out and the economy collapses.
No, no, no, every show, every movie is the race memory for humans to expect, cuz humans
are adaptive, the globalists say this. They're gonna teach us that mass death, mass collapse
is coming. So as they engineer the slow collapse of Gena 21, we will expect it, yes.
So the revolution, the American flag is the rebel flag, guns have been banned, and it's
just they're putting this stuff out there, and we're gonna get desensitized to it, like
you said.
No, it's total psych warfare on record. I read articles two weeks ago where the head
UN official at what, it was Stanford, gave a speech and admitted, we've used the cinema,
the dramas, and the sitcoms to get rid of the family, now we're gonna drop the hammer.
It's an hour, ten minute video admitting it. Do you understand, if you're a new listener,
it's not a liberal bias, it's an authoritarian takeover bias. Go ahead, I'm sorry.
So Fox News a couple days ago runs a show about China hacking the Intel network or Intel
and it runs the power grid. So they're saying, can you imagine what seven days on the East
Coast, and they said East Coast, would be without power? And that's the thing, it's
like East Coast versus West Coast or Southeast versus the rest of the, we have Texas.
And by the way, the globalist, again, set up China, set up the communist on record,
it's declassified, publicly hiding in plain view. The elite are working China against
America, but America against China, they wanna kill the Chinese people, they wanna get rid
of us as well.
It's that global elite allied with China, it's the globalist allied with China against
Russia, Russia's corrupt as well. China is allied though, and I agree with Joel Skalzen,
they plan on flipping that alliance at some point. But remember, the globalist or eugenicist,
they're playing everyone off against each other.
And yes, they're getting us ready for a false flag to blame the patriots, hackers or China
for power outages, when everyone knows the real power grid is not hooked up to the Internet.
Stuxnet with the Iranians had to be injected directly into the industrial energy transference
grid centers, the load balancing centers.
It sounds exactly like a false flag if they're saying China can hack in and they can't even
attack a grid.
And it's total horse crap. And in fact, I think that was staged with a zombie hack up
in Montana or Wyoming where they hack into the TV station and go zombies are taking over,
the undead are rising from their graves.
And that was hacking just the local computer for the federal EAS takeover system.
But as soon as the grid fails, you know the first thing is gonna be everybody turning
your guns, just like Katrina, just like any event, you know?
No, that's it, they've set the default. Listen, 14 years ago, when I went to my first big
urban warfare, it's 15 years ago, and I witnessed Marines trying to take our guns and training
for America.
And then I turned on CNN that night who'd been there, troops are training for Macedonian
conflict to help with UN peacekeepers in Oakland today. And I had all the footage and the public
was so weak minded, when I put that film out, they said that's gotta be fake.
Even though it was real Marines, thousands of them, foreign troops, hovercraft, the Coronado,
amphibious attack ship, helicopters. You understand mainline conservatives said that can't be real,
this guy had $20 million.
It all ties together, the bullets, the paper, cut out targets, all of it, it's all coming
together. And it's happening a lot faster under Obama, like you said, if it's slowed
down under Romney, and it's just in a hyperdrive under Obama. So I appreciate you taking my
call there, Mr. James.
God bless you, sir, I appreciate your call. And look, I'd be honest, I'll be honest, and
I've said this 1,000 times, I'll say it for the thousands at first. If this was a boss
hog tyranny, where it was some arrogant boss hog corrupt system and it wanted to own stuff
and run things.
But the old arrogant type of, I want the country rich and big businesses and big cars and girls
in bikinis. I mean, that's kind of the tyranny in the 40s and 50s before the globalists totally
took over completely, the technocrats was John Wayne and we're taking over. But that
was still a boss hog corruption. I would be saying it was bad and I'd be against it, but
I wouldn't be so desperate, like a cat in a box has been thrown in the river trying
to scrabble out of it somehow, before I drowned.
These globalists are scientists, and they're all into studying. That's why all the internet
grid, the surveillance grids, the tracking, it's all about predicting the future. It's
all about the elite becoming God. It's all about the elite living forever. Zuckerberg
and Brin joined forces to extend life, France 24, announcing new $3 million initiative every
year for whoever comes up with life extension technologies.
They find these things all the time, you hear about cures for this, cures for that, and
they shelve them for the elite. They eat organic, they take clean vaccines, they get purified
water, their food's grown in greenhouses, while they kill you. See, the good news is
every weapon they release on us, they have to have a cure for.
And it's easy to make a weapon, it's hard to have a cure. So see, they're also scared
that they might release something on us that'll mutate and get them, that's why they've got
the bunkers. But all of this is a Moonraker scenario, but if they're not gonna go to space,
they're gonna go underground.
That's why Ian Fleming, the big MI6 OSS guy, wrote Moonraker. We guys look up when Ian
Fleming had a different name, I think he wrote Moonraker in the 50s, where the elite industrialist
release a bio weapon to kill everybody on Earth. But the bio weapon shuts down in one
year, so they go off world for one year to kill everybody to create the utopia, that's
the plan.
See, that isn't a movie, folks, that's their real plan. Just wanna give you a little news
flash there. How's your SWAT team uniform matter to you now? And a lot of cops are laughing
right now, your child, a lot of you listen, will be diagnosed with cancer. You might wanna
go check the cancer numbers after that happens, you're not gonna listen now.
Moonraker, 1955, April 5th, Ian Fleming. It's a third novel by British author Ian Fleming,
featuring a fictional British Secret Service agent, Commander James Bond. Folks, you better
learn about the truth, okay? Not knowing the truth will kill you. We got a chance to beat
this, but the enemy has going for him the fact that this is so over the top.
It's so over the top that most people just can't get their minds around it. The truth
is stranger than fiction. Michael in New York, people come together is what you wanna talk
about, go ahead. Or Michelle.
Hi, Alex, nice to talk to you. I've been following you for years. I think something really important
for everyone to look at, it's a very simple thing. They've been using psychology, these
psychopaths against us for years, starting back way before Willie Lynch. And that's why
they have us all running now. We don't communicate with one another. And you're Republicans,
well, I'm not gonna talk to you, but you know what? We all share the same oppressors. And
people may think they have the right answer, and it's hard to tell them you're wrong. But
if you tell them, I share the same oppressor as you, and I may not agree with you, but
let's talk. We need to break bread, we need to sit down, we need to talk, we need to stop
fighting each other.
Now, I tend to get frustrated oftentimes with people, but I try to communicate, I try to
spread the word and talk. And that's the key, our society, they've got us watching this
crap on television. They've got us distracted with cell phones and all this other stuff
that's not important.
No, it's nothing is allowed to be rolled out and made popular. Some things still squeak
out as what they want a world government to clamp down and have full control. They don't
have full control yet. That's the good news. The bad news is they've got dominant, systematic
programs in that will soon have control.
And anything they allow to be rolled out is designed to hurt us, is designed to bring
us down. It is a cold blooded total commitment against humanity.
Absolutely, I agree completely, I agree completely. And something I try to do is just help other
people spread the word and get ready because it's getting worse every day. I've been telling
people for years, I worked with youth for many years, and I would tell them and I would
say, don't believe me, but don't believe them, do your own research, you know, and it's getting
scary.
It's getting really scary. I see Bugs Bunny in a soup pot, and the fire's going around
them and the vegetables are in and I see most of them there, they're tasting the stuff and
saying, ooh, this tastes good. And they need to get out of the stop pot and do something.
Now I hear you, good analogy, time to get out of the pot. You're going around cooking
us like the Wicked Witch and Hansel and Gretel. I mean, just look at The Globalist, it's the
Wicked Witch, folks. They bought $2 million worth of targets of little kids for the police
to shoot, and then they defend it.
The company defends it and says, well, Homeland Security asked for this. The bullets are for
us and it's not just the targets, we have the manuals, we have it all. Wayne in New
Jersey, thanks for holding your on the air.
How's it going, Alex? You and Joel Skousen do some great work. In reference to the DHS
targets, one of your other callers had said that those were the not to shoot targets.
No, no, no, no. It says to shoot. It says no hesitation under it. This may be something
you face.
Right, I understand that. Back in the day, that's what it used to be. They'd put it up
in like a Hogan's alley and that would come up.
Sure, but do you see how people automatically spin everything? Like first, it can't be a
real story. Well then, no, no, you don't shoot the pregnant lady. No, it says non-traditional
target depicting a hostile pregnant woman in a nursery.
Understand that. It's very dangerous, what they're doing right now.
And it says, this is to train you to take out the threat. I mean, it says it in English
and people can't believe it.
But do you understand what I'm saying? It's a total reversal of what it used to be.
No, it's a total reversal. Until four years ago, you never gave a pregnant woman a vaccine.
They knew it caused spontaneous miscarriages and the baby lived, it would brain damage
them. Now they say, pregnant women need more shots. You understand? They're just seeing
what they can get away with.
We need a modern day version of Thomas Paine's common sense. That's what we need.
We need to realize the enemy runs the government. That doesn't mean everybody in it, but the
people running it are super evil. It just needs to be a mass awakening that, my God,
we've got a bunch of psych warfare chiefs who are weird, anti-family, anti-human, power
tripping nuts who think they're gonna merge with machines and become God in charge.
And they're spiking the food and water. And they're killing people all over the world
cutting their food off. And they're absolutely out of control. Great points, Wayne. Derek,
Michael, Jeremy, everybody else, your calls are coming up. 800-25-99231. I'm Alex Jones.
Your freedoms are on the line. The Second Amendment is in danger. How soon before your
freedoms are taken away? What can you not live without? What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns? Is it your home? No, it's food. It all boils down to the food supply.
Tyrannical governments control people by controlling their food supply. Don't be dependent. Be
self-sufficient. Don't wait for the government to feed you. Feed yourself. I can warn you,
but I can't feed you. Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from eFoods Direct.
It's the best long-term, storable food on the planet. Get the popular Mega Patriot Pack
free. A 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot, and fuel. Call 800-409-5633 or go
to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot Packs free with purchase.
Build your food supply, be in control, be self-sufficient, and be a patriot. Call 800-409-5633
or eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get your free Patriot Pack today.
Is this the year you finally get serious about your family's drinking water? If so, keep
listening for a special offer from Big Berkey Water Filters. Did you know that over 60%
of municipal water is fluoridated? Berkey Water Filters distinguish themselves from
many other filtration systems with the capability to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine,
borite, arsenic, and disinfection byproducts from municipal water via the black Berkey
and PF line of filters. Then there's affordability. At only 1.7 cents per gallon, Berkey Water
Filters purify treated and untreated water, even stagnant pond water. Stop and think how
much money you could save by simply reducing buying bottled water and using water filtered
by your Berkey Water Filter. No need to be constantly replacing expensive filters with
a Berkey. A single set of filters can last for 5 to 10 years. Choose the best size Berkey
for your needs at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com. And right now, all GCN listeners get 5% off
all ceramic filter systems. Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY. That's 877-99-BER-KEY or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
Free shipping on every order over $50. Big Berkey Water Filters, for the love of clean
water. Is your immune system under siege? Allergies and crippling immune diseases are
on the rise. Vaccines, radiation, and GMOs lead the charge against your health. Fortunately,
science conscious consumers are enlisting the help of RNA drops. RNA drops turn on the
signals and switches in virtually every cell of your body to activate what science calls
your junk DNA. RNA drops provide you with the ammunition you need to win the war on
disease, pain, depression, and decline. Hear hours of testimonials from people just like
you at RNAFreeSample.com. That's RNAFreeSample.com. And order a free one month supply of RNA drops.
Pay only shipping and handling at RNAFreeSample.com. Or call toll free 888-577-3703. That's 888-577-3703.
Or visit RNAFreeSample.com.
All right, I'm gonna continue with your calls in this segment the next, then I'm gonna get
into the second American Revolution and what we've got to do to restore the republic. I've
got a message to the criminal foreign crime syndicates that run our government. I sit
here and I watch and I study what you do every single day. And I watch all the horrible things
you do. I know you brag how it's an attribute to be cold blooded and exterminate humans
that are a disease on the face of the earth.
And I see you selling that idea to the public, so we'll think of ourselves as trash and roll
over and die, but that's not gonna happen. I read the book World War Z cuz it's a big
Brad Pitt film coming out. The film reportedly is in trouble with re-edits and things.
But it's just all about, it was actually great that the zombies came to reduce population.
What we needed was a Marxist system. And so it helped bring the UN and the world power
that the zombies took over cuz they weren't the real threat. The real threat was the individuals.
You're not listening to Mark Hamill of Star Wars, cuz I also listen to the book on tape.
In that fake New York accent or East Coast accent, my dad, I didn't listen to him about
Marxism, but he was right. And the UN knew how to deal with the American gun owners.
We hunted them down. The zombies were our friends. They helped deal with the gun owners
as well. I mean, it's every movie, TV show. It's the veterans, the gun owners, they're
the enemy. I mean, just see the government is a foreign occupying power, period, period,
period.
And I know a lot of Americans are gonna follow orders right into the pit of hell, but a lot
of us are not gonna do it. So let me just tell all the minions out there, you're not
gonna get away with this without one hell of a fight. Just get that through your pea
brain. And I don't want to see you cut down. I don't wanna see this engineered civil war
they've got all geared up and primed and ready.
But they don't have almost every drama and show on TV getting ready for civil war and
collapse and at the enemies, the gun owners, because they're gonna play Tiddlywinks. This
is a real operational program that they are considering hammering. They got multiple programs
going. But right before 9-11, they said, here's Bin Laden. He's gonna get you. What do you
do when he attacks?
Give your rights up. I saw the pre-programming. It's how I was able to say they were gonna
stage an attack. Doesn't mean there aren't Muslim extremists. Doesn't mean Al Qaeda isn't
real. The globalist created it. They run it today. Criminal globalist elements infiltrating
our government, working with Al Qaeda. Just like FBI doesn't know they work for the globalist.
The average Al Qaeda extremist actually thinks they're fighting for Allah.
It's compartmentalization where the globalists run all the sides. Do you understand that?
If you don't get that, it's over. I'm gonna go to break. I'm gonna come back with some
of your phone calls. Don't forget our broadcast is listener supported when you buy the books,
the videos, the tapes, the t-shirts, mfoarstore.com.
Three new films we're carrying that are very powerful. Behold a Pale Horse, America's Last
Chance with Charlie Daniels. Amazing, General Boykin and others and exposing the New World
Order. This is great to get mainline conservatives to wake up to the New World Order on June
21. A noble lie to understand false flag terror and Clinton's involvement and the Attorney
General's involvement.
He was deputy attorney general at the time. To wake Christians up that the tribulation
is being used as a cop out after the tribulation. Let no man be deceived, very well done. Our
best selling film we're selling right now at mfoarstore.com. Purchase them, have a viewing
at your house. Give a copy to your neighbor, your boss, your employees, buy the magazine
in bulk at cost. Big color magazine, great way to wake people up, give a gift subscription.
mfoarstore.com or call 888-253-3139, 888-253-3139. Got the new Obama come and take it tyrant
shirts. Best seller there and just fill our war chest mid air refueling so I can accelerate
to beyond attack speed cuz I'm coming in on my another attack run and I need fuel in the
engines.
So load me with fuel and I'm ready to hammer down. This is GCN, the Genesis Communications
Radio Network. You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a
home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home
protection. When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check
out simply safe. It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to get simply safe.com simply safe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power.
So even if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use
it in your home business boat trailer storage unit or shed get simply safe.com simply safe
is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to
let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system
with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home, but simply safe will stand guard
protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's get simply safe
.com. Waging war on corruption. Alex Jones on the GCN radio network. Big Brother mainstream
media government cover ups. You want answers? Well, so does he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN
radio network. And now live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones. Make no mistake. Our greatest
success of this transmission is that more and more were able to shape the debate. It's
an incredible responsibility, and I want to say I'm thankful for it, but quite frankly,
didn't even want this job. That's why I've been successful. I got involved in this because
I believed in liberty and didn't want to live under slavery. I didn't get involved in media
like most people to be a big shot. I got involved in media and crawled my way up to this point
out of a dedication to freedom. And I know that's why you're listening and that's why
you're involved and God bless you. Key information coming up in the next segment dealing with
the second American Revolution. Will it be peaceful? Will it be violent? How do we turn
this republic around?
The most weighty of subjects will be carried and covered in the next segment. Let's go
to phone calls right now. Let's go to Scotty in Iowa. Scotty in Iowa, you're on the air.
Thanks for holding.
Hi, I wanted to ask you guys' opinion on my, I have some family members who are in the
military, they're in the army. And they were saying how Obama's making this new rule that
if the enemy does not have a weapon in their hand, you can't shoot them. And one of my
cousins had one of his men get stabbed, I shouldn't say stabbed, the enemy had a machete
and hit him in the head.
Yeah, well that's all part of PR. Obama will say I'm anti-war, give me a peace prize. You
know, you've got to put pink hearts on the sides of the bullets before you fire them
while he has drones blowing up whole buildings and saying it's collateral damage to kill
200 people and only kill one bad guy, they claim. So that's all just PR baloney. And
they're just getting ready to politically correct the military, put women in front line
combat, pulling crosses out of the chapels, cuz they want to phase it out in the next
decade.
They're gonna go purely to robots. And then you'll just have people literally in pink
outfits prancing around there to back up the robots at the attack factories and the mobile.
But they plan to have these giant floating fortresses that are the size of like 10 giant
oil drilling refineries or oil drilling platforms. This is an official plan, floating fortresses
directly out of 1984. Guys, look up Pentagon plans and NATO plans, giant floating fortresses.
And then they're gonna have robot repair factories on those with big robot Ospreys and other
attack craft that take off, and then you'll have supply ships at these giant floating
robot attack systems.
So don't worry, the whole spree decor, humans are out of it. Humans won't be working at
McDonald's, they won't be working in factories, they won't be working in the military. You'll
have technicians that back up the robots in case they have problems. But already top engineers
don't even know how the computers work, and none of them can even tell how they all go
together now.
And the algorithms are all out of control. So you'll just basically have computers working
on the computers. And at that point, the globalists are gonna release the bioweapon. Just get
rid of us, we're not needed anymore. They officially say they're gonna kill us. What
do you think about that?
That's insane. Another thing that I had a question on is some of my family members think
that what Obama's doing is he's sending out some of our troops little by little, and that
he's creating his own army?
No, no, no, they're creating their own. Well, there will be combat troops in each nation
because it's fun to torture and kill people. So the Soviets will all have their own uniforms.
The new neo-Soviet banker minion will all have their uniforms and have their purges
and rape our wives and stomp on us and kick our brains out and torture us and all that.
So yeah, no, they're all fantasizing about federal militias and how they're gonna take
all our property and our families and conscript our children into forced labor. So yes, that
is going on, their own domestic security force, yes.
Okay, that's just what my main question was.
No, that's official, that's their plan, yeah. I mean, the heirs were in the meetings, came
out and then the core people went to jail over and they said, we're gonna put 50 million
libertarians and conservatives in camps, we're gonna kill at least half of them.
And that was back when our population was 200 million. Back in the 70s, it's now 315
million. So you gotta look at them killing about 80 million people. Or no, putting 80
million in reeducation camps, which are really just big party houses for psychopaths. See,
psychopaths have their biggest, kinda like chili cook-offs when they have a big government.
Psychopaths, the smart ones, build a big government cuz they can kill and steal on the way up.
But then they have a big blood party at the end of it, like Hitler and Lenin and Stalin
and Mao had. And Mao killed 65 to 85 million, no one really knows. It's just all a big party.
Introducing Pro One, all of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at Infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Bend Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you are using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. A little over a year ago I began to do a lot
of research into why, even if I had a pretty good sized meal, that I was still starving
and my research led me to a well known fact that most of the soils that we grow our crops
on here in the United States and across the industrialized world are almost completely
depleted of almost all of the key minerals and trace elements that our bodies need to
rebuild themselves, fight off cancer and be healthy. I then searched out the best vitamin
and mineral company out there and discovered Young Jevity. The Young Jevity products are
designed to give you the real nutrition you need and once you've got that you don't have
to eat as much to be satisfied. I've lost 37 pounds in two months simply getting the
vitamins and minerals I need. Check it out for yourself, it's incredible. Go to infowarseteam.com
today and order your first canister of Beyond Tangy Tangerine Complete Multivitamin Mineral
Complex Dietary Supplement. That's infowarseteam.com.
Big Brother, Mainstream Media, Government Cover-Ups. You want answers? Well so does he. He's Alex
Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Thank you for joining us on this Thursday edition. We're now into the second hour. We're
here Monday through Friday 12 noon to 3 p.m. Eastern and the last two hours are carried
by XM 166 and we are also simulcast on over 150 AM and FM affiliates across the country
and of course you can always find the free podcasts and audio streams at infowars.com
and prisonplanet.com and the video feeds are at infowarsnews.com, one word, infowarsnews.com
or prisonplanet.tv and for the nightly news 7 o'clock central.
Okay, coming up I'll get to more of your calls. Jeremy and Jason and John and Sean and Charles
and everyone that is patiently holding. And I'm gonna get into John Kerry, the new Secretary
of State's first initiative. He has the global carbon tax and shutting down what's left of
American industry.
We're gonna be getting to that. We're also gonna be looking at the economy in depth and
how they're trying to hide inflation with horse meat and fake fish and the rest of it,
that new scandal breaking as well. I also want to look at life extension technologies
that the globalists have been suppressing.
That's just some of what we're going to be covering here today. But if you remember a
few weeks after Obama was reelected, I made the call for a second American revolution.
I made the call for a second American revolution, but I was very clear that via the Declaration
of Independence, and to quote our founding documents, July 4, 1776, in the Continental
Congress, that it is our right and our duty to throw off an oppressive government that
becomes destructive of the basic aims of life, liberty, the pursuit of happiness, due process,
private property, things like that.
And if you look at the long train of abuses, that's exactly what we're facing today by
an order of magnitude, conservatively. And America is a conquered country. Foreign globalist
interests brag, I wrote an article a few months ago with Paul Watson. It's a very important
article titled Banksters Declare They've Conquered the United States and Europe.
And it's got more than 15, 16 different videos and links to world leaders saying, the New
World Order is run by private banks, we've conquered you. And they're not free market.
They didn't buy the world. They took over the world by paying off politicians and then
having them sign us onto their debt. And only Iceland has said no and kicked the banksters
out and actually arrested their bankers who were involved in the fraud.
That's the only course. Now to understand the fact that there is a solution and there
is a way to beat these people, you need to first look at the enemy's attack profile.
What is the New World Order global corporate mafia based in Europe, England and the United
States, dominating most of the world, paying off most of the Russians in a power sharing
deal with the communist Chinese under a eugenics agreement, agreed on in 1949 that Mao would
kill a large portion of his population, later codified under one child in 1975 with Ambassador
Bush.
Now under that power axis, they're mopping up a few Arab countries. They're mopping up
a few Eastern European countries, a few African countries. They're mopping up here and there.
But the whole world points out, hey, the big funder of the empire, the big once wealthy
republic. You still got your guns, you still got some private property. You've got a federal
tax of around 40% when it's a 75% or more in France.
That's the model and Obama's hired not one but two socialist, globalist, French economists
to come over here and run things. You saw that a few months ago. They're saying under
the OECD, that's the real global banking receivership arm that they use to bring Europe under receivership
during the Marshall Plan that is the Organization of Economic and Cooperative Development via
the Ex-Im Bank, IMF and World Bank through the local consortiums, Bank of England, Private
Federal Reserve and other systems. They are here to bankrupt the world system and to end
the family, to make you so poor you can't afford to have children.
And wherever you're poor, you're not gonna be allowed to have children. And they've actually
paid the welfare system to create a giant horde of disenfranchised, dumbed down, fluoride
heads to actually be their weapon system. See, the eugenics is a balanced system. It's
an algorithm to exterminate a certain number of the undesirables, while also producing
another group that will form the basis of your takeover army against your real enemy,
the middle class, i.e., high IQ, genetic groups which can come from any so-called race, that
in their structure algorithm studies would form a threat to the overall in-game takeover
scenario.
Now, when I start to get into all this, it gets very technical, and I'm going off schematics
in my mind. And of course, I've made a film on it almost seven years ago, in-game, Blueprint
for Global Enslavement. But I can get lost in the minutia. Let me just reset and put
it to you this way. There's a global corporate empire who doesn't just wanna conquer you.
Once it's in place, it is a scientific technocracy following a mindset based on Malthusian systems
of exterminism, or what would be called in modern terminology, a universal ultra-Hitlerian
program of mass genocide against over 90% of the world's population.
Now, we face that. That's their game plan. And they want control of the resources and
control of the society to be able to carry that program out. And to do that, they've
also dumbed the population down, created artificial arrested development. They have poisoned culturally,
spiritually, but also physically the general population, as Thomas Robert Malthus called
for.
In what about the year 1800, roughly, was when he put out one of his major thesis. 1898
was the first publishing date of that, the essay on the principle of population. And
he said, poison them, release bio-weapons on them, dumb them down. He said, ship them
to the colonies for slave labor.
In fact, there's famous British Army Colonel manuals that are in the Smithsonian where
they talk about how to incubate the smallpox, how to pop the sores properly, how to lay
on the blankets and then quickly, cuz it's fresher that way and has a better kill ratio,
give that to the Indians.
You see, that's 200 plus years ago. They give you vaccines today that kill you 20 years
down the road. And again, I know this is so nightmarish. I mean, I know it's crazy, but
it's real. I mean, it's what you find when you go study the real history. And there is
no return from this unless we wake up to it.
There's no future for our children. There's no future for anybody. And I wanna warn those
of you out there who serve the establishment on the so-called right and left, who think
that you're just gonna go quietly into the night and that you're gonna be part of the
winning team. There could be two exterminist, anti-human haters. There could be two high
priests to the New World Order together in a high mountain temple when they've exterminated
the entire world population.
If there was two of them, two biomechanical monsters, cuz that's what they believe they're
gonna turn into. Standing at the ultimate pinnacle of exterminist, nihilistic, flagellation,
they would kill each other. So I know where this leads historically. I know where this
leads spiritually.
I know where this leads physically. I know where this leads intellectually, but in my
gut and in my spirit and every level, there is no turning back for many of you I know.
But for many of you who are compartmentalized, you're listening right now and you know what
I'm saying is true, not because you know I've done my research, but because you're part
of it.
I think that right now the question is, do we all work for central bankers? That's what
I wanna address to our guests tonight. Is this global governance at last? Is it one
world the central bankers in charge? Jim Iorio, you say we've got some downside here, a correction
in the markets, fine.
But aren't we all just living and dying for what the central banks do? Aren't we all just
counting on the fact that there's a Bernanke putt and that we won't go any lower than say
5% down from here?
Of course we are because of-
And then the rest of them go through the fact that they agree with him. Yeah, the fellow
is our master, but it doesn't matter, they're in control, that's the way it is. And that's
like the alien spacecraft arriving at Earth and your television sets go, I am Gorgon.
We have come to capture your planet, we will destroy your planet as we've done countless
others if you do not submit immediately to us.
And they're all over the news announcing we're slaves, while having dramas and sitcoms and
movies and police training manuals where they tell you this doesn't exist, the banking takeover
doesn't exist. Terrorists say it exists and they're gonna blow stuff up. No, the globalists
are gonna blow stuff up and then try to come arrest all of us.
So when we come back, I'll break down just some of my thoughts and ideas, talking points
from my research in history of how we can really kickstart a resistance before it gets
physical and really cause a real cultural revolution, a cultural seismic awakening.
And it either happens that way explosively or it doesn't happen. The globalists know
how easily this can happen. All we have to do is speak to the human instinct of survival
that beats in the hearts and the minds of most of the minions of the system who are
gonna be destroyed as well.
We just have to get the message out and it's game over. We've beaten the tyrants countless
times before. We'll beat them this time again if God is with us.
Introducing Pro One, all of your filtration in one system portable on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing technology combined
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your pro pure with
a new Pro One filters today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Hey everybody, Ty Bollinger here. Once again, real life, real stories.
And he discovered Carnivora, was so thrilled with the product that he shared it with his
family and his friends and his patients. My dad was a family physician, he was a medical
doctor. Almost all the symptoms were either diminished or gone. Amazing product, amazing
results. It's like an amazing thing having such a profound change in how I feel and knowing
that it was the Carnivora that did it. And a lot of patients got better ranging from
immune dysfunction to allergies and infection. Here's the toll free telephone number to call
to access the Carnivora telecast at carnivora.com on Tuesday, March 12th, 8 p.m. Eastern Time.
Call 1-888-694-9666. That's 1-888-694-9666. Once again, 1-888-694-9666. Visit c-a-r-n-i-v-o-r-a.com
or call 1-866-VenusFly to order now.
That's the number 18, I-N, the number four dot com.
We the people grow cotton, we fabric, engrave ink, embed strips and fibers to protect from
counterfeit and carting to a private bank, having it lead back at interest, forcing taxes
to service debt. This capitalism or was Jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing
the public currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than a standing
army? Hi, Ted Anderson. I'm placing a free silver dollar in a book that explains our
monetary system. Call for your copy. 800-686-2237. It's time to understand the system. Call
800-686-2237. That's 800-686-2237. Hey there. Frank Bates here. Have you heard
about the weird device that could wipe out 280 million Americans? This is really scary
stuff. Defense experts warn that this odd device poses the gravest threat we've ever
known. In fact, just a few weeks ago, former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich wrote an
op-ed piece for the Washington Post warning about this deadly threat. I can't believe
that more people aren't talking about this. It may be because the liberals and the government
are trying to cover it up. That's why my friend just created a free video at weirddevice.com
that exposes this threat and blows the doors off the conspiracy. Go watch the shocking
video at weirddevice.com right now to discover exactly what it is, plus discover the number
one way you and your family can survive this deadly attack. I'm not sure how long this
video will be online, so go to weirddevice.com before it's gone forever. Again, that's weirddevice.com.
So they've gone for 50 years saying, the John Birch Society, the lying demons, because it
was only the John Birch Society in the 50s and 60s that was even covering any of this.
And so they would go, those crazy conspiracy theorists who they say our government put
Mao in, all been declassified in the mid 90s. CIA putting in 1949 declassified, go look
it up. Biggest mass murder in history, one in communism. Nixon was just making public
a deal that was already done. And that isn't America. Pundits will then say, how dare you
say America runs the commies. Criminal mega banks run the commies.
Read Tragedy and Hope, written by Carol Quigley, Bill Clinton's mentor, who he cried in a speech
and thanked as the man that taught him everything. His CIA handler, when he was in the CIA and
sent over to England with Hillary, that's been CIA from the beginning. By the way, that's
documented.
It's just the general public. Did you know Anderson Cooper's admittedly CIA? And what
is he, an aster? The point is, it's the same Vanderbilt. Yeah, the other one's an aster,
the Daily Caller guy. The point is, is that there's never an end to any of this. All right,
and a bunch of rich people wanna sic the giant dumbed down mass on the middle class.
So they plan a massive takeover in this country. Now, the solution to beat these people is
in their defense strategy. What are they organized around? They're organized in the John Warner
Defense Authorization Act before Obama got in for state insurrection even by legislatures.
It talks about legislatures and governors and state insurrection. We're talking Civil
War stuff. You notice they billed Obama as he'll be the Lincoln. They knew people were
gonna resist this. He'll crush the states.
If you don't like turning your guns in, you're a racist. You're the Confederates. You're
like, what's it have to do with that? If you don't like socialism, you're a Confederate.
You're a white Southerner, Rangel says. Al Sharpton says. All the MSNBC pundits, Rachel
Maddow, Slimeball, Matthews, all of them. You're like, doesn't make sense. No, it does.
The globalists are gonna blow stuff up and say the new Confederates did it. How did I
know all this was coming? I was seeing Army War College stuff five years ago before Obama.
They were getting ready though. They were putting these out to the troops and put them
out of the officer corps.
So I see them getting the next war ready. And they do synthetic wars. They make them
up. They run all the sides. So I see them getting it all ready. And I'm like, hey, the
plan is they're gonna say he's Lincoln. They're gonna start a civil war. And so the entire
program is set up, though, to where they'll artificially represent the states and call
it Confederate.
When the states of the Declaration of Independence and the people can reconstitute the government
whenever they want. They wanna bill it federal government against the states and the evil
whites. That's the new targets, the bullet training, the manuals. They wanna false bill
it. It's us minorities in a loving socialist government against the evil white right-wingers.
Kill anybody in a John Deere hat. Let's get them, yeah!
Okay, now, they want to push that false idea instead of people like Sheriff Clark, who's
black and super smart and well-spoken, has a hero background. And along with 400 other
sheriffs now saying this is gonna cause a revolution. We're gonna be with the people
that totally freaks the system out.
In fact, if I was the globalist, this is the type of person I'd go after is Clark and other
sheriffs like Mack. But the fact that he's black and talks like George Washington absolutely
is like kryptonite to these people, all right? Of course, that's an analogy of a good guy.
What's something that takes out water to the witch in The Wizard of Oz, okay? He's like
water to the witch. I'm melting, I'm melting. So they wanna have this balkanization, have
this division.
That's why it's so cartoonish you turn on any drama or show. Yeah, the whites are murdering
killers and all veterans that are white are terrorists and McGarrett's gonna take out
the evil white person. Next show, yeah, crazy terrorists just blew stuff up. He thinks they're
spraying stuff on us. Next show, yeah, the founding fathers were killers and racist filth
had to be dealt with.
Next channel, yeah, those that don't like socialism are actually enemies and planning
to hurt children. Next channel, yeah, the mother didn't take vaccines. We took her kids
for abuse. It's abuse to not take shots. Next channel, fluoride's good for your children.
Everyone knows it, so is aspartame. Only extremists that are child molesters are against it. Next
channel, the lights are off cuz the rebels blow the power plant up.
See, if you're awake, it's cartoonish. But see, the general public watches that. They
go to work, they go home, they watch TV. That's their matrix, that's their bubble. So when
I come back, I'm gonna tell you how to beat these people, okay? I'm gonna tell you how
to beat them.
Because in their defense strategy, you see where they're weak, you understand? You understand?
And I'm gonna tell you, you beat them at one level, I'll tell you when we come back. I
mean, the thing is, if you knew what I knew, which isn't hard to know, if you understood
my mind and understood the history, we could defeat them very quickly.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Thank you so much for joining us.
Go to SupernaturalSilver.com and use the promo code Healthy for 20% off. That's SupernaturalSilver.com.
And like us on Facebook.
You may be arrested and or subject to other police action.
Tyranny is here. The grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality.
It really says that the state is God.
The United States is now recognized globally as one of the most oppressive police states
on Earth. This film conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps
now being expanded nationwide. This documentary exposes how the continuity of government program
has established an all-powerful shadow state.
Police state four chronicles the sickening depths to which our republic has fallen. Prepare
to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship, body scammers, sound cannons,
citizen spies, stage terror and cameras on every street corner. It's only the beginning
of the New World Order's hellish plan.
The police state isn't coming. It's here. Secure your copy today at Infowars.com or
see it online in the highest quality at PrisonPlanet.tv.
Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates. We have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at Infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Big Brother. Mainstream media. Government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. Live from Austin, Texas. Broadcasting worldwide. It's Alex Jones.
Kind of get out of brainstorm mode here and try to just nail this down calmly. And a lot
of it I've already said before, but we can defeat the globalist if we know who they are
and how bad they are and really get people out of their trance to realize that they can't
be spectators any longer.
And as this system gets more and more abusive, even decadent slobs will start to wake up
and try to do something. But the biggest issue here is teaching people they do have power.
Doing little things against the system, telling people about this radio broadcast, telling
people about books and films that expose the New World Order, running for political office
even if you lose, educating people where you spend your money, what you support, growing
a garden, buying local, getting healthy and none of us are perfect.
It's just moving in the right direction. Big things have small beginnings. Now, that said,
how do we defeat this? Well, first off, we see the globalists want to divide and conquer
everybody. And we see they want to get rid of borders and bring in globalism to replace
our republic. So basically, anything the globalists are for, we need to be against.
If they're for taking guns, there are intellectual arguments for guns, obviously. But we just
know to be against gun control because the globalists are tyrants and want to take our
guns to enslave us. So I don't debate or argue with them. That's why I didn't debate. I debated
too much. I should have debated even less with Piers Morgan, because he's not there
to debate.
He's a hatchet man. He's there to try to sell the disarmament and enslavement of our people,
no matter what color they are. And we've got to come together for the real Bill of Rights
and Constitution, the real civil rights, the real God-given rights, the real human rights
of liberty and freedom.
Not the right of a woman or the right of being black or the right of being Hispanic or the
right of being an evil white person, which they see is the main middle class that's left
to be taken down. And we've got to discredit the system like our lives depend on it, because
it does. It does depend on it. Now, that said, the way to defeat the globalist is a rediscovery
of the Declaration of Independence, that it is our right and our duty to throw off oppressive
bonds.
And that we are the sovereigns and that we are the officials and that we are the authority
and that the government people are our servants. And that corporations buying off government
to just raise taxes arbitrarily or fines or fees or shut down power plants, that that's
illegal. That the establishment can't just sell off utilities for pennies on the dollar
to their friends, that's not privatization, that's piracy.
But all that aside, this is the gist of it, the key. In their defeat, finding the way
to defeat them is to look where they're most defensive. Because where is the rightful remedy?
States rights, 10th Amendment nullification, bringing the Congress and the federal government
under control.
But you're only going to do that when you realize it's fully captured. It doesn't listen
to reason, it doesn't find the truth, it doesn't get religion, it doesn't come to Jesus. Because
it's a fully held pillbox full of foreign soldiers, full of global technocrats. We're
designed to fight a foreign enemy in a uniform.
These are bought off agents of globalist who are totally ruthless, and whose tool of control
is to make you poor while consolidating and stealing your wealth. So we as a people, first
have to realize that, and then we have to realize what are they worried about?
States rights, the family, the individual, races of people coming together around the
Bill of Rights and Constitution as a human race for liberty. They're afraid of being
independent, they're afraid of private wealth. They're afraid of freedom because they're
flaming authoritarians. So once you realize that, you look at how they're set up saying
states have no rights ever.
Well, why do we have states? We know that's a fraud. How in 1913, they took the senators
from the states who were elected by the legislature. Senators were pure creatures of the state,
giving the states the veto power over government. That's the real system, separation of powers.
And so we move for states rights. We move for sovereignty of America and expose the
fact that we're under globalism. We expose the fact the federal government's been captured
and those serving them are collaborators.
That's not rhetoric, folks. Like I'm saying, it's like they're foreign collaborators. They
are. Get that through your head, get that out to everyone, okay? And then we realize
that's why they demonize states rights. That's why they demonize gun owners. That's why they
demonize because they've got things planned so horrible.
They know people are gonna get out of their coma and finally physically resist. And the
government and the foreign bankers know they have no other choice. They're all gonna go
to jail unless they bring in a total tyranny and arrest their opposition, those of us aware
of their criminal takeover. So see, they're committed 100% to their cause.
But if you really look at it strategically, militarily, culturally, historically, it's
so over the top to have a foreign occupier. And foreign occupiers always get run out if
the people have the will to fight. So why don't we politically fight and culturally
fight ahead of a physical fight?
Because even though there's a good chance they'll lose that, that's what they wanna
go to because they can see long term they're losing the hearts and minds of the people.
So their entire defense structure is around stopping the rightful remedy in the Constitution
Bill of Rights Declaration of Independence of state sovereignty, individual sovereignty,
Bill of Rights Constitution that's duplicated in the 50 states.
In case the head gets taken over, there are 50 other systems that can join together or
separately lead the way out of the takeover. It's designed like ships that have their own
air tanks in them. So they're flooding, they just pump up the air tanks or boats that can't
be sunk that have styrofoam in them.
But the globalists are in there like termites trying to eat out the styrofoam to sink us.
You understand that? Well, we just need to bail. When you resist the globalists, when
you criticize the UN, when you fight for sovereignty, when you go and get involved politically,
when you speak out.
Look at Obama trying to rally all his idiot minions to go after guns and say, I need your
horrible stories of what happened to you to personalize it. One man's a tragedy, a million's
a statistic as Stalin said. Because it's a culture war, and he's trying to rally the
useful idiots he's sucking dry and abusing and destroying and all the poor he's creating
cuz he's their front man.
We need to rally everybody. You need to realize how important you are in this fight. But here's
the key, I always build up to it. Cuz there's hundreds of little points I wanna make, but
the big central one is this. State sovereignty, a second American Revolution, because that's
a catching term and that's what it is.
But not a Soviet Cultural Revolution, not a fascist Cultural Revolution, an American
Republic, born again revolution of mind. That's where it all starts first, 90% of war is end
for war. And we take that revolution of mind, and we inject that revolution out there with
the pride and the dignity and the focus that we have knowing we're in the right.
And not caring if we're criticized, not caring if people are brainwashed and laugh at us,
they're victims. And we explain that the system is demonizing states' rights, gun owners,
constitutionalists, and trying to typecast it as WWE star Jack Swagger in a staged arrest
demonizing Alex Jones.
They're doing all of that because they know that is the way out of all of this. And so
they wanna make Hispanics, blacks, Northern whites, whoever, think, well, you're not part
of America, even though it started in the North. You're not part of 1776, even though
you live in Boston or New York.
You don't know your history, you're not taught your history. No, it's those evil Southerners,
they wanna keep the guns cuz they're racist. The big delicious punch bowl of the Republic
that everybody would wanna drink out of, and what's Chris Matthews and Al Sharpton doing?
They are bent over using the restroom in the punch bowl so that people won't go drink out
of it, but that's not the real punch bowl. You understand that? And so we just simply
have to point out, they're desperately demonizing things because that's where they're weak.
That's where they can be defeated, that they're occupiers, that they're liars, that they're
frauds, that they have tiny audiences now, they're imploding. That's why they claim Obama
was a mandate, Obama has won, everyone wants socialism and to turn their guns in and to
have open borders. They have the Crossroads Group and hundreds of millions of Republican
dollars and Karl Rove leading it, demonizing even mainline conservatives like Glenn Beck
and Rush Limbaugh.
Because they saw all those Tea Party people get elected and all those Campaign for Liberty
people get elected, a whole bunch. So Karl Rove comes out and says, you got no one elected,
I got two people. And they announce it's a mandate with Obama, Obama, Obama. It's all
a hoax cuz they've got a 9% approval rating.
They're imploding, they're in trouble, they're falling apart. So they've got the WWE Republican
run with the big Republican moguls of Jim McMahon and his wife. And you've got Fox News
up there making jokes about an acting like they're against it, but actually pushing it.
And you've got shows on Fox TV demonizing constitutionalist. See, Rupert Murdoch, all
of this trying because the same globalist on the Republicans and the Democrats. And
they're scared of a real revolution in the most likely candidate, the Republican Party,
to get friends in Congress to give moral support to constitutional conservatives and libertarians
in the states to get together with a real movement to take over the Republican Party
and take America back.
That's why they had to put Romney in, one of their establishment types, to kill it to
make sure it failed so that they could claim the mandate. It was rigged at every level,
the fix was in. And they're going for broke right now, not because they're strong, but
because they're 7 to 10 years behind. Even Brzezinski says that, one of their top tacticians.
And they know if they don't get it all done now, it's over. So that's why you're going
to see Fox News try to pacify conservatives.
And they say on there, we don't want Alex Jones to radicalize conservatives. And Alex
Jones doesn't speak for conservatives, you bet. I don't speak for New World Order fake
Republicans. And see Glenn Beck, who's a chameleon, he knows this. Back when Ron Paul had a chance
to win four years ago in the primaries, he shot him down, said his supporters wanna blow
stuff up.
The army needs to be used against him. I'm for the banker bailout. The Bilderberg group's
not bad. Now he's like, I'm a libertarian, and I don't like the Republicans, and I'm
leaving their party. And Karl Rove is taking it over and trying to kill the Tea Party,
which is all true, except, okay, you've got New World Order Karl Rove, probably listening
right now, lives in Austin.
You've got him up here. Total New World Order, because they work for the foreign banks. They
gotta give you a fake choice of Obama or mainline Republicans. And then you've got Glenn Beck
next, who just wants the market of the libertarian conservatives. And he's doing a lot more good
than mainline Republicans, so I'm not bashing him.
It's just that I don't trust him. I mean, these guys are all shifty guy and beyond,
but they're not real. They're all about how they're winners, and they figured out the
angles. Figuring out the angles isn't how you win, folks, in a desperate situation.
You go past the angles. You redefine the game. That's how we're gonna beat this. It's our
only shot, and it's a big shot. We got a really good chance of beating this thing. If you
realize, folks, you're not signing on to some global corporate takeover.
You're signing on to something that makes Hitler look like a uncoordinated schoolboy.
You're talking Incredible Hulk versus a electroshock therapy Hitler, okay? A lobotomized Hitler.
I mean, this is a mean machine, but it only can convert and take over if you're not aware,
if you're not involved, and if you don't realize how over the top, cuckoo, this eugenics takeover
is.
Okay, so we've got all that happening. So I'm calling again for the second American
revolution. And you notice the media tried to spin it. He wants to take up arms. No,
the opposite. I wanna take up info weapons. The pen is mightier than the sword, the keyboard,
the bullhorn, the banner hang, the bumper sticker, now, now, now, now, now, now.
And realize the unbelievable holy mission you're on. I mean, you are literally in the
footsteps. Our forebearers fought the greatest empire the world had ever seen, never been
beaten.
And to be honest with you, the British redcoats were not that evil compared to what we face.
They were powerful. But the reason our forebearers committed to fighting something and never
been beaten, because it was horrible to be a slave. It was horrible to be humiliated.
And they saw things getting worse. And they saw their lands being taken and their kids
being pressed as slaves, white slaves. They just called it impressment, didn't call slavery.
For 10-year stints on ships where the average person only lived about five years, you had
a very low chance of living.
They would go around town and grab men, women, and children mainly. Well, not really women,
that was later. But the point is, they would grab women for other service, but they would
grab boys and men. But boys mainly because they could be made to serve. For the hellish,
hellish slave trade, you name it, that was going on on the east coast of Africa.
The point is, I don't wanna digress into history here, we don't have a choice. And hell, you
can go get Jack Daniels and Prozac and go watch the football game and say, I don't care,
devil take it, that's your business. But this is the animating contest for liberty. This
is the real deal.
And the entire globalist program is focused on demonizing the Tea Party, veterans, gun
runners, constitutionalist in the fetters. And why? Because we carry with us what made
America great. We are the Americans, we are the informed, we are the people that are left.
We're the real elite. We're the real remnant, whether you're black, white, Hispanic, Asian,
German, Chinese, Jewish, Tasmanian.
The point is, you're it. And if you're listening anywhere in the world, you're facing the same
global corporate design program, unified agenda, same textbook, same name, same deal. And you're
it, we are humanity's best and only hope, and God is behind us. But listen, you gotta
take the first steps and say, God, I'm gonna fight the corruption, I'm gonna do the best,
show me what to do.
Say that prayer, even though I don't, whether you're a Christian, a Jewish, Muslim, an atheist.
If you don't even believe in God and spiritualism or whatever you wanna call it, asking the
ether, asking the source. I wanna be good, I wanna fight corruption, I don't know what
to do. Open up the doors for me, show me what to do.
The universe, the doors will just open. The universe, as Martin Luther King said, justice
is there in the universe and the universe bends towards justice, the providence. You've
gotta ask for the providence. You've gotta decide you wanna be good. You've gotta decide
you want the truth. You've gotta decide you want liberty. You gotta decide you don't wanna
be ruled by bad people, because here's the thing about evil.
Once you get bad guys in place, but who aren't completely sadistic and murderous, they'll
be replaced by those that are worse, and then those that are worse, and those that are worse.
That's why you always get such crazy wild men, royalty bathing in children's blood or
burning down old cities or declaring themselves God or demanding human sacrifices, because
megalomaniac psychopaths will always end up taking over a big government. We're in deep
trouble. We need 1776 worldwide now.
Your freedoms are on the line. The Second Amendment is in danger. How soon before your
freedoms are taken away? What can you not live without? What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns? Is it your home? No, it's food. It all boils down to the food supply.
Tyrannical governments control people by controlling their food supply. Don't be dependent. Be
self-sufficient. Don't wait for the government to feed you. Feed yourself. I can warn you,
but I can't feed you. Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from e Foods Direct.
It's the best long-term, storable food on the planet. Get the popular Mega Patriot pack
free, a 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot and fuel. Call 800-409-5633 or go
to efoodsdirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot packs free with purchase.
Build your food supply, be in control, be self-sufficient and be a patriot. Call 800-409-5633
or efoodsdirect.com slash Alex and get your free Patriot pack today.
Social unrest, food shortages, political turmoil, EMPs, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, fires,
riots, flooding. It's not a matter of it, but when. What if it happened right now? Would
you have the supplies to survive off the grid? Offthegrid.com is the place to go for the
widest selection of survival supplies at rock-bottom prices. Head over to offthegrid.com for survival
kits, first aid supplies, dried food, water filters and purifiers, gas masks, solar and
crank radios, solar generators, ammo, knives, stun guns, pepper sprays, hacks and bags,
fire starters, a library of books and a whole lot more. Get free same-day shipping on all
orders over $75. Enter promo code radio at checkout and receive an additional 5% discount
off our already lowest in the industry prices. Offthegrid.com, proud to stand shoulder to
shoulder with you as we protect our Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic.
You land in Buenos Aires, then a shuttle to Santa Rosa where a nicely furnished cabin
with all amenities, Wi-Fi, executive food and wine and laundry service awaits. After
a good night's sleep, your adventure begins. You're on a golden stag safari for big game.
But it's not Africa, it's Argentina. One-on-one guided hunts for water buffalo, huger, bighorn
rams, wild boar and the biggest stag deer in South America. All gold medal quality,
all the action you can handle. Land rovers, top rental guns with scopes, all food, beverages,
hunting guides, ground transportation included and more, all more affordable than you can
imagine. The adventure of a lifetime starts at goldenstagsafaris.com. The big game hunting
ranch, goldenstagsafaris.com. Hey, dawg, could you scare up another round for our table over
here and tell the cook this is low-grade dog food, all right? And here, take this for yourself,
okay? Geez, I had better food at the ball game, you know. I tell you, this steak still
has marks where the jockey was hit. Dog food! Hey, where's the bottle? Let's have some drinks
here, see what's going on for crying out loud. Hey, waiter here, this is for you, all right?
Oh, Captain Hook. How about the grand you owe me, huh? Ah, forget about it, I'm just
kidding, all right? Oh, this your wife, oh, a lovely lady. Hey, baby, you're all right.
You must have been something before electricity, huh? Hey, doll, how are you, huh? You live
alone? Hey, rabbi, nice seeing you. Look who you are. Folks, how are you, huh? And this
your grandson, huh? Oh, wonderful boy, nice boy, right? He's a good boy, I'll tell you.
Now I know why tigers eat their young, you know? Whoops, the dance of the living dead.
And I thought we'd play that, cuz I haven't talked much about the horse meat scandal that's
so huge now, and how it ties into all this, but here's USA Today. Fish fraud is off the
scale at restaurants nationwide, and you're paying top dollar for snapper or flounder or
whatever the case could be, swordfish, and you're really getting tilapia that they've
reformed and they've got all these ways to make it fake, kinda like the red slime, the
pink slime. But you know what? I know what all these big industries can do, the fish
industry, the restaurant industry, Nestle and others caught with the horse meat. Just
say it's a conspiracy theory.
Hell, you could serve them, well, the Japanese are actually coming out with this reconstituted
feces. If you guys pull up poop as meat, it's a Japanese TV, but you can show the viewers,
radio listeners. I mean, hell, you could have, I'm not kidding, with the average American,
you could have, you could put like a centipede on their plate and tell them it's beef. And
if they say that looks like a centipede, go conspiracy theory and then go, okay, let me
eat that large redheaded Texas centipede.
I say that cuz I caught one this morning, the kid's got a kick out of it. The point
is is that, yeah, there it is, fade it up, fade up the poop meat. People think I'm joking.
Can we fade up the poop meat, please? I mean, you think I'm joking here, but you know what?
It's not poop, it's a conspiracy. It's a conspiracy theory. And of course, natural news has pointed
out, how about bromine in not just Gatorade, but scores of other soft drinks that will
give you cancer and infertility and also make you have mental illness.
How's that sound? Yeah, in Japan, they have the new meat product, as they say, it's quite
delicious, poop, human poop. Here it is, you're a TV viewer, I'm not kidding.
Sewage mud contains a great deal of protein. We research whether we can extract the protein
and recycle it. The process creates delicious meat.
Sewage mud is rich in protein because it is alive with bacteria. These bacteria are harmless
because they are killed by heat during the manufacturing process.
Look at that poop meat.
The red color is obtained by using food coloring. The artificial steak, according to initial
tests, even tastes like beef. In fact, to refine the flavor, Professor Ikeda enjoys
eating it himself.
You think I'm joking about this stuff? Folks, they spray live viruses, poop viruses on most
meat you eat. They won't believe that. Type in viruses sprayed on meat. It's six years
old, ABC News. They radiated everything. They sprayed poop viruses on it. Hope you enjoy
it.
It's good for you. You think I'm joking about poop viruses? Whatever, in Latin, it translates
to poop eating viruses or viruses that eat poop eating bacteria, I guess is the full
quote. I'll tell you, having knowledge is the beginning of sorrow. I think it's somewhere
in the Bible.
The bottom line is they're afraid of states' rights movements. They're telling you you
have no power. They're telling you the Tea Party's dead, the Republican and Democratic
parties because it's the steak that can go to the vampire's heart. It's the high noon
to Count Chocula, okay? It is the holy water.
To that Renfield-like creature known as Janet Napolitano that walks around dragging her
knuckles on the ground like some type of albino possum re-engineered with a chimpanzee. Your
phone calls are coming up. Stay with us.
You are listening to GCN. Visit GCNlive.com today.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal-Bend
Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Big brother. Mainstream media. Government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
I have decided to become a trendy for at least the next five minutes. I want to say there
is no horse meat being fed to anyone that they claim as beef. That is a conspiracy.
There are no drones operating domestically. The NSA is not listening to us. There is no
world government even though it's all been announced. And everything's fine and USA Today
is lying. No restaurants serve you a lower quality fish and mislabel it. There is no
lying. No one should question anything. Everything's fine. The government loves you. There. There.
Let's go to your phone calls. A bunch of your calls and I'm gonna get into the main news.
I've covered some of it, but the economy and a lot more coming up right now. Let's talk
to Jeremy in Texas. Jeremy, thank you for patiently holding her on the air, sir.
Thank you, sir. Thanks for taking my call. I was calling in because you'd asked for what
we think some solutions can be.
Hold on a minute. We gotta have the record skipping. You actually called in on what I
asked you to call in about. This may be a first. Go ahead.
Well, my story was a few years ago. I'm going in my third year now as a Prison Planet TV
member. Three years ago, I was what you would call an evangelical Christian at Hagee's church
here in San Antonio. I was a leader in the church, taught Bible study, taught marriage
intimacy and was a big believer in the pre-trib rapture until I had been listening to you
a little bit. I wouldn't say I didn't believe you, but I just found it interesting until
you had brought up about how, you know, we were going to live through the tribulation
and then the rapture was going to happen after that, that the Rockefeller Foundation had
started introducing that in the 1800s. Well, I'm one of the people that still actually
research stuff. And when I researched it, I went back and I found out that what you
said was absolutely true. There's nothing in history except for, I think, some Roman
priest that mentioned it a thousand years ago just as a as a paper. But before then
we had I mean, I mean, the Gnostics thought that a little bit, but but but it wasn't the
same thing. Yeah. Yeah. But it wasn't until then that I really believed you. And I mean,
you are 100 percent responsible for bringing me out of the matrix. I am an evangelical.
I am a Christian. And then, of course, now with Pastor Anderson's movie that came out,
which I think is absolutely amazing. But but, you know, being in the church that I was in
here, I don't go there anymore. I mean, I was I was a lemming. I was a neocon. I was
exactly what happened when you started telling people, hey, the beast will wage war against
the saints and overcome them. I mean, what did they say to you? I mean, you try to wake
them up. Oh, absolutely. I've been doing that for three years. I had, you know, 50 or 60
friends that went to that church on Facebook that are no longer my friends. You know, they
defriended me. But I am so afraid that you don't agree with them because, oh, there's
nothing bad going to happen to us. We're going to make it. Did any of the Christians ever
get teleported out? Well, sometimes they did, like the lion's den or the fiery furnace,
but they had to go into it first. Yeah, absolutely. And Noah didn't it taken off Earth? He stayed.
So I mean, the history of the Bible shows that every time they went through tribulation,
God never took him out of it. They had to stay through it. But did they get a raptured
out with the lions? Or a lot of Christians thought they were going to be raptured Nazi
Germany. Did that happen? No, absolutely not. And but what I was saying about them is they
are I've been I was at that church for seven or eight years, and they brought in historians
and people that talked about the founding fathers in a good way. They're gunners, they're
hunters, they're fishers. I mean, they're they're everything that you talk about that
fight. But the one key thing that holds them up from opening their mind is thinking that
they don't have to fight because in that church, they don't they don't teach Romans 13. In
other words, I could tell you, it's a self fulfilling prophecy that it's all going to
end anyways. And for the New Agers, they gave them 2012. Oh, well, why be involved? 2012
is the end of the world. You see how they Frank Herbert called it the missionary and
protectorate, where they would implant grips to create false ideas of giving up and there's
no point. So that when then they sit in their control, people, everybody would stand down.
Great points. I know that's why we have the film after the tribulation. Let no man deceive
you available at Infowarsstore.com. Your purchase supports us and the filmmakers. Very well
done film. And believe me, this is like cyanide to the lies of the pre trip stuff. And I'm
not judging you here in the pre trip. If you think that's true, go ahead and believe it.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system,
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping
or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out simply safe. It's a new
do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to get simply safe
dot com. Simply Safe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power. So even
if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it
in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed. Get simply safe calm. Simply
Safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes. So there's no
need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take
the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home, but simply safe will stand
guard protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's get
simply safe dot com. I had tried everything. I'd cut back the amount of food I was eating.
I was lifting weights and jogging, but nothing was working. My body was literally starving
for minerals and trace elements as well as key vitamins. And as soon as I had that, I
immediately could eat half of what I was eating previously and be satisfied. Now there are
hundreds of great products at info worst team dot com. But I want to point out the three
that have helped me lose 37 in just two months. Products like Beyond Tangy Tangerine,
Pollen Burst and Rebound. When I started taking the Tangy Tangerine and other products every
day, I lost more than 37 in just two months. Now that's results. I want to challenge my
listeners to go to info wars team dot com and order just three of their products and
you will see the changes in the way you look, feel and in your appetite almost immediately.
Start your journey to health and wellness today. Info wars team dot com. Now that we
have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our immunity
and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full
selection of silver based products. Our most popular silver based products are the 32 ounce
nano silver solutions, our two ounce nano silver nasal applicators as well as our all
natural silver soaps. Just released is our 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver gel
is not based on synthetic gelling agents which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at
the surface. But rather we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing
chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the
silver more effectively. Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver
based products are best for you. That's www.silverlungs.com. All right, it's our number three. I'm going
right to your phone calls and then if you go to mfallwars.com or prisonplanet.com, citizens
applaud defeat of firearms ban in Massachusetts. The problem is they've got our kids. I've
actually had a handgun control link or an article I was in like 10 years ago go, it
doesn't matter if you beat this bill now, we have control of the education system and
your children. I probably read that quote like 25 times on air. It was in the Austin
American Statesman, doesn't matter, long term. It's all about dominating, all about, see
for the government type, that's how they move up. They move up by making you their slave.
TSA apologizes for harassing another wheelchair bound toddler. Yeah, they'll say get up. I'm
sorry, my son's a quadriplegic. Shut up, terrorist, get back. Stocks plunge as Fed members admit
that endless bond buying will not fix economy.
Sheriff responds to attacks over second revolution comments. We're gonna be getting to that,
it's powerful. Gun control was historically about repressing blacks. 20 signs the US economy
is headed towards big trouble in the months ahead. Really, you think so? Killing the dollar.
G20 and IMF push for global Fed, global currency, global government. As a solution, we did all
this on purpose. Give us more power, that'll fix it. And then huge online film festival
launched video at infowars.com.
That's just some of the news on infowars.com. We'll look at drudgereport.com. We'll look
at a bunch of other news. But I promise, let's go to your calls. I promise to go to calls
800-259-9231. We'll go to John, then Charles, then Sean, and then Chad, and then Casey,
and then to the news. Let's go to John in New Jersey. You're on the air, sir. Thank
you for holding.
Hey, Alex. Go ahead.
I just had some points to go through. I know you get very frustrated sometimes, and quite
frankly, so do I, because when I see people who are that asleep, where you can say something
that's out in the open, like the NDAA, for example, and they'll just come back at you
trying to sound so smart, and like they're so educated, and just spin something.
It's good to spray viruses on cutlets of meat. It's good to radiate it. It's good the Japanese
are now eating human poop turned into steaks. It's good they're putting cancer viruses in
the vaccines. I have articles where they're giving little kids flu shots and they're dying,
and then the government goes, we don't know why they're dying.
We're not gonna indict the parents. And then it comes out, they were injected a day before
with a flu shot. I mean, it's real simple. You take the flu shot, sometimes you die.
The stinking insert, the CDC's own site says it may kill you. But people are like, there's
no way they're killing us. That's my point. People say, how did the Germans put up with
what they put up with?
By successive approximation, by incrementalism. Sorry, go ahead.
No, yes, because basically, our problem as a country is we're too used to having everything
done for us, where people are at the point where they won't go out and actually read
the insert of the flu shot. They'll just take it because the establishment says to take
it. And people don't think that they need guns. Well, I've never needed it before. Well,
trust me, when this whole thing starts, you're gonna be pretty sorry if you don't have one.
And basically, everyone is too used to the fact that we haven't had a large-scale national
crisis in quite a while, to the point that everyone's just so lethargic now, which my
response to that would be, shouldn't we, in the whole liberty movement, be promoting things
more along the lines of-
No, no, that's it. But if we can get the yuppies, who are riding bikes every day and into all
that to show some energy about the Bill of Rights and Constitution that produced all
the wealth.
I mean, even if you're a cynical person that doesn't care about anybody, not having liberty
makes it a very bad place to live with no due process and where, horse meets the tip
of the iceberg. It's bad drugs, it's bad food, it's bad water, it's bad air by design. It's
a lying government that's already taken the pension funds, the money's already gone.
They're just getting martial law ready for when the shoe drops. That's another thing.
People are like, so what if the government has 2 billion rounds in training for gun confiscation?
I don't own guns, you idiots. What do you think? That's a civil war they're gearing
up for. That means an end to all of this. And they've taken down Argentina, they've
taken down Brazil, they've taken down Nigeria, they've taken down Greece.
They've taken down Spain, Portugal, once prosperous areas have protests with 5 million people
and burning buildings every week. And people starving to death and cops killing people
and it's not even news anymore. I want everybody to get it straight here. The globalists are
running revolutions worldwide. They're putting Al-Qaeda in. They will tear this country from
one end to the other and set offshore while it happens.
They've taught so many yuppies. They go, I don't care, kill the Iraqis, they're not human.
Do you think the globalists who don't think Iraqis are human think you're human either?
They respect them a lot more than your big lazy butt. They think he was a dumb animal
who they don't want to take care of anymore. You're like, but I work, they don't care.
They see the resources as theirs. They don't think you're human. They don't think you deserve
to live.
And here's my beef with the globalist. Maybe some of the public who wants to be slaves
and hear this, maybe they do deserve to be slaves. I don't, okay? I'm not gonna be a
slave. And the globalists say, well, you better join us. I'm not joining a bunch of people
that are into child sex slavery and stuff.
You people are evil. I'm not joining the big crowd of lazy, self-propelled stomachs. And
I'm not joining the New World Order either. I want my republic back. And that happens
by cutting all these people off welfare, and making everybody tough, and cutting the corporate
welfare off, and arresting these globalists, and hanging their asses high.
I appreciate your call. Excuse me. And I mean, after due process, jury trials everything.
Espionage. We need to make an example. I'd be more than happy if the globalists are kicked
out to give them amnesty and let them leave.
But what country would take the New World Order minions? All right, let's go ahead and
talk to Charles in Florida. Charles, thanks for holding her on the air.
Hey, what's up, my brother? How you doing? Good.
I just wanna talk to you about the WWE and PlayStation 4. I'm a big martial arts fan.
I've been watching the WWE since I was two years old. And just noticing it now, but they
've done with Jack Swagger. They've been laying the groundwork for about 15 years to demonize
Patriots and anyone who just identifies himself as an American national.
It started with Kurt Angle, cuz he started back in 1999. He's really just the basic same
gimmick as Jack Swagger. All American American, American hero, American wrestler. And he's
been a heel. When he first started, he was a heel. That's a bad guy. And he turned to
a baby face because the crowd, they were so into him cuz he was so talented.
But Jack Swagger started about five, six years ago. And he's always been a heel. He's never
been a good guy ever. So I mean, with his new gimmick coming back, he came back about
three weeks ago. He was supposed to be a good guy, but they changed their mind cuz all of
a sudden, they decided to turn Alberto Del Rio, who was a bad guy since he started, overnight
he was a good guy.
Cuz he was a baby face, so I mean, they didn't. Well, no, I mean, there's nothing worse than
a white person. And so obviously, he's the new bad guy who wants sovereignty, and then
he's gonna be defeated by the loving Mexican. And this is to admit, cuz a lot of people
that watch wrestling watch it for the entertainment, it is very funny, interesting.
But others, there are people there who think it's real, and this creates that background
and then they go, all the problems in America are the Mexicans. And that's obviously not
true. So then it discredits that if we want any sovereignty and don't want a North American
Union to be totally imploded, Mexico's imploding, then you hate all Mexicans.
When Mexicans that are Americans had any sense, which a lot of them do, they'd say, wait a
minute, Mexico's imploding. It doesn't help Mexicans to bring them here and lower all
our wages. We need to get Mexico back as a free country. And so it's purely meant to
create division and people say, Alex, it's just entertainment. They admit the Department
of Justice and Defense and the Globalist fund these anti-patriot, anti-veteran.
I wanna say that again, the Department of Justice and Defense fund anti-patriot military
messages because they hate the veterans, because they're not under their control anymore. I
mean, this is treasonous, this is ridiculous. Obviously, the bad guys demonize the veterans,
the bad guys demonize George Washington, the bad guys demonize the family, the bad guys
push abortion, the bad guys push socialism. And look what the media pushes, including
Fox News Corp properties who claim they're so conservative.
If Rupert Murdoch was a real conservative, he brags, we have the promo video where he's
the chairman, he's the president of News Corp. We played it many years ago. Call Paul Watson,
it's so old, he'll know how to find it. It's something like News Corp promotes carbon taxes,
and they brag. Here are all of our current lineup of shows promoting the carbon taxes
and carbon footprint and bringing in the new green economy. And they show all the shows
they're doing it.
See, they have to control the conservative movement. They have to be loyal opposition.
Do you understand that?
Right, right, you're correct. The thing is, if the WAV, I mean, I will say since the Iraq
war, they have been the ground floor for anything that's propaganda. If it's propaganda, they're
gonna do it, especially in the last four years when Linda started her campaign.
They would just straight up, the commercials, they would be two hours straight just entertainment.
But four years ago, they just started, they go to commercial in the match, here's propaganda,
the WWE is with the troops. We just stopped the whole show, we wanna thank the troops
for everything they're doing.
No, it's part of living in a North Korean society. It doesn't mean thank the troops,
they thank the police state, they thank the global empire. They thank the New World Order
to get you ready for troops on the streets.
Kentucky Derby, NFL, troops as the security, armed troops, they're getting us ready. I
really appreciate your call, sir. And again, whoever that guy is with Jack Swaggart, his
manager, the other actor, has a red Yosemite Sam, Zeb Coulter has a red Yosemite Sam mustache
and he's short like Yosemite Sam. And he goes, I hate rabbits, I hate Mexicans.
I mean, they directly, I know when the behind the scenes meetings are like, you will now
start looking like Yosemite Sam, or you look like Yosemite Sam, you'll go out and do this.
And it's the full, you've got Karl Rove saying, open the borders, world government, socialism
is good. The Tea Party is evil and it's weak and it's dead and it's over.
And you've got the same thing coming out of the WWE. That's because the Tea Party is the
only hope. The ideas of the real Tea Party, the real libertarian constitutional rediscovery
of America. We need 1498 part douche. We'll be right back with Sean and others.
Introducing pro wine, all of your filtration in one system, portable on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid, advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics, advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your pro pure with
the new pro one filters today at mfallwarstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Don't throw away leftovers. Instead, throw all your leftovers, vegetable peels, eggshells,
coffee grounds, pizza crusts, and more into the Bokashi. If you love to garden and compost
but don't like the hassle of turning a compost bin or the smell, then check out the EM Bokashi
Food Waste Recycling System from Terreganics. Finally, a way to recycle all your food and
plant waste safely and effectively and stop using fertilizers. The EM Bokashi Food Waste
Recycling System. Rather than decomposition, the Bokashi system uses fermentation to break
down waste so it takes less time to create nutrient-dense humus for crops or gardens
with no turning and no obnoxious odors. To learn more and order your Bokashi online,
visit terreganics.com and click on the orange button. That's terreganics.com, spelled T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X.com
or call 866-369-3678. That's 866-369-3678. Recycle all your food wastes in about six
weeks with the Bokashi Food Waste Recycling System from terreganics.com. Terreganics.
Life's getting better.
Naggin' constipation, hemorrhoids, or painful bowel movements? Have you considered your
toilet posture? The colon needs proper alignment for faster, more effective elimination. And
that's exactly what you'll get with a Squatty Potty. Not a cleanse or a pill, the Squatty
Potty is a healthy step in the right direction, is doctor-recommended, and starts at just
$34.95. Call 855-628-1099 or go to squattypotty.com, spelled S-Q-U-A-T-T-Y potty dot com. Squatty
Potty, healthy colon, happy life.
Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered why banks, stock workers, investment advisors
won't talk about gold IRAs? They've been available since 1986, yet the financial industry won't
recognize the value of gold for your retirement. Gold has outperformed paper investments, yet
no word about IRAs. If you would like to have gold for your retirement, call 800-686-2237.
Don't get left behind by rising inflation and low returns, call 800-686-2237. Secure
your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
It's an MRE Smorgasbord at longlifefood.com. In 1983, Long Life Food Depot was one of the
first to sell MRE pouches to the public and we're still selling them almost 30 years later.
Today, Long Life Food Depot has the world's most complete MRE online buffet because MREs
are all we do. Tasty varieties of chicken, beef, salmon and pasta entrees, plus sandwiches
and our easy to use pouches. Full moisture, long shelf life and ready to eat hot or cold.
We sell by the pouch or case so the choices are endless and so are the graduated quantity
discounts. The more you buy, the more you save. Call 800-601-2833 or go to longlifefood.com
to join our email list for upcoming announcements like the Roll Away Food Pod. Plus, enjoy fast
and free shipping. Just call 800-601-2833 or visit longlifefood.com. Emergency preparedness,
emergency relief, longlifefood.com since 1983, sending real food to your real future.
All right, let's try to jam in a lot of calls here. We'll be getting to quite a few today
actually. Big news coverage, news reading blitz and analysis in the next segment and
then followed by more of your calls. We've got a special Infowars Nightly News coming
up tonight, 7 o'clock central. The destination is prisonplanet.tv. Let's talk to Sean from
New York, New York City. Go ahead, sir.
How are you doing, Mr. Jones? I wanted to talk to you about some things that are fundamental.
When I try to explain to people about an elite globalist agenda, most of the time they're
going to associate it with Illuminati. And the thing is, is that they want to know who
are these people? But actually I've read some investigations and I read that once you sit
through that bureaucracy and those subsidiaries and the parent companies and the mega corporations
and the conglomerates and the monopolies that there's owners and maybe there's a handful
of people, maybe less than 200 people that actually own everything.
No, you're right. There are less than 200 and they're busy trying to make us totally
poor not to control us, but so they can get us in a position to then kill us. I mean,
and they write all these publications saying they're going to do it. I mean, guys type
in Rockefeller and others, rich, mean and secret to discuss overpopulation and it was
all over the news.
Well, yeah, they're setting up a global government to reduce population. And then the average
yuppie goes, there are too many people. Yeah, dummy and they're putting poison in your water,
you moron. Stop imagining you're part of the controllers killing people, reflected glory.
I'm part of it. I agree with the plan, then kill yourself. I don't wanna die and I'm not
signed on to this plan.
Not in my name. I don't wanna go to hell. And even if you don't believe in hell, my
gut doesn't like hurting innocent people. So I'm not signed on to it. I hate certain
innocent people. All right, I'm sorry. Go ahead, Dashawn.
Yeah, so it seems as if they control everything and their family lineage is on top of that
hierarchy and I just continue. But I know that you talk a lot about the left and the
right. And it's just so happened that I have heard about Obama when he won the candidacy
to be a Democrat versus Hillary Clinton or where Bilderberg was in town at that time.
And I remember that they were all in the press plane and he may have secretly met with Bilderberg
with Hillary Clinton when he was elected.
No, I know, I was there. Imagine, it's one of the biggest stories in America. Where is
Hillary? Where's Obama? They disappeared for a day. I'm there, Secret Service, Marines
guarding him, Chantilly, Virginia. I call Fox, CNN, local channels. No one, no one covered
it.
No one covered it but the Epoch Times. And then I think Drudge linked to that, that there
was a Bilderberg meeting. But Epoch Times was like, well, we don't know they're in there.
I'm like, no, we have sources. No, the Secret Service drove by and aimed MP5 machine guns
at us. Hillary and Obama are there. Imagine, you know where they are. The media knew too,
but they didn't wanna show the Bilderberg meeting.
So the media showed what good little minions they were. That's why they may have Bilderberg.
It's always three years in Europe, one year in the US or Canada, North America. Now they
may have it the same place this year because other media, they don't even have control
in Europe. And people where there were literal torches in Switzerland. So again, America
is so controlled that the only media that covered it this last year in Virginia was
infoawards.com, prisonplanet.com, drudgerport.com, and Foreign News, London Guardian.
But again, that's why the mainstream media has hardly any readers now. It doesn't matter
if they lie and won't say it's happening. I'm sorry, go ahead.
Yeah, so it did appear that he vanished at that time. But I try to stress to people,
it doesn't matter if it's Obama or if it's Romney is controlled under the same thing,
these financiers and the finances and the bankers and they're controlling the politics
and the military.
And that's what I got to say about it.
Hi, thank you for having me on. You're doing a wonderful thing, Mr. Jones. Hopefully we
can follow you a lot more and do the rest. If you don't mind me giving just a little
bit of two quotes from the Bible and then I will give you a thing. I would love it.
Do I have your permission?
Yeah, we're going to break in a minute, but just start your point now. Go ahead.
OK, then, for thee ought to say, if the Lord will, we shall live and do this or that. But
now ye rejoice in the boastings. All such rejoicing is evil. Therefore, to him that
knoweth to do good and does not do it, to him it is sin. And now for my actual point,
my wife is an illegal alien. I'm a U.S. citizen. Hold on. Stay there. I'm going to come back
to you on the other side of this quick break. Get your take on that. Then I'll get to some
news and more of your calls.
We're on the march. The Empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN will warn you.
Your freedoms are on the line. The Second Amendment is in danger. How soon before your
freedoms are taken away? What can you not live without? What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns? Is it your home? No, it's food. It all boils down to the food supply.
Tyrannical governments control people by controlling their food supply. Don't be dependent. Be
self-sufficient. Don't wait for the government to feed you. Feed yourself. I can warn you,
but I can't feed you. Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from e Foods Direct.
It's the best long-term, storable food on the planet. Get the popular Mega Patriot Pack
free, a 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot and fuel. Call 800-409-5633 or go
to efoodsdirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot Packs free with purchase.
Build your food supply, be in control, be self-sufficient and be a patriot. Call 800-409-5633
or efoodsdirect.com slash Alex and get your free Patriot Pack today.
It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus can inflict severe
damage in the human body. Fortunately, a new and vastly improved silver solution has been
developed. Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary broad-spectrum antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal
solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin. Supernatural Silver
is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers. Using a patented technology that
is highly effective against colds, flus, infections, food poisoning and yeast in addition to many
other pathogens. Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe and is the number
one choice of thousands of people for immune system support. Find out how Supernatural
Silver could change your life. Go to supernaturalsilver.com and use the promo code healthy for 20% off.
Visit supernaturalsilver.com and like us on Facebook.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Bend Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Okay, let me go back to this caller then I
need to get into some more of the news and then back into your calls. But we did find
the I guess three minute video from 2006 with News Corp putting out an internal promo video
to themselves about good job writers and workers. We're propagandizing people effectively.
That's the thing with the public. I'm like, hey, the Department of Defense and the Department
of Justice is paying to have anti-gun messages in TV shows. Yeah, right. Next you're gonna
tell me there's horse meat in these TV dinners. Next you're going to tell me that aspartame
is bad. Next you're going to say we might want to watch the government. Everybody knows
you do whatever the government says. That's common sense. America was founded on socialism
and the end of the family. Hi, I listen to NPR. Hi, I'm Janet Napolitano, head of Homeland
Security. Trust no one but the government. So that's coming up. That can shut up long
enough. Let's go ahead and go back to who was I just talking to Chad? Chad, go ahead,
sir. You were saying your wife isn't illegal. Go ahead.
Yeah, basically wanted to find out is my research into the Constitution and understanding it
really our government only has the right to say if you're a citizen or not, not on the
borders. And I do think that it is a thing that needs to be addressed and I'm not against.
Well, here's the issue that because of sham marriages, they make it super hard. And if
you're European, they make it almost impossible to immigrate here because they've got deals
with Europe to keep good tax slaves there. They only bring in poor, uneducated workers,
whether they be white, Hispanic, black, Asian from around the world to drive down wages.
That's the main immigrant force. The corporations are clear on that. And to be a political arm.
So I mean, if you're an illegal alien from Mexico and flaunt things are in the right
group, you're above the law. But if you've got a woman you're really married to, what
is it like five years it takes or whatever of you guys together last time I checked to
really prove.
Well, I mean, I'm sure you're an expert on it. I mean, you're married. It's really your
wife. How long you been married? We've been married for seven years and definitely a very
big witness to the sham of our immigration system. Because one of the reasons why we're
having problems is the fact that we actually told the truth.
And because of that, now we're this oddity case that we can't have anything go forward.
No, of course. No, no, no, no. It's all done on purpose. The entire system is meant. If
you walked in like Acorn or they've done it in social security offices and I'm running
child slaves, I'm shipping them in crates bound.
I want to give you part of that money. And they're like, hey, let's say I run the black
up right now. Yeah, it's a fantastic job. Yeah, just make sure you got them in the school.
These little kids are pimping out. How old are they? Oh, they're ten years old. Good.
Yeah, we'll help you with that.
As long as you're hardcore criminal gangster, you're going to Valhalla, son. I mean, this
whole system is run by criminals for criminals. That's what I'm telling you. This isn't just
rhetoric. The government's now converted to tyranny. They've got lots of Dudley Doo rights
that, you know, write you tickets and, you know, take your kid or whatever.
Who really think they're doing good for America? I hate lawbreakers. But meanwhile, the real
lawbreakers are running things and I'm sorry to hear that's happened to you. So what's
your final question?
Well, my, my, my, actually it's a final statement of things to do. Really people go out and
befriend everyone and even especially the law, the law enforcement and that to show
them that you are human. You are a person. There is a reason for you to treat the globalist
minions like they're a criminal and like when they've kidnapped a kid, you go, we love little
Jenny.
Here's her dog spot. Her grandmother is crying. She's a human being. Please, if you're, if
you haven't killed her yet, please let her go. Just let her go. Now that works with some
criminals who are kind of mentally ill and twisted. The psychopaths enjoy it more. But
yeah, so begging them the wrong ones, they'll get all demonic looking and have a demon feed
off of that, a psychic vampire feed.
But some of them you can actually get to. But I notice a lot of them acting, you know,
saying I'm human. They go, I know and I'm not. Because, you know, their spirit's going
straight to hell. They're already in hell. They already love it.
Not to fight, but to show, show that your character is of godly nature, that you love.
But it does not mean that we do not fight this.
Although the best thing to do, the best thing to do is fight the New World Order. Fight
them, laugh at them, spit at them, degenerate filth and scum and ugly and weak. They'll
be overrun in the end and they will fail. That's what you need to do. That's what they,
because they already know it.
They already know their place has been prepared. All right, I appreciate your call, Chad. All
right, let's take one more while I settle down. One more while I settle down. Let's
talk to Casey in Georgia. Casey, you're on the air.
Hey, Alex. Hey, buddy.
Let me get on speaker, one sec. All right. How you doing, partner?
Yeah, I got a YouTube video about what happened to me last night. I'm going to say the title
real quick. It's Georgia Car Lemon Fire.
Well-
Georgia Fire what?
Oh, Georgia Car Lemon Fire.
Georgia Car Lemon Fire.
Georgia.
Georgia Fire Lemon Fire.
Oh, that's Georgia Car Lemon Fire. Sorry about that.
That's almost like a brainwashing term. Georgia Fire Lemon Lemon. I'm sorry. All right, will
you guys go find that? I'm sorry, go ahead, sir.
All right, well anyway, this car caught fire right next to my convenience store last night
and I was at my house and I rushed out with my fire extinguisher and I put it out. When
I go spray it back a second time, the officer says, somebody grab that man, do you want
to be arrested?
Oh yeah, you don't have slaves. Pretty soon you'll be arrested for trying to wipe your
own hind end and I'm not kidding. I mean, they would have toilet safety police if they
could directly out of South Park. And that's the message of government. You're a lowdown
scum. You're not allowed to protect yourself while your wife's being raped with your fist
in England.
If you fight the guy off, they will throw you in prison for a decade. And that's their
message. Because they're criminals, at least the people you're dealing with. They have
a criminal mindset. The nanny state doesn't let kids run at school now. Do you understand
that? So tell us what happened.
Well after that, I stepped back and I started filming and well, about 14 minutes into the
video, he comes back up and he says that he's sorry. Well, he kind of says he's sorry in
an imperious way. And he said, well, I told him I was well within my rights to put out
that fire. It's going to burn down my family's store, our livelihood, our income. But more
than that, I've been having trouble with the city here because my-
How dare you try to run a business to pay them money, you filth. You filth. You filth.
You filth.
Yeah, we do get quite a bit of our money.
They're going to get more too, boy. Obama going to do more. Anyway, so yes, we now see
the video. Shot sideways, I like that camera angle, that's cinematic. Tell us what else
happened.
Well, not too much happened. Like I said, he comes up and he, there's a good little
quote there, you might be able to make a meme out of somebody, but he comes up and he kind
of apologizes and at the end of it all, we're all right. He's a local guy, but he was imperious
and he wasn't in the right to tell me that he'd arrest me for putting out a fire on my
own property. And I told him as such.
Well, it's hard to believe that the progeny of people that carved out a continent might
be able to put out a fire. Man, you're sick. What's wrong with you? Only someone in a uniform,
nobody's thinking like to wear a uniform to be able to swim. I mean, literally be able
to walk.
It'll only people that have uniforms be able to walk. Maybe they'll chop our legs off at
birth and say, only if your legs are chopped off, you know, or if you have a uniform, you're
allowed to have legs. How's that sound?
No, that's, well, I don't want, I'm never going to wear a uniform. So anyway, sir, do
you have a license? Have you been properly trained to brush your teeth?
No, I'm afraid not. I was just, I don't know, kindergarten they taught us that? That's the
last time I remember that.
So government did teach you how to do that?
Oh, I guess you-
What about picking your nose? They teach you that as well?
No, that might have come from instinct, come from God.
Man, this is evil, what I'm hearing right now. Whoa, you mean from the state, you just
said God?
No, no, no, not-
Did you just engage in sacrilegious blasphemy? Did you just say the state wasn't God?
No, no, no, not this guy. I know who I serve, I served you.
Well there, that's why you're evil.
Well anyway, the planning and zoning guy, just last year, he, one of my sister tried
to pick up this house behind it. He said our property was condemned. He just said it was
condemned and hoped we wouldn't fight it. But I bought it and I found out that they
do this sort of informal condemnation where they just refuse to issue building permits.
No, no, they're God. They take people's kids for not taking vaccines. There's no law. They
forcibly inject kids with no law. Kid dies, they arrest you even though they know they
killed your kid, cuz they're God.
LA sends me letters going, we want $1,200 cuz somebody hung up an info war sign. And
I'm like, well, what if it's an Obama sign? You're gonna charge him? I go, you don't have
any citation, any proof that I did that, any fact. And they just go, okay, the fine's gonna
double, well, good.
And they're like, go ahead and sue us. We'll just use taxpayer money to pay it off. They
don't care. They want to take everything down. It's all about they're in charge.
Now the planning and zoning officer, he come from the Department of Community Affairs in
Atlanta. And the Department of Community Affairs, when I was doing my research yesterday, they
are the ones who give out the grants for them from the feds. They also are the ones who
give out the grants for the fluoride, so I'm tempted to file open records pressed on them.
Sir, the health departments were set up in the 1890s in England. And by 1900 here, Rockefeller
Foundation, Carnegie Endowment, all of it. And it was set up for, quote, racial hygiene.
And at the Nuremberg trials, about half the defense was quoting out of the Margaret Sanger
Planned Parenthood, Eugenics Society, Kaiser Wilhelm Institute, Rockefeller Brothers Foundation.
Because the Nazis just did what they were taught to do. They just said Germans are only
good, or Aryans, everybody else is dead. The globalists say everybody's dead. It's their
job to make sure you get cancer and die. I know that sounds incredibly radical. It is,
reality's crazy.
Appreciate your call. Let's get to some news. Look at this article. I'm gonna cover this
first cuz this ties into how we awaken, how we take America back. Sheriff responds to
attacks. We have a document camera right on this bad boy right here for TV viewers. Right
here is the document camera, thank you.
Sheriff responds to attacks over Second Amendment comments. The American people will decide
when to push back, not me. And here is the Milwaukee Journal, Sheriff David Clark defends
appearance on conspiracy laden show. So now if we talk about our right, talk about the
Bill of Rights, talk about the Constitution, neurotically document everything, this is
a pejorative.
This would be like 100 years ago saying, don't listen to that guy saying he's got rights
and we cheated him. He's an N word. Or it'd be like in India with the untouchables. Don't
listen to what that guy said. I didn't steal anything from him. He's an untouchable. He's
a conspiracy theorist. He's somebody that isn't a chump. He's somebody that doesn't
believe known liars. He's somebody that's informed. He's somebody that gets things done.
He's somebody that built his own media empire. No, no, no, it's just, no, he's somebody that's
broken thousands of big stories. No, he's just that nobody. And the Tea Party's dead
and the Drudge Report's dead.
I've been seeing that headline for ten years. The Drudge Report's dead as the traffic goes
up and up and up as it gets more and more influential, the most influential. They have
articles every week. Drudge Report's dead. Drudge Report's dead. Drudge Report's dead.
Mark Twain's dead. Well, he is now, but back then, Mark Twain's dead. Mark Twain's dead.
Rumors of my death have been greatly exaggerated. Alex Jones is dead. Alex Jones is discredited.
Alex Jones is all over while we go straight up. They celebrate themselves. They're a bunch
of con artists. So anyways, Sheriff David Clark defends appearance on conspiracy-laden
show. See, and I love how the sheriff says, I didn't know I had to talk to you to be allowed
to have an opinion or a view.
Let me read from the Infowars.com story that's got the quote saying, you read the full article.
Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clark Jr. has defended his comments on the Alex Jones show
earlier this week under criticism from local reporters who said his remarks that strict
gun legislation could lead to a second American Revolution were inflammatory, trying to take
our guns as inflammatory, trying to blame us for dead kids as inflammatory.
Looks like somebody ran somebody over with a tractor. You're gonna take all the John
Deere tractors away? No, the tractor didn't do it. Clark told Jones listeners that he
would consider any federal order to confiscate guns as an act of tyranny. He also said, I
don't wanna get shot, he's not stupid, and said that he would refuse to enforce it in
the county.
You don't like this, do you, that we're now having this discussion, do you? See, we win,
we force the initiative, we go on the offense and make you respond to us. You don't control
reality anymore, you viper. Let's continue. I believe that if somebody tried to enforce
something of that magnitude, you would see the second coming of an American Revolution,
the likes of which would make the first revolution pale with comparison, the sheriff urged.
That comment did not sit well with hacks at the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, who accused
Clark of engaging in attention-grabbing media appearances on a conspiracy-peddling radio
show. In a piece which we'll not link to, clearly designed to draw some much-needed
readership from M4's audience, be nice, call Steve up and have him linked to that. I think
it's comical to see him burning in flames politically. In a piece, the quote is on to
draw some much-needed readership from M4's audience, one reporter makes several baiting
remarks about Alex Jones while extensively quoting from our article on Sheriff Clark's
comments earlier this week.
She's the mainstream media that never links, we will link. I know why Steve did that, but
it's a way to point that out. I get it's a literary flourish, but let's link to them.
We don't know how long their publication will be around anyways. When the Sentinel reporter
questioned Clark's appearance in his comments, the sheriff responded in an email stating,
I don't know, I needed your approval. I love that, cuz they're like, why are you on the
show?
Well, I didn't know I needed your approval. When did people stop being entitled to their
opinion, asked the sheriff. On the topic of the second revolution, comments Clark told
the newspaper, I'm sure in 1776, the idea seemed way out there, too, at the time. And
what a smart guy, man, I really like these sheriffs. These patriot sheriffs are like
only talk shows.
The sheriff wrote, the American people will decide when to push back, not me. That's right,
that's right. You've been pushing on us long enough, New World Order, and we're sick of
being pushed around. I don't care how many sitcoms, how many dramas, how many shows you've
got demonizing red-blooded good people.
Or how many times you say we killed the kids at Sandy Hook. Or how many times CNN says
I supported Chris Dorner when everybody knows I didn't. Or how many times you say the US
attacked Russia, that I said that, I didn't say that. You are discredited. Call me a conspiracy
theorist cuz I know all your tricks.
Call me that, call me that, call me that. Keep calling me that all day. I love it. That's
only trick you got. People are a joke. I was interviewed by CNN poster Piers Morgan. Now
there's a guy with some whacked out views, Clark also wrote an email. I've done dozens
of interviews over the simple 30 second radio ad Clark told the Journal Sentinel.
And folks, if the crime rate is going up in Milwaukee because of police being laid off
and because they got gun control going on there. And he wants to keep the county safe.
What do you say? You say, folks, time to get firearms training, protect yourself. I mean,
that is no brainer. That should not be radical. That is common sense. But they wanna tell
us we're radical.
I mean, we've had people march up to us on the streets of Austin and say, you've got
too many kids. It's happened in Whole Foods. It's like, listen, you're a radical jackass.
Get out of my face. You sick freak cult member. You eugenics punk. Well, there are too many
people that go home and blow your brains out. You don't do that. Go home and take a bunch
of pills. You eugenics loving pieces of filth. Get out of my planet.
Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system portable on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid.
Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one
filter element. It is the only one that does it and out of the gates. We have a discounted
at 10% off with promo code water. This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce
or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine. Hydrofluorosolic acid,
the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium
hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with a new Pro One filter today at infowarstore.com
or by calling 888-253-3139.
In the US, one in every 50 homes will have a break in this year. Burglars call it smash
and grab. Police call it robbery. We call it avoidable. We are fake TV, a simple electronic
device that can fool even professional burglars. Fake TV easily plugs into any outlet and simulates
the changing colors of a television. To a burglar, it looks like someone must be home
watching TV, so they'll likely move on to an easier target. At only $34.95, fake TV
costs less than a month of most alarm monitoring plants and it's perfect if you're traveling
or away from home. Order your fake TV by calling 877-5FAKETV or go to faketv.com. That's 877-532-5388
or faketv.com. Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
We all know that Berkey water purification systems are the most trusted name in water
filtration. As an authorized Berkey dealer for over six years and serving thousands of
satisfied customers, the Berkey Guy offers amazing specials for Berkey water filtration
systems. The Berkey light systems include a set of self-sterilizing and re-cleanable
black purification elements that purify water by removing chlorine, pathogenic bacteria,
cysts and parasites to non-detectable levels and remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides
and pesticides. Order the Berkey light system today complete with two black Berkey elements
for only $231 and the Berkey Guy will ship your order free of charge. With the purchase
of a Berkey light, the Berkey Guy is also offering a set of fluoride and arsenic filters
for only $39.99. That's over 30% off the retail price. Call the Berkey Guy at 1-877-886-3653.
That's 1-877-886-3653 or order online at GoBerkey.com. That's GoBerkey.com today.
This planet belongs to people that want to build a better civilization and have a great
future for our progeny, who love life. And all of you that say it's your planet, you're
protecting it by trying to reduce the population and trying to save the Earth. You're the people
with all the open air genetic engineering, toxic waste dumping, all the super science
experiments you're doing that may destroy the planet. I've studied it and you're the
danger.
Now this is from like five years ago, almost six years ago, a News Corp internal promo
video bragging to their people how they're propagandizing everybody. So the public understands
folks, everything you see, around 90% of it. There are some shows that are independently
authorized to go out, and still those get taken over and twisted. Because I've been
involved with them, conspiracy things like that, conspiracy theory with Ventura.
And if something's good, they just won't let it air. So it's hard to get something good
on air, but certainly most of it is paid for new world order trash. And here they are on
the environmental front to scare everybody into global carbon taxes to fund the world
government that's being openly announced again today.
Here is News Corp, the folks demonizing the Tea Party. One host will be, the Tea Party's
good, the other, no, they're bad. And then they'll laugh about, look, Jack Swaggart is
saying the Tea Party's racist. And then just make it a joke. They're loyal opposition,
here's that clip.
I want to set an example to others in our industry and other industries that no matter
what the size of your carbon footprint is, you can make a difference.
How does that roll on record?
Global warming.
Probably.
Press button to see what global warming will do in the next three years.
Three years is a long ways away.
What could we do on a practical level to start making a difference?
To pay.
Just had another thought.
Megabank's one.
What if The Scared Straight Show had a green message to it?
The biggest thing we've done is inserting messages about the environment into some of
our content.
I don't follow.
Green, it means environmentally friendly.
The lifeblood of our company is the quality of our TV shows, and we would accomplish nothing
if we compromised that quality.
Going green doesn't fit with the rest of the show.
Work your magic, make it fit.
Hey Brian, I'm not going to recycle this aluminum can, I'm just going to throw it in the trash.
Ha! You're Earth's bitch.
The most powerful way that we could communicate the commitment on behalf of our company was
to change the practices within the production, as well as work in a message about global
warming.
Alright, let's stop right there.
Environmental changes and about.
If I have time tomorrow, I'll play more of it.
If you go up to Infowars.com, we're launching Operation Paul Revere, you got two more months
to make your short film or long film, and win $115,000, but your entries are going to
be featured on Infowars.com, on our YouTube channel, on the Nightly News, so it's a film
festival.
I mean, this is the equivalent of the Cannes Film Festival or something, it's so big.
It will get media attention.
Make a film about liberty and fighting tyranny, fiction, non-fiction, whatever.
You can win $115,000, three prizes, $100,000, $10,000, $5,000.
And then the top people that enter, even if you don't win, you get a shot at working at
Infowars.com and Alex Jones producing your films, your feature films.
So it's on.
That's up at Infowars.com, huge online film festival launch, new special report, 20 minutes
long with myself and David Knight.
And it's also for people to follow the rules.
We've got a lot of great entries, but most of them don't follow the basic rules that
you can figure out.
Of course, we'll get the very best entries right up.
Got two more months, let me see, March and then April, April 30th, got to be in.
I have two months to judge them, play them on air, play clips, and it's going to be very,
very exciting.
And part of that, Infowars.com forward slash contest, Infowars.com forward slash contest.
And David Knight is hon showing the overall contest.
I am judging it, but I'll also take the viewer's feedback.
Thank you for listening to GCN, visit GCNlive.com today.
