Big Brother, Mainstream Media, Government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
It is the 25th day of March, 2013, on this Monday edition. I am your host, Alex Jones,
and we are going to be live here for the next three hours. I've been watching cable, so-called
television news, listening to local radio with syndicated news. And they're announcing,
hey, Cyprus got the help they needed. The EU and central banks came to their aid, and
they got a bailout, aren't they lucky? Not, they're rioting all over the country and burning
things down. There's a compromise, the top 40% will have 10% or more taken out of their
bank account.
And that's causing investment to flee the country, which causes it to implode further,
so the globalists can come in and buy it up for pennies on the dollar. Nowhere in our
news, nowhere that I could see on television news, was it made a point of watching some
of it to see if it was taking place. In financial news, on CNBC, on Fox News Radio, nowhere
now are they talking about taking money out of people's bank accounts.
And that it's being transferred to the EU to prop up derivatives. It is just absolutely
incredible that Iceland and Greece and all these other countries, 90 plus percent of
their debt is not their debt. They've been signed on to this system, they've been signed
on to all of the different derivatives.
And it's the same thing here, and that's what's going on, that's what's happening. We've got
a big stack of news on that front that we're gonna be covering. We've also got Boris Berevasky,
the big anti-Putin guy, found dead in his bathroom. And the police just instantly said
it's natural causes, no autopsy needed, that's when you know something's suspicious.
Cuz it takes bare minimum of a week or so to get an autopsy properly done and all the
toxicology exams back. When you instantly, within hours, or in Breitbart, 45 minutes,
I checked the time, about 45 minutes, they're saying nothing to worry about, not foul play,
heart attack, heart attack.
As soon as you hear that, I mean, this guy had a scarf lying beside him, even leave the
murder weapon. And he'd said that Putin was after him, but it could have been another
globalist faction killing him to steal the tens of billions he had ferreted away and
hid in different places.
We're gonna be breaking that down. And now it's one of the biggest stories in the country.
It's up at DrudgeReport.com, the big top link right now. If you're listening and rebroadcast
later, it may have scrolled down the page or you can always find it at Infowars.com.
360,000 more rounds on top of the two plus billion and 15 members of Congress have now
asked to see details and have been told to basically go fly a kite, jump in the lake.
Well, that's a nice way to put it. And so this arms buildup, they said there are no
armored vehicles, there are no bullets.
And in fact, they're in US News and World Report denying bullet purchases. In fact,
it's the headline out of US News and World Report is that there just are no bullet purchases
and so we should all just move along.
The point is there's a total paramilitary buildup against the American people. And by
the way, I am for gun control. I don't think government should be deploying tanks and armored
vehicles and checkpoints and heavy machine guns and drones while saying they want our
guns.
So yes, you've got all these government abuses throughout history. You've got this government
abusing people over and over again. Isn't it time to talk about government sensible,
reasonable gun control? Because the Austin police chief says, ban gun shows basically.
Don't allow private transfers, can't buy your grandson a gun.
Basically registration. He's up there testifying in Congress. I guess his communist training
in Cuba is coming through. He swears he's not a communist and loves liberty. But that's
pretty authoritarian art, Acevedo. But he was up there with the Clintonistas and the
Obamanoids calling for that and saying you don't need a semi-auto to protect yourself.
Well, then cops don't. I want the police to turn their semi-autos in right now if we don't
need them to defend ourselves. They don't either.
If you're listening, you know, your basic freedoms are being threatened every day. If
you're listening, you know, the economy is not getting better. You know, gas and food
prices are skyrocketing. Now is the time to get prepared. For years, we've told you about
our friends at E Foods Direct. They have the best tasting long term storable food on the
planet. This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long
term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing
you need most. Be prepared and get your supply from E Foods Direct. Right now is the best
time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give
yourself peace of mind and be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com
slash Alex. Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go
to efoodsdirect.com slash Alex. You can bet your life on E Foods Direct. Now that we have
moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our immunity and
health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full
selection of silver based products. Our most popular silver based products are the 32 ounce
nano silver solutions, our 2 ounce nano silver nasal applicators as well as our all natural
silver soaps. Just released is our 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver gel is not based
on synthetic gelling agents which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface.
But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using a natural skin nourishing chemistry
of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more
effectively. Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver
based products are best for you. That's www.silverlungs.com. Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration
in one system portable on the go. No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce
sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolicic
acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one
filter element. It is the only one that does it and out of the gates. We have it discounted
at 10% off with promo code water. This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce
or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid,
the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium
hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with the new Pro One filters today at infowarskstore.com
or by calling 888-253-3139. Defending the Republic from enemies foreign
and domestic, it is Alex Jones. It is Monday, the 25th day of March 2013. I am your host
Alex Jones. We are going to be here live for the next three hours. Again, thank you so
much for joining us. Well, you have got a global cartel of private banks that have taken
over Europe, taken over the United States and most of the world now and they are openly
saying that we need to not be able to take a hot bath or hot shower under the UN regulations
and that we need to not have a car and that we are using too much energy and that we need
to live in 250 square foot apartments and they are saying all over the US and Europe
they are going to raise taxes to the point of where you have to live in a 250 square
foot apartment or it is impossible to pay the taxes.
That is going in San Francisco, New York, Germany is doing it countrywide. It is all
part of the United Nations Industrial Development Organization plan and treaties and agreements
from the 50s, 60s and 70s that are the root of Agenda 21 codified into world government
regulatory law in 1992 in Rio de Janeiro and this is why they are raising the taxes.
This is why they are creating regulations that make it impossible to have a new business
operate successfully, especially in manufacturing in the West. They are now going to shut down
the service industry as well. They want you totally bankrupted so that you will then have
to comply in the social engineering to the government jobs and the select globalist corporate
jobs that are able to hire because they are exempt from all of the regulations, the carbon
regulations, the offshoring regulations, all of it.
This is the planned deindustrialization and then if you dare try to operate oil refineries
or coal mining operations or steel production in the United States, Europe, England, Australia,
New Zealand, Canada, you name it, you will be assaulted and sued as Obama promised to
do, quote, to bankrupt coal. If you ever wonder why you hear such demonization of the Koch
brothers, it's because they are some of the biggest factory owners in the United States
and because they are the biggest coal mining and refining outfit in the United States.
And they keep the lights on. Do I romanticize that and think they're angels? Not particularly,
I've spent months off and on as of late trying to dig up some dirt on them that isn't manufactured
or fake.
And about the worst thing I can find is something that all major oil companies, supply companies
have been done because loopholes were written. They've sold equipment, oil refining equipment
to Iran during those decades long sanctions. And the only reason I just went off into the
Koch brothers is I'm starting the broadcast describing why the government wants to shut
things down and destroy society.
Because it's a globalist program where they are exempt from everything and they shut you
down. They bombed third world countries under flimsy pretexts and blow up their chemical
plants, their water plants, their power plants, their roads, their bridges. Here they don't
blow them up, they just shut them down.
I had a fellow last Friday, I was in a restaurant with my family and he walked over and he said,
you know, I want to thank you for what you've done. You know, I've worked in Austin Energy.
And he said, you know, they've shut down our two power plants, clean burning, modern, and
they're shutting down the third one.
And he goes, you're right, it's doubled prices the last five years and they're gonna double
again. He goes, my God, and the public's so dumb, they don't even know why their power
bills doubled. He goes, the guy was just so intense, he was just, I want to thank you.
We try to do the best we can as well. And most of us have also been laid off and let
go. And I'm like, I guess you can go to work for General Electric, they're exempt from
all the rules, they can have dirty burning, you name it.
All that comes out of these modern plants last 25 years is water vapor and carbon dioxide.
So they list carbon dioxide as a pollutant. GMO is not a pollutant. Overfishing is not
an issue. I mean, there are hundreds of real environmental issues. The globalists say they
care about the environment, but it's the opposite.
The reason I mentioned the Koch brothers before I get into all this huge news today is I constantly
see this fake meme that I work for the Koch brothers, that I'm funded by the Koch brothers.
But I sure wish I was. I don't have one stock or one bond or one dime that I get or anybody,
I mean, my wife, children, any of them get from coal, oil, distillates, anything. I have
no stocks, I have no bonds.
I take the money that I make off my syndicated radio show. It's the big breadwinner for this
whole news operation and plow it into crew and research and equipment. But it doesn't
matter that they have media matters and Mother Jones and all these fake liberal groups out
there implying anyone that is pro second amendment, anyone that's pro US energy works for the
Koch brothers.
And then it's like, my gosh, that's so evil. When it's the Enron people that came up with
a carbon tax plan with Al Gore on record and it's a plan. I mean, Al Gore is the majority
owner of Occidental Petroleum. Al Gore has got tens of billions in offshore accounts.
And again, I think we should have moved away from oil. I know there's monopolies on the
carburetors and things and they try to block new energy development. And the new energy
development we're getting is a fraud.
But the point is the globalists are shutting down our industry and shutting down our coal,
mainly because big oil wants that. While at the same time, not letting us have new things
that actually empower us. I mean, they won't give you a tax credit to put off the grid,
solar or wind. And in fact, they'll harass you in most areas, especially if they're quote
liberal to not give you a permit.
Or they'll say, what's that windmill doing? What's that solar array? And come harass you.
So it's not Koch brothers good guys, everybody else bad guys. It's just that I've been constantly
accused of working with the Koch brothers with no evidence.
And then so I go and I say, well, let me really research the Koch brothers. And so it becomes
kind of a little pet project as I do in research. And I discovered that they're anti agenda
21. They have quote secret meetings with conservative leaders, and they sneak out the audio and
it's how do we defend the Second Amendment?
How do we defend the family? How do we keep America competitive? How do we reverse offshoring?
I mean, you can go to the Brad blog. We've had that gone before. You know, got the quote
secret recordings of years ago with the Republican, you know, libertarian powwow with Judge Napolitano
is the keynote speaker.
Oh my goodness, the evil. And the whole thing's about we must defend the Second Amendment,
the family and property rights. You know, there are collectivist mega rich who want
to shut down all the new variation independent rich.
I mean, that's what's going on these meetings. One of the head of the Dallas Fed and the
head of the of the Kansas City Fed come out last week and say they said crony elite mega
banks are going to shut down all the other free market and create a consolidation and
destroy our economic future.
Even MIT came out a few months ago and said we will never re industrialize. We are in
a total emergency situation. That is the kind of stuff that we are talking about here. And
so thank God I've been accused for working for the Koch brothers because it made me actually
go research them and find out what they're up to and what they're doing.
A private family, the second largest private corporation in the country that hasn't merged
into tax free foundations. They go to some globalist meetings to protect their interest,
obviously. And then they're horrible because they're having secret meetings in Colorado,
not not really secret.
They're just not for the public. And hours of it gets released. And it's the government
wants to destroy the family. The government wants to take our guns. The government's run
by authoritarian mega corporations that aren't free market. Oh, my gosh. How do we the independent
wealthy defend freedom? Oh, my gosh. Can you imagine the evil level of this?
So I'm going to do a report on the Koch brothers as soon as I get time. I've got no exaggeration,
about 100 reports partly done or almost completely done. I bought off more than I can shoot.
Okay, I mean, there's so much I want to cover. In fact, I'm gonna hook it up at my house
now that I finally have good Internet. Finally got some good Internet where I want to set
up guys with my IT guys where I could just go in and hit one button.
And take over the refeeds on the audio feeds or create podcast that I hit a button, record
it, you know, very simple. I mean, I know how to upload stuff to YouTube and things.
So the point is, so I can just when I'm really brainstorming at two in the morning, I'm tempted
to just have like a room I walk into that I just hit a button and I'm on TV and there's
video feeds.
Because that's when I have my brainstorms. When I'm here on the radio, there's just so
much to cover and ads and guests coming up and we still cover a lot of important things.
It's just that I want to do more. And it's just so many times that you see me doing these
what listeners call underwear uploads.
Sometimes I'll be shirtless shooting video of all that's on the computer screen and people
can see that I'm not wearing a shirt occasionally. So it's what's been affectionately dubbed
the underwear special reports. But I mean, I'm just desperate to get this info out. I
know the globalist plan. I have all the UN documents like United Nations Industrial Development
Organization founded in the 1950s to shut down Western industrial systems and actually
shut down the third world as well.
Only allow globalist combines to operate. I mean, I know their whole battle plan and
I know what they're up to. And we are just in so much trouble, ladies and gentlemen,
because the mainline Republicans are controlled by the globalist. The Democrats are kind of
the vanguard to lead us into the collectivism and its collectivism to have full government
control over us.
So it's a very nightmarish prospect. Now, when we come back, retired army captain warns
DHS acquisitions are bold threat of war against the American people, says Americans have prepared
to defend themselves and the U.S. Constitution against the Obama administration coup against
the American people. DHS and U.S. News and World Report outright denies any bullet purchases.
DHS denies massive ammunition purchases. There you go. Not happening, even though it's all
public. Big Sis orders 360,000 rounds more on top of the two billion. That's top story
up at drugsreport.com. And we're gonna get into the incredible Cyprus deal. 40% of bank
accounts to be loaded. Stay with us.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing
a full selection of silver based products. Our most popular silver based products are
the 32 ounce nano silver solutions, our two ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well
as our all natural silver soaps. Just released is our 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver
gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and leave the silver
at the surface. But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing
chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the
silver more effectively. Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver
based products are best for you. That's www.silverlungs.com.
In an emergency situation, would you drink contaminated water? You could if you had the
amazing LifeStraw from mypatriotsupply.com. LifeStraw is the most advanced personal water
filter available today. It filters contaminated water from almost any source. LifeStraw is
lightweight and compact, perfect for hiking, camping or in an emergency like a flood. LifeStraw
is easy to clean, comes with a one year warranty and has been used worldwide since 2005. Get
the amazing LifeStraw personal water filter at mypatriotsupply.com. Plus check out survival
seat vault, 20 seat varieties for only $37.95, Tatler canning lids, long term storable foods
as low as $69.95 and much more at mypatriotsupply.com. Enjoy stress free shipping on all orders over
$49. Call 866-229-0927 or visit mypatriotsupply.com. That's 866-229-0927, mypatriotsupply.com. For
emergency preparedness, self-reliance and food independence.
Is there such a thing as gluten free emergency kits?
Yes, and for celiacs there is no other than glutenfreeemergencykits.com. If you or a loved
one has celiac disease, you need a gluten free emergency kit to survive. Our kits are
natural, non-GMO, low sodium, low cholesterol, soy free, contain no artificial colors or
MSG and carry the celiac spruce seal of approval. Now get our March grab and go bucket special
for only $29.99 at glutenfreeemergencykits.com. Glutenfreeemergencykits.com. Better foods,
better living.
Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered why banks, stock workers, investment advisors
won't talk about gold IRAs? They've been available since 1986, yet the financial industry
won't recognize the value of gold for your retirement. Gold is outperformed paper investments,
yet no word about IRAs. If you would like to have gold for your retirement, call 800-686-2237.
Don't get left behind by rising inflation and low returns, call 800-686-2237. Secure
your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
March into big spring preparedness savings this month at BePrepared.com. Going on now.
Quality essentials and BePrepared.com save you 28% off your favorite beef and chicken
combo entrees. Save 24% on number 10 cans of freeze dried raspberries or save 26% on
our freeze dried strawberry slices with purchase of 12 or more. Katadyn pocket micro water
filters are 27% off. Try our fruit flavored hydro pack combo water filtering pouches.
In March, buy five 10 packs for a 50% discount. Stock up on wheat with a year's supply of
grains for $70 off only at BePrepared.com. And this month, power up with a Goal Zero
Sherpa 50 solar powered recharging kit at $110 off MSRP and we'll throw in a free $50
emergency essentials gift card. The March sale ends March 31st at BePrepared.com. For
contents and details, call emergency essentials at 800-999-1863 or click BePrepared.com. The
choice is clear. Be unprepared or BePrepared.com. See, here's what's frustrating for me and
the reason I talk so much about energy. The reason the United States has been so incredibly
wealthy in the last 100 years is because we've had early energy development.
We're not even that particularly energy rich compared to some areas, but we had early energy
development and we developed an early infrastructure. But have you noticed the last 30, 40 years,
no real infrastructure improvement except the compact mega cities and that's all official
UN policy. And the globalist made the deal to put Mao Zedong in in 1945. That's now been
publicly declassified. Kudos to the John Birch Society exposing that in the 50s and 60s.
And then people like, yeah, right, our government put the red Chinese in. They did. They put
Mao in, the greatest mass murderer in history who's now in Department of Education, children
textbooks for eight year olds. That came out last week. Be like endorsing Hitler or something,
but he even killed more than Hitler.
And CJ, to show how informed my crew is, he goes, didn't they kill the Keystone Pipeline?
Because that would have brought oil to the United States and mainly to Koch brother refineries
in Texas, in South Texas on the coast. And I said, bingo, that's absolutely true. And
again, I don't have any interest. They don't pay me. I happen to know my power prices have
doubled just on electricity in Central Texas in the last five years.
And it's in the newspaper that they've doubled because they shut down the two city owned
power plants. The third one in Fayetteville is now to be shut down next year. They're
just shutting it down. A giant clean burning power plant. The media shows the smoke coming
out of it. It's water vapor. That's why it doesn't keep going. It's hot water and carbon
dioxide and then it fades down.
And you could say, well, that's still dirty. It still has byproducts that they used in
steel and plastics and other products. It has a lot of distillates. And you notice the
Koch brothers were really smart because the founder of it was a genius engineer, the father
of the brothers who developed all these distillation programs in the 40s and 50s.
And he had all these patents and it was a genius who learned how to use all this stuff.
So more I'd study the Koch brothers, I was just describing it. It's like they're the
engine. In episode four and the Star Destroyer is chasing the diplomatic frigate and they're
firing on it and they blow the engine and they tractor beam it in. They blow the engine
in this country, which they've basically done.
It's smoking right now. Then it's gonna totally implode the globalists are gonna buy everything
up for pennies on the dollar. Our engine is basically already blown. I mean, they knew
when, and it's just, again, I said I'd get into all this other news, but I'm gonna shoot
a special report on this.
Enemy bombers couldn't do what Obama's done. 200 plus coal power plants, most of them brand
new manufacturer, totally clean, shut down in four years. Now they're set to shut down
1,000 more. And the public doesn't know why they get their power bill. I mean, my power
bill used to be like $300 a month, now it's like 1,500.
I mean, that's more than double. I'm in a smaller house and it's more, and it's destroying
everybody. And they've got all these electric car people that get all the front parking
spaces now, at the grocery stores and things cuz they're even better than the handicap
folks.
And the idiots that come and plug in, they've done studies. It takes more fossil fuel to
charge your car, to generate it, to create the power plants, to transfer it then to your
car than it does to use oil. And so they've shut down our coal power plants. They're set
to shut down, many fold that, and my interest is I'm watching my power price go up.
And remember, here's the thing about the Keystone pipeline, America would have gotten that oil,
the United States. Instead, even Bloomberg has to admit this, you can pull it up. Soros
is the big winner, who owns the controlling interest in the big railway that is gonna
take all the tar sand oil to the west coast of Canada to be loaded on tankers and taken
to China.
And where is Soros mainly invested? China. Where is Maurice Strong? Where is David Rockefeller?
They went to China, set them up, publicly opened them up in the mid 70s, and have moved
all industry there with suicide nets. But notice, you'll never hear the left criticize
Al Gore for wanting maximum profits out of Apple with Foxconn, where they're now just
replacing the humans with robots altogether.
They work them 18 hours a day. They're drugging them now. They have forced abortion, abortuary
in the factory. Yeah, there's Forbes breaking it down. And you've got TransCanada, and you've
got the big railway company shutting down the pipeline to America. And you can see Mother
Jones and everybody celebrating, ding dong, the cokes are dead, the cokes, cokes, cokes,
they won't get the oil that Communist Chinese will. And it's not even the people getting
it. They get the oil. Yeah, Berkshire Hathaway. Yeah, don't forget not just George Soros,
but Warren Buffett, holy Toledo. We'll be right back. That's what it's all about, shutting
down America.
We're on the march. The Empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network. Devastating
events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial law have
highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions are
stockpiling food, gold and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of your
loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a
medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective
against bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver
has over 500 different uses and a long term shelf life, making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared, go to SupernaturalSilver.com. Use the promo code prepared for 20% off your
entire order and like us on Facebook.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day. If you're
listening, you know the economy is not getting better. You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared. For years we've told you about our friends at e Foods
Direct. They have the best tasting long term storable food on the planet. This food will
taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long term food supply allows
you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most. Be prepared
and get your supply from e Foods Direct. Right now is the best time to stock up and save
hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give yourself peace of
mind and be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com slash Alex get free
shipping on all orders for a limited time call 800-409-5633 or go to efoodsdirect.com
slash Alex, you can bet your life on e Foods Direct. You prepare by purchasing gold food
and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system, and you're missing a critical
weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping or away from home who's
watching out for intruders? Check out simply safe. It's a new do it yourself home security
system that is completely wireless. Go to get simply safe.com simply safe is independent
and off the grid. It runs on battery power. So even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable. So you can use it in your home business boat trailer storage
unit or shed get simply safe.com simply safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself
in under 20 minutes. So there's no need to let a stranger into your home. If you move
or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always
at home but simply safe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a
week. Again, that's get simply safe.com. We now take you live to the Central Texas command
center in the heart of the resistance. You're listening to the Alex Jones show.
You see, the globalist will create irrational fears in people over things that aren't really
dangerous or overall bad, like citizens being armed. My gosh, the idea of other citizens
being armed is so frightening. But historically, you should be concerned and frightened of
a government that's armed to the teeth and engaged in domestic military operations, which
is now happening. The Department of Homeland Security is a fifth branch of the military,
beholden only to the president, not to Congress.
And Congress is told you will not see our DHS plans for civil unrest. You will not see
the DHS plans on the billions of bullets. You will not see the Pentagon plans for military
operations around the world. You are on the Armed Services Committee, you are on the Intelligence
Committee, you hold the power of the purse, you declare the war, the president then executes.
We're telling you that's all done. The office of the president is becoming a dictator because
the office of the president is a corporate front position. One guy they've got to buy
instead of 500 plus in Congress.
One guy who can sit there and checkmate Congress and checkmate the states and checkmate the
courts and checkmate it all. And that's what's happening. Foreign globalist interest exempt
from taxation worldwide, Warren Buffett. Raise taxes on rich people, I've got too much money
using class envy when he's exempt from the taxes offshore. I love you, I want you to
do well, I'm Warren Buffett. That's why I lobbied and spent tens of millions of dollars
per year in the last decade to block the construction of the Keystone Pipeline.
And even though you got it built, you're not gonna get that oil in America. It's gonna
go from me and George Soros to China, where we're invested. So they're going down, imagine
America as a breaker box. They're turning the breakers off. And it's very painful to
see people, family, veterans, people I've known my whole life don't have money to drive
to work now.
To see restaurants closing, businesses closing, roads rotting. But more cops, you can't swing
a dead cat and not county, city, state, federal, armored vehicles, helicopters, checkpoints.
Yes, the signs of tyranny. As they just flip the switch, boom, boom, just grabbing the
switch, boom, boom, boom. Just turning the lights out of America. It's like going down
the life support, flipping off the switches, click, click, click, click, click, click,
click, click.
And then I hear, Koch brothers, demons, Koch brothers, the devil. Koch brothers, there's
no one worse, why they flayed children alive. Alex Jones works for them. And I go, let me
go check these guys out. Let me make sure I know more than most people being politically
aware.
Let me go make sure I know about these guys. So I spent the last few weeks, and I've got
Aaron looking into them right now. We're gonna do a whole report on the good, the bad, and
the ugly, the Koch brothers. But then I come to the industrial fact that they are all that's
left of the engine of America.
And don't worry, so-called left authoritarians, that engine's gonna get blown. I can see where
everything's going. You're gonna shut everything down, okay? Don't worry, you'll defeat the
Koch brothers, you'll destroy them. Don't worry, you didn't get that pipeline, China
gets it, okay?
Don't worry, don't worry, and go get your college education, which there's going to
be no jobs for unless it's in Homeland Security. And by the way, the government wouldn't hurt
us, roll your sleeve up and take all the vaccines. Sure, there's thousands of admitted lethal
secret tests that have been declassified on foster kids and US military personnel and
black people.
Even a few years ago, testing pesticides on black kids, foster kids taken by CPS in New
York until they die. I mean, we need to turn our guns into a government like that, okay?
So man, let me tell you, I'm not worried about Foxconn and Apple with suicide nets and forced
abortions, okay? I mean, let me tell you, that's a good thing, that's liberal. But let
me tell you, what is bad? The Koch brothers, ladies and gentlemen, lobby and give money
to pro-Second Amendment causes.
Yesterday, I spent a couple hours listening to the secret recordings leaked from a 2011
meeting. The Brad blog, I ought to get him on. I've had the guy on actually before on
election Friday, he's a pretty good guy, but I ought to have him on and go, yeah, Brad,
this is terrible. Let's play some of these clips, we gotta protect the family?
I mean, I'm glad I investigated cuz I supposedly work for him. Oh my gosh, speaker after speaker,
we gotta defend private property and the new wealth that is the engine and not let the
crony capitalists take over? I mean, look at that evil Fed chief in Dallas, Federal
Reserve head of the Dallas Federal Reserve.
That's the, well, let's show him Reuters, says crony capitalists have taken over and
are gonna shut down their competition. Arrest him, he's bad too. See, when the Koch brothers
do a few good things, I'm not saying they're perfect cuz I'm doing deep research on them,
I'm finding some stuff, obviously.
And when the Dallas Fed, I mean, I had Dr. Paul Roberts on Friday, I said, are they doing
that cuz they know things are about to implode and they don't wanna be blamed? And Roberts
is like, no, they realize America's finished.
And there's Fed's Fisher, too big to fail banks or crony capitalists, Reuters. I guess
he's bad. You know what, and they're actually attacking him. He's the bad guy cuz he's telling
the truth. See, I'm starting to figure this out. When sane people, even in the power structure,
go you know what?
There's these offshore mega banks that are so powerful. How about the Koch brothers collectively
with like 40 something billion bucks? And I mean, literally, thousands of factories
in the US. You know, the globalist that came out, AP did a lawsuit back in 2000, got documents
where the Big Ten oil companies met.
And you can look these up, I've done reports on them, but just look them up. And it met
in 95 and 96 to create an artificial scarcity in oil. And they tried to buy up all of the
privately owned refineries or have regulators shut them down to create an artificial bottleneck
to rape you.
That's big oil, Queen Beatrix, Queen of England who owned Dutch Royal Shell, British Petroleum.
They even tell you they own them, Dutch Royal Shell, BP, British Petroleum. And then you
find out, they hired the regulators to go try to shut down all the Koch brother refineries
in Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas that supply the whole Midwest and East Coast.
And then I just spent hours looking at it, this economic warfare where trillionaires
are trying to blow the engine of the US. And the Koch brothers would not shut down their
refineries the last 15 years. But don't worry, they're losing now, they'll be shut down soon.
And you're like, good, I'll have an electric car. No, no, no, they're shutting the coal
plants down too that create the electricity, 52% of our power.
They're shutting everything down right now. I mean, you people that support this are our
self-destructive idiots. I mean, I am just, see, I said I was getting all this other news.
It's just so frustrating to watch us being powered down and to know how horrible it is.
And to know we've gone from 20 million on food stamps to 50 million. And to know that
this is all happening and just wanna stop it. What's that Three Doors Down song, Dynamite?
We're gonna play that coming in the next segment cuz that's how I feel.
Kryptonite, yeah, that's it. I always get the names of things wrong, obviously Kryptonite.
See if you can find that, play it coming in because, I mean, the general public sleepwalking.
And I'm sitting here watching them being abused and mega bank trillionaires shutting everything
down with mass suicide factories and suicide nets and five million robots ordered, one
million already delivered to replace humans.
Running around saying how they're gonna kill us and they're the liberals. They're the humanitarians
cuz the television said so. And then there's some private family that had hundreds of patents
their father developed. So they independently kind of in that last window made their own
money.
Steel plants, aluminum plants, fertilizer plants, paper plants, plastic plants, distillates,
just thousands of factories. I started realizing just every factory I drive around, half of
them are Koch brothers or Koch carbon, their other brother. And I just see all this happening.
And you know what? I agree with you. I agree with Mother Jones and Media Matters run by
the White House, all of them. Arrest them, shut them down, shut every coal power plant
down.
I'm gonna give you what you want here. Shut every coal plant down, shut down all the oil
pipelines, shut everything down. But see it won't be done quickly where you notice it's
ruining you. It'll be done real slow creeping financial death. So you'll be cheering it
the whole way while it happens. There won't be a quick death to the American economy.
While the globalists move everything to China and it doesn't even empower the Chinese, they're
being used to have the race to the bottom to leverage everything down to absolute zero.
Because when they fall as total slaves, the rest of the world will be sucked down by it.
Sucked down in that competition, that false fraudulent. It's like a football game where
you're playing against the other team on a 90 degree angle. And they get to kick off
from a mountain on top of you and each time, even if you try to run a touchdown, you never
get to go from the top.
You're always going uphill and ignorance absolutely reigns. What did a Pulitzer Prize winner Chris
Hedges say about it? We now live in a nation where doctors destroy health, lawyers destroy
justice, universities destroy knowledge, governments destroy freedom, the press destroys information,
religion destroys morals, and our banks destroy the economy, Chris Hedges.
And the United Nations in the New York Times, they admit, in Africa and Latin America and
Asia, in Burma, was the first time I saw a report of this about 15 years ago. It was
even in the National Geographic magazine. They were saying it was good, so I went and
looked it up on kind of the proto web that it is today.
It was about 99 actually, so 14 years ago. And it talked about how the UN exterminated
thousands of the population to make it a UN biosphere. They go in and actually shoot the
people. Like you go in and kill a group of invasive elephants that go into farming belts
in Africa, they do that. And it described the culling of the wild humans.
And then these environmentalists back and go, well, it's got to be done. I have 15 jets.
I love the Queen of England. Prince Charles came out and said you shouldn't take a hot
shower because of the carbon footprint. They have over 100 giant palaces. Some of them
have thousands of rooms.
Some of the palaces are over 100 square miles, not the palace itself, but the grounds of
them. Each member has their own private train, private jet copters. Last time I checked,
Prince Charles had more than 20 aircraft and flies them himself. And they get several billion
pounds a year just to pay for their gas allowance to heat the palaces.
I'm gonna say that again. Rothchilds have palaces everywhere, same deal. And they're
all saying you are using too much. You can't have plastic bags, blah, blah, blah, blah,
blah, blah, while they conspicuously, you wanna talk about class envy, you've got one
tenth of 1%. We did the math, what was it? One out of some impossible number.
What is 600 top gophers, 6,000 minion gophers in the super class booked by Rothkopp and
less than 20 families? Less than 20 families have more than 80% of the world's wealth.
By the way, when the US had the biggest middle class in the world, they only had about half
of it just a few decades ago.
There it's the ultra rich are the ones, man. They're like, I don't own those power plants,
shut them down. I don't own those ships, shut them down. I don't own those factories, shut
them down, move them to China. Well, you gotta go to the Chinese Politburo and the generals
who are all billionaires now, live in literal palaces.
And the people are used like slaves while they build the robots to replace us. Robots
that work on robots. I mean, do you understand how frustrated I am? And then the boogeyman
of the incredible authoritarian, I tell you what. If we're gonna arrest rich people just
cuz they're rich, let's start with the Queen of England, the Rothchilds, the Rockefeller's,
Ted Turner, Bill Gates, all of them.
And then after you've arrested all of them, we can arrest the Koch brothers. If you've
got like this Soviet dream of you're in a Che Guevara outfit and storming the Bastille,
you're a Jacobin, so you don't know what that is. You should actually find out before you
fantasize.
I want a t-shirt simple for you, isn't it? They're shutting it all down. And by the way,
they're not shutting it down to bankrupt it and take it over, turn it back on. They're
not going to turn it back on. Do you understand that? They're not going to turn any of it
back on.
And you're gonna laugh now, a lot of you, but you won't be laughing soon. You won't
be laughing soon. And all the arrogant police, I can't believe Art Acevedo, our Austin police
chief, the only Texas police chief they could get to go to DC and call for a shutdown of
private sales of guns.
That means you can't transfer guns when you die. You can't give family a gun. Felonies,
and they will start arresting everybody. Where'd you get that gun? Prove your history. And
felonies for over seven round mags, he wants those banned. And felonies, they already ran
a fake sting with the ATF trying to shut down Austin gun shows.
And I said he's an authoritarian. He said, how dare you? I wanna go on your show for
saying I'm a commie or an authoritarian, cuz he came from Cuba. And you know what? Why
don't you go back to Cuba? In fact, the headline ought to be, Art Acevedo moving back to Cuba.
And he'll probably get real mad about that. But the point is, is that I guess you're trying
to turn America into Cuba, so you can go work for the Justice Department.
When Art, you know the crime rates dropped 49% nationwide in violent crime because of
armament of the citizens, the criminals are scared to death since 1991. The gun ownership
graph goes straight up, and the crime rate going down goes straight down. It's an X on
the graph, guns go up, crimes go down.
And you know that, but you wanna toady up there. I've got his testimony. APD chief pushes
for tighter gun control, here it is. Unbelievable that this is what our country-
Austin police chief, Art Acevedo, is taking part in the ongoing national debate over gun
control. He made the trek to Washington yesterday. He tweeted out this photo yesterday afternoon.
Acevedo testified at a house hearing in favor of universal background checks for gun purchases.
The universal background check is a first and essential step toward comprehensive reform
of our firearms and gun laws. First step to confiscation.
Without this essential element, there can be no lasting impact on gun violence.
Right now, all licensed dealers have to submit potential buyers to a background check, but
that law does not apply to private sellers and person-to-person transactions at gun shows.
Yeah, really what it is is a registration program. That's what it is. It is a registration
program against the American people, period. And you heard him, it's an important first
step. He's showing, hey, I know the plan, guys, promote me up to federal level.
He's all speaking code. And Art Acevedo has put his arm around me. He's sworn he's a patriot.
He's promised there'll never be troops in Austin on the streets. There's now troops
all the time running checkpoints and put in all sorts of crowd control in Austin.
There's now TSA checkpoints downtown. And there you go, buddy. You are un-American,
just like all the other enemies of this country, period. And the entire Austin police force,
you either speak out against this, but you won't, because your higher ups are all politicians
too. And don't worry, they're gonna shut your power plants down, shut your future down.
Cops, hope you look at your kids, cuz they have no future.
You know, I ran into the cop that was threatening to arrest me at the Austin airport. I was
in an Italian restaurant by the movie theater. And I see the guy walk in and he sees me.
And he turns and walks over to the bar with his wife where they were gonna eat. And I
came over and first he's like, we're fine, we're fine. Kinda leave me alone. And then
later he looks over and goes, hey, how you doing?
After I think you got the first shock of seeing me. But the whole point is, he was going to
see Olympus falling, which again is total fantasy about how terrorists are under every
table. Hey cops, the real terrorists are the globalists, they're destroying America.
If you're listening, you'd know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day. If
you're listening, you'd know the economy is not getting better. You know gas and food
prices are skyrocketing. Now is the time to get prepared. For years, we've told you about
our friends at E Foods Direct. They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food on
the planet. This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long-term
food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you
need most. Be prepared and get your supply from E Foods Direct. Right now is the best
time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give
yourself peace of mind and be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com
slash Alex. Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go
to efoodsdirect.com slash Alex. You can bet your life on E Foods Direct. Is this the year
you finally get serious about your family's drinking water? If so, keep listening for
a special offer from Big Berkey Water Filters. Did you know that over 60% of municipal water
is fluoridated? Berkey Water Filters distinguish themselves from many other filtration systems
with the capability to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine, fluoride, arsenic and
disinfection byproducts from municipal water via the black Berkey and PF line of filters.
Then there's affordability. At only 1.7 cents per gallon, Berkey Water Filters purify treated
and untreated water, even stagnant pond water. Stop and think how much money you could save
by simply reducing buying bottled water and using water filtered by your Berkey Water
Filter. No need to be constantly replacing expensive filters with a Berkey. A single
set of filters can last for 5 to 10 years. Choose the best size Berkey for your needs
at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com. And right now, all GCN listeners get 5% off all ceramic filter
systems. Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY. That's 877-99-BER-KEY or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
Free shipping on every order over $50. Big Berkey Water Filters, for the love of clean
water. Hey there, my name is Frank Bates. Do you know the number one most valuable item
in a crisis? Some people think the answer is gold, others think it's a gun, but the
correct answer will shock you. I just created a free video at Crisis123.com that reveals
a surprising item that is more valuable than gold in a crisis. 97% of Americans don't have
this one critical item. In fact, they haven't even given it a thought. And the sad truth
is that you may not survive without it when a real crisis hits and a starving mob is right
outside your door. What I have to tell you could literally make the difference between
life and death for you and your family. Watch my video at Crisis123.com to discover the
number one most valuable item in a crisis. You'll be shocked. See the controversial video
that thousands of other smart patriots have already seen in the last three months. Go
watch my video now at Crisis123.com before they force me to shut it down. Again, that's
Crisis123.com. That's right. Our founding fathers battle the tyrants from the grave
with the bill of rights and constitution that they enshrined for us. Here's the deal. Real
tyrants are taken over and I gotta be honest with you. I, um, and I've had the awesome
police chief on four or five times over the years. He's a charming guy. I wanted to believe
he wasn't, uh, you know, a wicked gun grabber, but, uh, they're putting out this hoax that
guns are discredited and guns cause crime and anybody that tries to disarm the American
people is part of the occupying collaborator system.
And so I want everybody to get this video of this, this live broadcast, but there's
video of it. That'll be posted at prison, planet.tv and on YouTube and send it to art
a Cevita art. If you think the citizens not having guns, this goes for the rest of the
police chiefs that work for the foreign banks one way or another. If you think that guns
are so evil in the city, in, in citizen's hands, you should move back to Cuba.
You should move to North Korea. You should move to communist China where they got mobile
execution vans. How dare you come to America and flee tyranny and try to put it on me and
my family. And I take it real personal cause I know you. I take it real personal. I get
sick when I see all these police chiefs up there. I'm going to roll some video for radio
listeners will post it up at info wars.com, but here's fbi.gov and the crime statistics
from 1991 to 2011, the latest numbers, a 49% drop in violent crime nationwide on average.
And you can look at the graph of gun ownership. It, it, it goes up. The crime goes down. You
know that, you know, within one year of Texas having concealed carry violent home invasions,
carjackings, and other aggravated assaults went down by more than 30%. You know, more
than 25% in Florida, and you know, the same similar number in every stinking state in
this country.
And I am sick of you and your hoax. You want our guns because the globalists are getting
ready to implode this country. And you want us to be like people in Mexico who had their
guns taken a hundred years ago and who have been slaves ever since. Mexico has a total
ban on citizen guns and they have the highest gun crime rate in the world. There's your
message R.D. Cevita, go ahead and go get your justice department job.
Maybe you'll really show off for them. Maybe you'll go to the justice department, be like
Eric Holder, who was involved in Oklahoma City. Maybe you'll go there and teach us how
to ship guns into Mexico to kill thousands of innocent people. So you can blame it. Maybe
you'll show the justice department what a good collaborator you are.
Why don't you go back to Cuba and go apologize to Fidel Castro, who's killed hundreds of
thousands of his own people after taking their guns. Why don't you go, Comrade Fidel, I love
you. I love what you do. I wanna take the guns from America. Why don't you come to America
Fidel and help us run everything there?
We will take the guns, Fidel. I will prove to you, Comrade, what we will do to them,
yeah. I'm supposed to just go, my police chief says, put felony if I have over a seven
round mag. He says shut down the gun show. I can't give my dad a gun. He can't give me
a gun. My dad tried to give me a BB gun last night.
We were over at the house shooting at his house, kids were having fun. One of those
Crossman revolver gas powered ones, CO2, evil CO2. He tried to give it to me and I said no.
Some cities have laws where BB guns are banned, felonies for that. I'm sick of it. I'm tired
of the criminal government. The government's parasitic, out of control. I got an idea.
How about the government turns their guns in? 2 billion plus rounds of ammo, thousands
and thousands of giant armored vehicles, all the militarization. And saying now, Homeland
Security's for gun owners, returning veterans, libertarians, the rest of us.
Because we stand in the way of the destruction of this country. And anybody that does is
demonized. You're gonna see people join Soron. You're gonna see people join Mordor. You're
gonna see people join the New World Order. I am not one of these people. And when we
come back, Joel Scowles is coming up, but I haven't even gotten into the bombshell news.
40% of the bank accounts to be loaded, 40% now. Yeah, and it's gonna spread everywhere.
And we've also got hundreds of millions of rounds of more ammo, hollow points for you
and your family, DHS just bought. Take the government's guns. Gun control for the tyrant
government. No standing army in America, Constitution.
Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine. Hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your pro pure with
the new Pro One filters today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139. Waging
war on corruption. Alex Jones on the GCN radio network. Big brother, mainstream media, government
cover ups. You want answers? Well, so does he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network.
And now live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones. All right, my friends coming up for the balance
of the hour. Joel Skousen, who's a frequent guest here, an editor of World's Affairs Brief.
A couple days before he was on with us a week and a half ago, he survived an incredible
plane crash that we have video of for TV viewers watching on prisonplanet.tv. So I want to
challenge all of you who are not members of prisonplanet.tv to become members of Prison
Planet today. So you can actually see the video and all the things that we're covering
here on the broadcast. And of course, last hour I didn't plug any sponsors because I
get so upset about what's happening here in this country.
But it's also very important to go to info war store.com, whether it's Pro Second Amendment
t shirts like to come and take it, one that I'm wearing, or whether it's camouflage or
Hunter Orange info wars.com shirts, whether it's pro pure water filter stainless steel
that blow away the competition. Just go look at the side by side comparisons with 10% off
with promo code water, or whether when you buy films like strategic relocation, escape
the global sneak attack plan, region by region, the very best places to live, invaluable book
and film available at info war store.com.
When you do that, it finances everything we're doing and allows us to go to the next level.
Give a yearly subscription to info wars magazine, 12 issues and back issues when we don't sell
out we normally do. Mail to your friends, family's door. Every police station, you should
give them a subscription.
Every library that you view can afford it, you should give them a subscription. Big glossy
color 60 page magazine that covers the most hardcore information to awaken people. We
are on the offense because the best defense is a good offense, ladies and gentlemen. So
again, info war store.com or any questions or comments, you can call 888-253-3139. Also
efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex is where you can find the free shipping special they're
running and if you don't know about Storable Foods, the shipping is very cost prohibitive
normally because it's such a large part of the price because it weighs so much.
So this is a special they do every March. It ends here in just four or five days. So
be sure and go to efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex to take advantage of that or 800-409-5633
or efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex. And what we do here is we promote books, videos,
products, quality water filters, food, water filtration, things that we're doing that we
believe in morally in a free market that we believe are great deals and have done research
on.
Then we promote to you in a win, win, win as we get ready, we get prepared, we get self-sufficient
and it's a journey. It's a process. That's what we're doing. And so again, efoodsdirect.com
forward slash newsletter. And don't forget also the body being healthy is absolutely
essential. The best health products out there available at infowarshealth.com. That's infowarshealth.com.
Or you can also call the toll free number to sign up and become a distributor for $10
fee and get discounts. And you can also sign up for free shipping with the auto ship when
you sign up for that. So infowarshealth.com or 888-636-9277, 888-636-9277 or a new customer
product orders if you wanna sign up and become a member of the Infowars team and sell these
products 888-789-9277. And there's a website dedicated to that as well, infowarsteam.com.
Okay, ladies and gentlemen, we have the top link, the most trafficked and visited link
on the internet period worldwide is the drugsreport.com link. And here it is, 360,000 more rounds
bought by Homeland Security. At this rate, they'll have 3 billion rounds by December
of this year, 3 million on order. If you want an American company with American products
made by Americans, here is the Cow Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these
pure soap products for years. These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable
and coconut oils that are earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy
soaps that are twice as good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year
supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands
of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at
5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. A little over a year ago, I began
to do a lot of research into why even if I had a pretty good sized meal that I was still
starving and my research led me to a well known fact that most of the soils that we
grow our crops on here in the United States and across the industrialized world are almost
completely depleted of almost all of the key minerals and trace elements that our bodies
need to rebuild themselves, fight off cancer and be healthy. I then searched out the best
vitamin and mineral company out there and discovered Younggevity. The Younggevity products
are designed to give you the real nutrition you need and once you've got that, you don't
have to eat as much to be satisfied. I've lost 37 pounds in two months simply getting
the vitamins and minerals I need. Check it out for yourself, it's incredible. Go to infowarseteam.com
today and order your first canister of Beyond Tangy Tangerine Complete Multivitamin Mineral
Complex Dietary Supplement. That's infowarseteam.com.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions
are stockpiling food, gold and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you
for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective
against bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver
has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com. Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your
entire order and like us on Facebook.
Big Brother, Mainstream Media, Government Cover-Ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Welcome, my friends, to the second hour of the worldwide broadcast. It is Monday, the
25th day of March, 2013. It was almost about a week and a half ago, Joel Skalzen of World
Affairs Brief is gonna be joining us. He didn't tell me a day and a half before he was on.
He survived an incredible plane crash that was actually local and ended up being covered
by some national news as a miraculous survival.
Same thing with the head of the UK Independence Party, Nigel Farage. He barely survived an
incredible crash, by the grace of God. We're gonna be briefly talking about that and just
the perspective on life and then shifting gears into other geopolitical issues. But
first off, if you just joined us, there's an article by Adan Salazar that was posted
yesterday up at infowars.com and prisonplanet.com, where a retired army captain warns DHS acquisitions
are bold threat of war against the American people. Says Americans may have to prepare
to defend themselves in the US Constitution against the Obama administration's coup against
the American people.
And then he breaks down the armored vehicles, the endoplasty commentatis, and he really
crystallizes it for me. Because it's what the Rand Corporation admits they would do
back in 1998 in a report that I covered on air at the time. Federalized, but that itself
is UN or globalized via the global corporate government. That's three different groups
battling for control on it, but they all support the global government because they all think
they're gonna get control of it.
And he explains in his letter to the US Senator, and it's published up at infowars.com on the
video report I did yesterday. He goes on to explain this is a fifth branch of the military.
It's really even outside of NORTHCOM that it ties into. They're in Colorado Springs
and Denver. It's the shadow government absorbing America. Thousands of armored vehicles, not
just the 2,700 going to different agencies.
Every police department I know has armored vehicles, helicopters. They're getting new
ones. I see the big black armored ones here in Austin that say DHS federal police. We've
done video reports on it.
So we've got all of this happening, all of that unfolding. And you've got state and federal
agencies. You can't swing a dead cat anywhere in the US now without federal task forces,
state task forces, international task forces, zoning cops wearing uniforms.
And they're arming zoning cops in many cities. Just real hardcore tyranny that is all covered
in the United Nations Industrial Development Organization plan from the 50s, 60s, and 70s.
That is the forerunner of agenda 21.
Of real control is about controlling industry and shutting it down so only select groups
at the top of the combine can operate. And they've made deals to transfer everything
to China as a way to leverage and get full political control of us here domestically.
And the good news is this debate is now beginning to really take hold out there about why is
government arming to the teeth domestically and saying gun owners, conservatives, libertarians
are the new number one terror threat as we warned you they would go public with because
that was internal a decade ago.
The fact that they're going public means they're getting ready to go more and more operational.
They've got all the movies, the TV shows with the new bad guys are mainly white gun owners,
conservatives, libertarians who are secretly Taliban, and they've got new movies out.
So they wouldn't be bringing all this out unless they were moving into a hotter phase
with a false flag or something along those lines to politically demonize us.
Because anytime the globalist can't win, they will stage events to blame it on you as a
form of political judo in a self-inflicted inside job operation. And I see all the stars
aligning for that to be done.
But if we have a maximum effort right now to expose this, it may push their timetable
back. Their timetable, Brzezinski says is a decade behind. Joel Skousen is a smart guy
in my summation, says they're about a decade behind. I believe they're about a decade behind.
Don't have the defeatist attitude that we couldn't take America back. It's that foregone
conclusion, that self-fulfilling prophecy.
We should be offensively trying to take America back, but we are up against a powerful array
of forces, as Joel says, while building a defense fallback position. So you gotta be
on offense and defense. But right now, I am myself on full tilt offense because I've already
set up my defense.
Moving out to a country zone is a little safer, food, firearms, friends, family, educated.
But before we go to Joel, here's just a few of these articles today. This is a US News
and World Report. It cites infowars.com. DHS denies massive ammunition purchases. And
when you go and look at what media matters, other White House groups, they just say there
are no bullets, period.
There are no armored vehicles. They actually lie and say, not that we bought a 500 million
this year and are gonna get a couple billion over the next few years. They're just denying
and saying it doesn't exist. Here's the Drudge Report, 360,000 more rounds, another purchase,
and that's an infowars.com article.
And government cover-up of ammo buys implodes. Silent secrecy and shoddy attempts at debunking
the facts have led to congressional inquiry. Now 15 members of Congress getting into that.
And meanwhile, Obama presses Congress to vote on assault weapons ban, banning semi-autos.
He says he's gonna hit the road with a political campaign against guns, which he promised to
not go after four years ago.
Bloomberg has a $14 million ad blitz. It was 12 million, now they've announced it's 14
million last night against the Second Amendment. They're on the offense, folks, because they're
going to stage something or provocateur something to blame the Second Amendment. I could see
all the signs.
I told you that back in November before Sandy Hook, okay? I mean, it's all lined up right
now. DHS, again, ladies and gentlemen, is moving on all fronts right now. And I understand
what Joel says. If we run around like total chickens with our heads cut off, let's just
cover this first.
Then we'll get into your plane crash, which is just miraculous. We have video of it and
more for the TV viewers watching on prisonplanet.tv. But Joel Skalzen, of course, is better known
as the best-selling author of The Secure Home. Strategic Relocation, now in its third edition.
Both books and the video are available at infowarshop.com. And I produced a film with
him breaking it down, Strategic Relocation, the film, all available at infowarshop.com
if you wanna support all of our work.
But what I'm saying is people are finally waking up that there's an arms buildup, a
domestic buildup against us. They're finally getting the common sense that, hey, a standing
army's dangerous. I know politically that if we keep pushing this, it will discredit
their gun grab. Because why should we turn our guns in when they're arming to the teeth
against us? Joel Skalzen.
It's a really interesting conundrum, Alex, because there are two forces at work here.
One, the government trying to provoke the right into displaying something radical enough
to justify all of their warnings about the domestic terrorists on the right that the
Southern Poverty Law Conference have been putting out. And at the same time, they're
trying to push this gun control and it's backfiring on them. I mean, even the governor of New
York is backtracking on the seven-round clips because there's such a wall of resistance.
He's trying to placate that resistance. So they're overplaying their hand at the same
time they're trying to get us to overplay our hand. And so we have to be very careful
to walk this line. But I think you've got the exact appropriate right approach. We've
got to go on the offensive without engendering anybody claiming, like, let's arm and let's
go attack now. That would undermine our cause.
But one thing is very clear, Alex. The government cannot use three billion rounds. The Department
of Homeland Security cannot use three billion rounds of ammunition. It's 24 wars worth of
handgun ammunition of the type that was in World War II. And so obviously, they're either
trying to corner the market or simply enrage the people about this. And it could backfire
on them. But I can tell you that Congress is getting extremely upset about this. I think
that number of 15 congressmen is going to grow. If they don't get some answers, they
are refusing to answer anybody in Congress. People are getting upset with the Department
of Homeland Security, especially in the sequester environment, when they don't have any money
to operate and they're buying three billion rounds of ammunition.
Now, remember that these are requisitions. These have not been delivered yet. There are
steady streams of ammunition being delivered to DHS, but nothing of this quantity.
No, exactly. What it's done is they're buying whatever the companies say they can manufacture.
I mean, I've dug into it. As much as they can make, they're cornering the market. Clearly,
that is one level of what they're doing. That is the main cause of the shortages. What you
can't get is the 308, the 223, the 40 hollow point. What you can't get is what they're
purchasing.
Now, I also have contacts in Canada with the gun manufacturers in Canada who have said
they've received phone calls from government pressuring them not to import any more weapons
into the United States. They can't legally require them not to, but they're warning them,
we don't want any more imports. They're trying to dry up the supply. Very, very clearly.
Oh, yeah, that's what Bloomberg and Obama and all of them have said in their task force.
They said, we're calling manufacturers, we're calling government leaders, and we're saying
what we can do outside of law. Is that not really racketeering to have them just leaning
on people?
It is. This is a conspiracy, and it's proof that they're in collusion to try to stop Americans
from having weapons. But it's only exacerbating in their minds the weapons because...
That was my next point. Don't tyrants get that their open attack is what always backfires?
The fact that they've done this has absolutely begun to mobilize people.
And I don't think it's going to stop. It's just like the Cypriot situation. They put
on controls on everything.
We lost his Skype for a moment. The wonders of Skype, but still it occasionally cuts out.
We're going to try to reconnect with Joel Skousen, and we'll look at what's happening
in Cyprus. I haven't gotten to that yet. I've covered one stack of news. There are 12 others,
12 other stacks that we're going to be covering in open phones in the third hour. We're going
to look at what's happening in Cyprus with Joel Skousen straight ahead of World Affairs
Brief, and we'll give you that URL on the other side. JoelSkousen.com will also get
you there.
Hello, I'm Alex Jones. Myself, my family, the Infowars.com team want to relay to you
and your families that we are intensifying our efforts against the globalist on every
front. Infowars.com is leading the fight against the technocrats, but we can't do that without
your help. By getting the films, bumper stickers and T-shirts at Infowars.com, you will wake
up people in your area and support our operation as we move to the next level. We need your
help to spread the word like never before. They wish to hide themselves during this tectonic
battle between the forces of freedom and darkness. You are the response to the globalist technocrats
and their program of global eugenics dehumanization and ultimate extermination. The war is here.
It's an Infowar. The spirit of 1776 versus the mindset of 1984. You've heard about our
MRE Smorgasbord. Now, Long Life Food Depot introduces the most unique, safe and longest
lasting way to stash emergency food. The Eat Pod. Most survival food products recommend
an ideal storage environment, including low temps, low moisture and low oxygen. If you're
storing in a basement too humid, garages and attics too hot, but the waterproof double
walled high density polyethylene patent pending Eat Pod is a unique roll away food bunker
that creates the perfect conditions, can be buried up to 30 feet and can keep your survival
food supply safe, secure, dry and virtually undetectable for 25 years or more. Get full
details on the Eat Pod at eatpod.com, spelled EATPOD.com or call 800-601-2833. That's 800-601-2833.
The Eat Pod from Long Life Food Depot. Since 1983, sending real food to your real future.
Now there's an amazing new natural antibiotic every person must have. It sells a live silver
solution and it destroys over 650 hard to kill viruses, fungus, bacteria and much more.
Sells a live silver solution has no expiration date, is great for emergency kits and storage
shelters and comes in 8 or 16 ounce bottles. Order today at 888-910-4367 or visit hempusa.org.
Hempusa.org, 100% chemical free super foods and unique health products. We the people
grow cotton, weave fabric, engrave ink, embed strips and fibers to protect from counterfeit
and carting to a private bank, having it lead back at interest, forcing taxes to service
debt. This capitalism or was Jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing the public
currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than a standing army. Hi, Ted
Anderson. I'm placing a free silver dollar in a book that explains our monetary system.
Call for your copy, 800-686-2237. It's time to understand the system. Call 800-686-2237.
That's 800-686-2237. Amino acids are the building blocks of proteins. Amino acids have to be
delivered to your body in the shape that nature gave them. If they are to be used to create
new proteins in your body, just like a bricklayer cannot use bent or twisted bricks to build
a brick wall, so too your body cannot use bent or twisted amino acids to build new proteins.
Given your body an undamaged amino acid food can make a huge difference in your health.
One world way is an undamaged amino acid food unlike any other. You see, heating bends and
twists amino acids and all whey protein powders we've investigated and most proteins you
consume are heated. With our TrueCool process, you now have a choice with One World Whey.
My name is Daniel. I'm 34 years old. When I started using One World Whey, I weighed
228 pounds. Now, after two and a half months, I weigh 182 pounds. This is my ideal weight.
I've noticed an increase in stamina, rate of recovery from workouts, and an increase
in my potency. Call 888-988-3325 or visit OneWorldWhey.com.
All right, my friends, Alex Jones here, back live. You know, I told you more than a decade
ago because it was in IMF and World Bank plans. I wrote about it in my book, The Scent into
Tyranny 2002. It's on record, ebooks posted right now at Infowarsnews.com for all subscribers.
The book's out of print. Their own documents, they plan to bankrupt Europe and the US and
transfer the jobs to China, but they don't completely trust China, so they'll keep our
military just to menace them.
It's all about not having any one group that can stand up for itself. And now, even mainstream
news admits most the debt is not that of the people in Cyprus. It's gone to back up private
central bank's debt. And first, they were gonna take 10% out of everybody's account.
Now the deal, we have the official EU video coming up, is 40%, the top 40% of bank accounts,
that's a lot of people, will have 7% to 15% taken out. Now they're talking about it in
other countries.
So foreign banks taking money directly out of your bank account to pay them, that is
the essence of the new world order. Joel Skalzen of World Affairs Brief joins us to break that
down. Joel, you started getting into Cyprus before your Skype had an interruption.
Yes, well the Cyprus has taken a turn for the better for the EU. I keep saying time
and again, they will do anything it takes to keep the EU alive and not let these countries
leave. And that has proven out correctly, even though they have really had to pull all
the stops out against bank accounts in order to do so. They did the populous thing by saving
those with less than $100,000 accounts. But what they did basically is eliminate the second
largest bank, the Lycos Bank, and they've taken 40% of the largest depositors of that
bank and transferred it to the Bank of Cyprus as well as all the $100,000 of below accounts
from Lycos into the Bank of Cyprus. So they've made one bank completely liquidated, the second
largest bank, and taken 40% of those accounts. And now that's a major, major haircut. But
remember they made investors in the Greek banks take a 50% haircut during that bailout.
What's interesting though is that I found out that the Russian, the majority of the
Russian deposits had already left that bank and it transferred their money over to the
Bank of Cyprus. And so essentially they let the non-Russian large investors take that
haircut in preserving the Bank of Cyprus. But at the same time, because they have completely
destroyed the trust in the banks, they have no definite opening date for the Bank of Cyprus.
They still have a limit of 120 euros a day for people to take out of the ATMs. And they're
going to have limits, indefinite limits, on further withdrawals from the Bank of Cyprus
after this so-called thing is resolved. So what it means is Cyprus is done as an economy.
They're just simply, I don't know how they're going to survive. The banking economy was
about eight times larger than the real tourist economy. So what they're going to have to
do is prolong this until they can get the major gas fields online in Cyprus, which have
the potential of replacing about 40% of Europe's gas needs. That's a cash cow I think they're
holding on to for future use in Cyprus.
Joel Skalzen is our guest. What does this do to people all over the world, their confidence
in banks? Not only do you not get interest now, but now it's your money and they just
come and steal it to give it to private interest. I mean, this is unprecedented.
Well, they have done it to specifically, as you say, to bolster the private interest of
the Bank of Cyprus. They've made some people whole and they've taken everything from other
people. Remember, when you liquidate that account, they say they're taking 40%, but
actually the whole bank is being liquidated. And that means that even for the first time,
senior bondholders, the first in line, are having to take a haircut. Though, from what
I hear from my European sources, it's not very much of a haircut. They are taking the
unsecured creditors over $100,000 and making them lose everything.
Sure, sure, and let me be specific here. I had read the articles out this morning. They're
up on infowars.com, Paul Joseph Watson's article. Europe, anyone with over 100,000 euro savings
now has to have 40% taken out of their account. And I had what I'd call a Freudian mistake,
because before it was just gonna be 10 to 15% they took out.
Some estimates for 7.7 or even 6.9. And I mentally cannot believe they're gonna take
40% out of anybody with over 100,000 euros. So my mind twisted that. I mean, that is so
huge that anybody over 100,000 euros is wealthy. Most people that are retired, even if they
worked their whole life as a janitor, they better have 100,000 euros. I mean, that's
nothing.
That with inflation, that is, I mean, that's janitors and people should have that much
saved. This is just incredible. And it shows what they're gonna do. I want to talk about
that with Joel Scouser when we come back and where he sees the world economy going, then
his plane crash.
We're on the march. The Empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN radio network.
You may be arrested and or subject to other police action.
Tyranny is here. The grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality.
It really says that the state is God. The United States is now recognized globally as
one of the most impressive police states on Earth. This film conclusively proves the existence
of a secret network of FEMA camps now being expanded nationwide. This documentary exposes
how the continuity of government program has established an all powerful shadow state.
Police state four chronicles the sickening depth to which our republic has fallen. Prepare
to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship, body scammers, sound cameras,
citizen spies, stage terror and cameras on every street corner. It's only the beginning
of the New World Order's hellish plan. The police state isn't coming. It's here. Secure
your copy today at info wars dot com or see it online in the highest quality at prison
planet dot tv. Introducing pro wine. All of your filtration in one system portable on
the go. No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a
system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced
manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced
media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the
only one that does it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo
code water. This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides,
herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form
of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your pro pure with a new pro one filter today at info war store.com or by calling
888-253-3139. If you want an American company with American products made by Americans,
here is the cow Ben soap company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products
for years. These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut
oils that are earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091
for a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice
as good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soap for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Crashing through the lies and disinformation, it's
Alex Jones on the GCN radio network. Ladies and gentlemen, I spend let's not exaggerate
six seven hours a day trying to research news and information on top of being on the air.
And I can't keep track of but a fraction of what's happening. But everywhere we look,
corruption is moving at light speed. And the more the corrupt raid pension funds engage
in new taxes, regulations, new insider cronyism. The more that accelerates, the more other
criminals are able to move in government and corporations. And it creates kind of a swarm
effect against which there aren't a lot of defenses other than having good people swarm
back at them.
And get in their face and sue them and criticize them and resist them. And that's why we've
got to get you active because when you just go to a city council meeting, that freaks
them out. When you go to one of their agenda 21 meetings and expose the fact you know it's
a global financial espionage takeover, it freaks them out.
When you run for office and for city or county or state and go to these debates, it freaks
them out. And it educates others and then you'll meet like minded people. And you could
start creating your own centers of resistance. Now, we're gonna go back to our guest and
cover the waterfront here, finish up with the financials, get into some of the geopolitical's
and then also talk about what's happening in the aftermath of his plane crash and we're
certainly glad he survived that.
But briefly, if you wanna wake people up, it is not just about what regions are the
safest area. And of course, that's in sub regions right around where you live. If you
can't go to these safest places in America, there are also places that you can go to in
your region. It's in the book, Strategic Relocation, third edition, available at infowarstore.com.
And you can also get the film I produced with Joel, Strategic Relocation, the film that
gets into the geopolitical, the world regions, the ethnic balkanization they use, all of
it is in this two and a half hour presentation.
There's also his book as well, The Secure Home, that is the Bible of securing homes
on a small budget or a medium budget or a large budget. You can get them all three together
or individually discounted at infowarstore or infowarshop.com. And your purchase also
supports the broadcast, so it's a win, win, win. You get valuable information and we also
get funding to continue our operations.
You can also call to free to get the books or videos 888-253-3139. And again, Joel Skalzen
is our guest. He is the editor and publisher of World Affairs Brief. And we'll put that
website up on screen for viewers here in just a moment.
Joel, I wanna move quick now, cuz I've got all my long winded points and you've got all
your points. Finishing up with what you expect to happen now, because here are some of the
headlines. It's official, banks in Europe may now seize deposits to cover their gambling
losses.
And I tuned into our news, Fox Radio, CNN, they're like, boy, Cyprus and the Cypriots
got the help they needed, a bailout, when it's not their bailout. It's pure global mafia
robbing a bank to prop up the EU. Here's another one, Europe, 100,000 savings now considered
wealthy, everybody above that 40% peeled out of your account.
And as Joel was just pointing out, the rich had already gotten the word, they're all exempt,
the truly rich. It's the middle class they wanna shut down. It's always the mega rich
robbing the middle class. That's what Bill Gates, all of them, that's what Warren Buffett's
about when he says raise taxes, he gets bailout money.
Cyprus bank bailout agreement is pure theft, 40% of private deposits to be looted from
selected accounts. Words of warning, get your money out of European banks. That's just some
of the headlines that are up on infowars.com and prisonplanet.com. But Cyprus strikes last
minute EU bailout deal, London Guardian.
It is not a bailout. A bailout would be a bank coming and bailing out the country that
has bad credit. But the very banks are giving us bad credit ratings, while they themselves
are the black holes of the derivatives. Joel, I know you've studied and written about this
for decades. Again, if you just joined us, Joel Skalzen was a Marine Corps aviator and
Vietnam carrier.
Guy, we're gonna talk about his crash landing a few weeks ago here in a moment. But you
hear me throwing all this out, the sense of alarm in my voice. Why are they so bold as
to start doing this? Is it a test to see if they can get the media to just normalize this
new direct taxation to the globalist?
Well, Alex, they actually had no other choice. There wasn't any money to extract. Normally,
as in Ireland, they required the taxpayers to pick up the tab for a portion of the bailout
on condition of them giving European money into them. They, in fact, did hand over 20
billion euros from the banking system, the central bank and the IMF to these banks to
make them whole. And they liquidated one and took money, what was remaining in that bank,
and gave it over to another one.
Remember that the 40% is only an average, Alec. Some people lost everything in this,
and the highest senior bond stakeholders maybe lost 10%. So it was.
Now we just lost Joel Skousen again, we'll get him reconnected via Skype. Hey, it's worth
it, it sounds better than phone line. Now again, ladies and gentlemen, this is affecting
the entire global economy. And yes, the EU does not allow, at least on paper, for governments
to then bail themselves out.
So how it's done is they just take it directly out of the bank accounts. Truly, truly unprecedented
that all of this is going on. And I watch television, I listen to the news. The average
American would have no idea. In fact, I probably heard Fox News Radio seven or eight times
this weekend and it was like, yeah, a tough bailout plan in Cyprus.
But the country saved. And then meanwhile, you read deeper, they're now admitting the
country is even in worse shape. And this is not going to bail them out at all. Moody says,
even with the New Deal. Even with the New Deal, Cyprus could still default and leave
the euro.
Joel, we've got you back here, back with radio connection here to the carrier base as you're
flying in. You cut out when you mentioned the point about some people lost everything.
See, my mind isn't even computing that. In fact, they talk about that in psychological
warfare, how our minds tend to automatically lessen how bad something is.
I forget the name of that, but I guess it's called denial. That's right. People accuse
me of exaggerating. It's worse than that. Some people had everything taken. Go ahead.
That's right. As I say, it was an average of 40 percent and most of the medium sized,
middle class, wealthy lost everything. The senior bondholders had a stake probably no
more than about 10 percent that they had to give up.
But you're absolutely right in the analysis that Cyprus simply has no income to service
this additional debt. They're taking the debt, but they're going to have to give more bailouts
until the gas comes back on in Cyprus. They've got huge gas reserves coming online, hopefully
in 2018. Until then, Cyprus is going to be in red ink, continually need more bailouts.
The Spanish and Portuguese savers are saying that they're next. I think you're going to
see some pretty stiff runs on the banks in Spain and Portugal and Italy as they transfer
money out of those banks into the safer German and Swiss banks, because they know now that
everybody's at risk of having their deposits grabbed.
Now, I want to mention one other thing. I've had a long history of people asking me advice.
I keep telling them, don't put your money in overseas bank accounts. Everybody wants
to avoid the IRS trap here and get the money overseas. And I said, someday you're going
to lose it because they're simply going to cut off access. And this has made believers
and a lot of them, you're going to see a run on overseas bank accounts repatriating it
back into the United States.
And so short term, this will probably help the dollar?
Absolutely. You know, the dollar is being helped right now by the fact that most countries
are inflating much higher than the dollar percentage wise. And that's why gold and silver
are flat and slightly declining, because the dollar is looking strong relative to all of
the other weaker currencies.
Now, I know you're familiar with Dr. Paul Craig Roberts, former head of the Treasury
and Policy, the father of Reaganomics. He says it's a triple bubble. I mean, obviously
that's true bonds. And then, of course, you've got stocks and well, and there's really more
than three bubbles if you count real estate and other things. But what is your take on
how long this can go?
Because obviously it's being orchestrated at many levels. But if Cyprus and Europe really
are having real problems, couldn't that cause a chain reaction? At first, it will make us
buoy, but won't it cause problems after that first bubbling effect?
It could if they failed to support it. I mean, they've got enough means with the huge dollar
base that they have to continue to inflate. The Fed can throw out almost nine trillion
dollars a year and not exceed 10 percent inflation of the money supply. So they've got a tremendous
power to continue to bail out. The great danger is if they get into a high inflation situation,
it would force interest rates up, which would collapse the phony recovery that we're seeing.
So I think they're going to work very, very hard to keep bailouts to the minimum. That's
why they had to take some of these deposits instead of make it a pure bailout so there
wasn't as inflationary on the euro. But they can keep going. And I believe they're going
to do whatever it takes to keep going until war comes, because war gives them cover.
They don't get the blame for any banking collapse. Then it's the war that causes it. So I think
we're going to see it stretch out until Russia and China finally attack the West.
Let me raise that issue with you, because I talked to them about the Koch brothers last
hour. I'm always being accused of working for them with no proof, so I did some research
on them. And they're globalist. They're tied into some of the big foundations. But they
are fighting in 2021 in the shutdown of their own plants, which even if you hate wealthy
people folks, it's going to increase your gas prices if they shut down the refineries
and the coal plants and things.
But they're the favorite demon. But then I look at Soros and people, and Berkshire Hathaway
shutting down the Keystone Pipeline, making sure China gets that oil. So they make the
profits. I agree with you that it's obviously China, Russia, and the Anglo-American establishment
is blocks.
You've got the bricks in between Russia and China. But those two authoritarian groups
don't trust each other either. What is the point of deindustrializing America if the
globalist aren't in full control of China? Why are they putting so many eggs, giving
them the Panama Canal, just giving them everything, giving them all our deep water ports on the
West Coast?
I mean, it is just incredible. A foreign air force couldn't bomb out our factories this
bad.
Well, I really don't believe that the Anglo-American establishment controls China. I believe China's
an independent predator. But I think that they have been helping build an enemy in help
as they have built Russia and helped Russia since the very beginning of the revolution.
They're still continuing to help China. And that's why we've seen, as I've covered in
the World Affairs Briefs, they continue to hire Chinese scientists into NASA research.
They continue to have exchanges into our weapons laboratories. They're really trying to make
sure they get all the technology they need to have the confidence to threaten the West.
Yeah, the number I saw was 10,000. And they just let them go right back with all the secrets
knowingly.
And they continue to hand out visas like water to Chinese students coming over to our top
universities. And they do very well in science. And they take back those secrets there, too.
But you know, there's a major sea change happening right now in Russia. And I'm going to do a
special edition of the World Affairs Brief coming out this Friday on what the Berezovsky
assassination means and what they have in store for the two other competitors, Roman
Abramovich and Mikhail Korokovsky, who's currently in prison but is getting ready to stage a
major comeback.
Okay, you just got to my next question, which I hadn't told you yet. Obviously, so many
people get killed, assassinated. And you know it's an assassination when, as soon as it
comes out, there's not even an autopsy. They say no foul play. No evidence that Borovoski
was killed, say police, locked in the bathroom. That's proof that he killed himself with a
scarf next to him, which would be a clear message that he was killed.
A big enemy of Putin, at least on the surface, geopolitically. Joe Scalzen, what does this
mean?
Well, you know, I had belief for many years because, you know, Putin met with Berezovsky,
according to Spanish intelligence, five times the year he ascended to the presidency. So
clearly Putin was a Berezovsky minion when he started out. But at some point, Putin and
Berezovsky had a falling out. I thought it was political theater. I thought it would
be stupid for Berezovsky to say from his London villa that he was going to finance a coup
against Putin. I mean, nobody would do that publicly if they were intending to do it.
But with the assassination of Litvinenko and Berezovsky now, who were very close, and Litvinenko
had in fact fingered a lot of the KGB, FSB, phony bombings of apartments in order to justify
their war on terror in Chechnya. He became put on a list for assassination and they took
him out and Berezovsky did himself. But interestingly enough, both Abramovich and Khodorkovsky,
the two younger wealthy oligarchs who are the wealthiest, not counting Gazinsky of the
media king there in Russia, these people both got their start into being wealthy through
Boris Berezovsky. And of course, Berezovsky lost this major court battle with Abramovich,
even though he had basically given him the stock and made Abramovich rich. Abramovich
took a run with it and essentially cut Berezovsky out. Khodorkovsky and Yukos Oil also did his
deal with Berezovsky and apparently cut him out as well. So it looked like there's some
major infighting between two other factions. Putin may be a third. I'm not sure which one
he's aligned with. But this is very serious. The Anglo-American establishment also got
their fingers in the pie. I found out that Mikhail Khodorkovsky had sold or given, I'm
sorry, given his shares in Yukos Oil to Jacob Rothschild, major player in the Anglo-American
establishment just before he was indicted and when he went to prison. So essentially-
That's happened repeatedly in the Rothschild's sue if people claim that, but then have lost
the lawsuits. So that's been reported in the Financial Times of London, absolutely. How
powerful are the Rothschild's? Well, I think they are the key base of money operations
of the globalists. And there is a major US component to that now, which competes with
them to a certain extent. But I think the Rothschild's are the biggest financial base
of the new world order that we're dealing with. What is their ideology? Because they're
reportedly, at least part Jewish, they've married into some of the royalty over there.
But I always see them also funding eugenics and just really nasty stuff.
Well, I think their ideology is globalist, which means that they're socialist of the
variety that believes in milking capitalism, not destroying it, not nationalizing. It's
a Fabian type of socialism. But they also play, as you know, the Hegelian dialect, they're
playing both sides. They've got their fingers in the Russian conspiracy this time. What's
interesting is that Horakowski is, in fact, the one who's promoting the return of communism.
That's right. And it was Rothschild's that helped finance communism.
That's right. But whether or not he really represents the underground communists that
right now control Putin. Putin is not running the show. Putin is a puppet. He runs from
the major communist conspiracy that faked their own demise.
Well, stay there. Let's break that down. And we can't hold you into the next hour to cover
the plane crash. Believe me, it was incredible. We'll be right back. Stay with us.
If you're listening, you know, your basic freedoms are being threatened every day. If
you're listening, you know, the economy is not getting better. You know, gas and food
prices are skyrocketing. Now is the time to get prepared. For years, we've told you about
our friends at E Foods Direct. They have the best tasting long term, storable food on the
planet. This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long
term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing
you need most. Be prepared and get your supply from E Foods Direct. Right now is the best
time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give
yourself peace of mind and be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com
slash Alex. Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go
to efoodsdirect.com slash Alex. You can bet your life on E Foods Direct. Gardeners, here
comes another growing season, but don't use last year's soil. Maximize yields in your
survival garden with EM1 from Tereganics. EM1 is an organic soil conditioner, fertilizer
amendment and compost accelerant that provides a broad spectrum of beneficial microorganisms,
enzymes, trace minerals, vitamins and various organic acids. EM1 helps regulate the soil's
pH level and its soil microbes improving moisture retention and drought tolerance. Remember
last year's dry conditions? EM1 from Tereganics is safe, chemical free and certified for use
on all organic farms. It improves plant quality, size, color, flavor and gives up to 20% more
nutrient value in fruits and vegetables and greatly increases shelf life. And EM1 is so
simple to use, just mix with water and apply. This year, prepare your crisis garden for
maximum yields with EM1 from Tereganics.com. Order now at T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X.com or call
toll free, 866-369-3678. That's 866-369-3678. Tereganics, life's getting better. Hello,
this is Ty Bollinger, author of the bestselling book, Cancer Step Outside the Box. I want
you to know some very important information. In 1985, President Ronald Reagan requested
that Carnivora be sent directly to the White House at a time when only the President could
obtain this world-class healer. Now, 27 years later, Carnivora capsules are used around
the world to keep people healthy. Now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in
this age of superbugs with 17 naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal
cells only without harming a single normal cell. If you want to stay healthy, now's
your chance to literally wake up your critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders that
don't belong in your body. Call 1-866-VenusFly or order from Carnivora.com. That's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A.com.
That's 1-866-836-8735, 1-866-VenusFly or visit Carnivora.com. Protect your immune system.
It's the only one you've got.
Monday through Friday from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. we're here live weeknights. We're back
7 o'clock central with Infowars Nightly News. You can find all the details at InfowarsNews.com
or PrisonPlanet.tv. You can get 11 memberships for $5.95 a month. It's a master membership
you can share with up to 11 people simultaneously, yourself and 10 others. Very few will tune
in every night at the same time. So you probably share it with 20, 30 people. And it doesn't
work sometimes, just get another membership. Great way to wake people up, very well produced,
hard hitting Nightly News, 7 o'clock central, 8 o'clock eastern. We also come back Sundays
4 to 6 p.m. Joel's gonna be with us 20 minutes into the next hour. I thought, take a few
phone calls for Joel after we come back in the next hour and tell his plane crash story.
A few phone calls for Joel. If you've got any questions, his website's WorldAffairsBrief.com.
Our sites are Infowars.com and PrisonPlanet.tv. And again, you're listening to the Alex Jones
show here. After he leaves us, I got a bunch of news and your phone calls I'm gonna get
back into. Joel, before we start the next hour and get into your plane crash and some
other issues, it just seems like everything is accelerating, more murders, more hits,
more corruption, government going wild.
Even if it wakes people up, they want our guns. What is the impetus towards everything,
I would say accelerating 100% or more? Why is that happening in your research?
It's hard to say, Alex, despite the acceleration, there are certain fixed things that they cannot
accelerate and one of those is inducing Russia and China to attack the West and they cannot
get to a new world order without that attack. And so there clearly are prepping American
people and prepping militaristic, whether it's mercenary types or department of Homeland
Security to take down dissidents someday. Even though that is accelerating tremendously,
it takes a long time and a lot of people that they've got to gain to do that.
Sure, and so what do they do if this flips around against them and we figure out there's
an arms buildup, couldn't that actually set them back any more? Because I don't just put
a pretty face on this or perfume on a pig, I see this blowing up in their face. I see
this actually waking people up. It is waking people up, whether or not it
wakes up anybody in Congress willing to take them to task or cut funding, that remains
a very big question. The difficulty in even cutting funding to Obamacare, our Republicans
sabotaged that and funded it. I don't think there's enough strength to actually cut funding
to DHS. They bring out the idea that we're helping the terrorists if we cut funding to
DHS. We're a long way from winning this battle, even with the amount of backlash that we're
engendering right now. We have to keep it up. We have to put the heat on Congress. But
it should be half of Congress demanding an answer from DHS, not just 15 Congressmen.
But it is a victory that we've gone from them stonewalling to now it being forced out into
a national debate. Absolutely. It's still not a national debate
yet, but they're putting heat on them and so far they're stonewalling still.
Well, you're right. I mean, it's somewhat of a national debate, but it really needs
to become one on a full scale because then it will bring us back to the common sense
of why we have a Second Amendment. Well, whenever the media, with this much notoriety
about this with Breitbart and your website and everybody else talking about it, my website,
they're not saying a thing about the 3 billion bullets or the 2.1.6. And that means there's
a cover up. They basically want this buried. No, but you're right. It's well over 2 billion
now. And if you count all the other stockpiles by well over 3 billion that they've gotten
delivered or that have been ordered. I want to come back briefly and talk more
about the economy with you. And then at the 8 after when we come back in that next segment,
we're going with Joel Scales and to get into his plane crash that he survived by the grace
of God. Pretty amazing. If you haven't seen the news, but it's just Google Joel Scales
in and collect news. You can see it if you're a radio listener. We'll be right back with
a third hour. You are listening to GCN. Visit GCNlive.com
with
battery power so even if the grid goes down you are protected. It's completely
customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit
or shed. Getsimplysafe.com. SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install
yourself in under 20 minutes so there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home but SimpliSafe will stand guard protecting your
property 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again that's GetsimplySafe.com.
Waging war on corruption. Alex Jones on the GCM radio network.
Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network and now live from Austin Texas
Alex Jones. Joel Skalzen of World Affairs Brief is our guest for the 20-30 minutes.
I always enjoy talking to him and going back and forth. Some of your phone calls coming up.
Joel I briefly wanted to ask you, we sell a video after the tribulation that's got
a bunch of different pastors you know on there breaking down with the Bible
clearly says the rapture happens after the Antichrist is defeated. I was just
curious what your take on this is and and and just guessing as I don't know
your view on it. What do you make of how this is used regardless as a cop-out for
Christians who never fight evil because the end of the world is always around
the corner. I think more and more you know the fact that you know Christians
across this country think that God's gonna handle it all that's the main
reason they won't ever stand up against the total takeover because they think
the end of the world's next week. Well I agree this is a problem is something
that you know I struggle with a lot of my Christian friends who have that you
know kind of a benign benevolent apathy that God's in charge and therefore we
don't have to worry. Well you may not have to worry about your salvation if
you're born again if you're committed to Christ but you will fear in the last
days because I'm a belief that there's never been any time in history that God
has not put his own people through the fire of adversity in order to strengthen
them to make them stronger. This earth is a test life it's to test ourselves to
see how we will you know respond to this the promptings of the spirit of Wars as
it guides us through difficult times and I personally think that we're gonna go
through the tribulation I don't believe in the Cadillac Rapture that saves us
while we're still in good times and in the freeway I think prior to the second
coming which I do believe in I believe prior to the second coming people on the
earth will be crying crying day and night for deliverance that there would
be war upon this planet and only the intervention of God sending his son
again the second time will stop Satan's wholesale control of the world. So how
does it work they stage a nuclear war and then the Anglo-American
establishment takes tries to take over the planet with the Antichrist? Yes I
believe that they're gonna come out of their bunkers after this war starts with
a nuclear strike on military targets and they're gonna say you know the Russians
and Chinese deceived us we didn't know this was coming that's a lie of course
but sometimes and they'll say the only way to save ourselves now is to to join
in a militarized New World Order with the League of Democracies or some of the
new euphemistic sounding name for United Nations. NATO will probably become the
shock troops of the United Nations will bring out our secret weapon systems that
we've been developing not use them to protect the United States but use them
to militarize this world army and during this war I think you'll see the
government turn on its own people and say you know there are people among us
that are not supporting this war not supporting our troops that complain that
we the government knew this was happening that we're part of the problem
those people need to be rounded up and we call upon all Americans. No exactly the
New World Order will use it to go after their own domestic groups that that
aren't evil and they'll use it to take over the planet that's exactly what they
do. That's right and at some point you know it ends up with a battle of
Armageddon there's going to be a major conflict in the Middle East that will
and I don't think the current conflict even the attack on Iran will lead
directly to World War three I think North Korea is being preserved as the
trigger event for that war and that China and Russia aren't ready yet and so
I think but but one thing that the further intervention in the Middle East
will do as it's being done here in Syria and then Iran it will solidify our
reputation as the bully of the world handing to Russia and China the excuse
to attack the West someday. You know what really why I know God's real and all
this is real not just personal experiences and discernment when I study
the globalist they are all at the final equation Luciferians. Well how is there
not a Lucifer if the establishment wants us to be atheists so we don't even know
this games going on and then the top people they know Lucifer's in charge
they believe Lucifer's given them power all these globalists when you really
look into what they believe they think they've been given power by Lucifer it's
amazing. We'll be right back ladies and gentlemen after this quick break with
Joel Skalzen I am your host Alex Jones all free number eight hundred two five
nine nine two three one I had tried everything I'd cut back the amount of
food I was eating I was lifting weights and jogging but nothing was working my
body was literally starving for minerals and trace elements as well as key
vitamins and as soon as I had that I immediately could eat half of what I was
eating previously and be satisfied now there are hundreds of great products at
infowarsteam.com but I want to point out the three that have helped me
lose 37 pounds in just two months products like beyond tangy tangerine
holland burst and rebound when I started taking the tangy tangerine and other
products every day I lost more than 37 pounds in just two months now that's
results I want to challenge my listeners to go to infowarsteam.com and to
order just three of their products and you will see the changes in the way you
look feel and in your appetite almost immediately start your journey to health
and wellness today infowarsteam.com now that we have moved into the winter
season there is an increased need to support our immunity and health at
silver lungs we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection
of silver based products our most popular silver based products are the
32 ounce nano silver solutions our 2 ounce nano silver nasal applicators as
well as our all-natural silver soaps just released is our 100% natural silver
gel our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents which quickly
evaporate and leave the silver at the surface but rather we have formulated
our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera to
quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more
effectively visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what
silver based products are best for you that's www.silverlungs.com
if you're listening you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day
if you're listening you know the economy is not getting better you know gas and
food prices are skyrocketing now is the time to get prepared for years we've
told you about our friends at e foods direct they have the best tasting
long-term storable food on the planet this food will taste just as great 25
years from now as it does tonight a long-term food supply allows you to
freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most be prepared
and get your supply from e foods direct right now is the best time to stock up
and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies give
yourself peace of mind and be prepared act now and call 800-409-5633
or visit efoodsdirect.com slash Alex get free shipping on all orders for a
limited time call 800-409-5633 or go to efoodsdirect.com slash Alex you can
bet your life on efoods direct
waging war on corruption it's Alex Jones coming to you live from the front lines
of the info war
we're really seeing unprecedented things happening but there's also good news you
know the two Texas state troopers that pulled over the two attractive young
women and use the same glove to on video go inside their bodies they're been
indicted by the grand jury the state police commandant and the the the local
commanders all endorsed this and said no we're now gonna use the same glove and
and violate you without a warrant but the grand jury up in North Texas is
indicting them see we have the jury box the grand jury box the jury box we have
the cartridge box as well I don't want to go there we have the pin which is
mindier than the sword and the average police aren't even bad they're trying to
find bad ones there's a real fight going on for the heart and soul of humanity
right now and I've had success in my own life fighting tyranny so I know you can
have success Lord knows I mean my attempts to fight tyranny or ham-fisted
and and and you know downright obnoxious looking at times but you know what my
heart is good I'm really trying to do good and it's had a great effect and the
same thing for you out there this is an incredible life and people are so
unchallenged out there especially young people now they don't believe you know
that I was able to sneak in Bohemian Grove or cover military drills or you
know have big effects or help defeat legislation it just must all be fake
because everything's fake no it's not fake there's different forces at work in
this world take Joel Skousen you know his uncle helped expose how the mega
rich were funding communism he got laughed at at the time now it's well
known take Joel Skousen you know went off joined the Marines as a fighter
bomber pilot landing on aircraft carriers I can't imagine if people know
how hard and dangerous that is and like you know just what a balancing act it is
for people that can't even believe that I could sneak in Bohemian Grove when it
was a piece of cake past the Secret Service it's just this idea that less
and less are people actual doers on the field it is a culture of spectators
where they just think government is God and can do whatever it wants now that
said I won't take a few calls for Joel Skousen here until the bottom of the
hour that I'm gonna cover a bunch of news and special reports that we've been
covering but the toll-free number to join us on air if you have a question or
comment for Joel Skousen is 800-259-9231 now here are a few of the headlines that
we have up on infowars.com right now McCain gets behind Senate attack on
Second Amendment folks they're coming after our guns banning semi-autos
banning high-capacity mags banning private sale I mean they're coming so
just just realize we're in deep trouble call Congress DHS to buy 360,000 more
rounds of hollow point ammunition as their cover-up implodes that's at
infowars.com it's also top story on drugs report.com neo-cond war addiction
threatens our future Ron Paul has a new article out we have an infowars.com
Europe again anyone with over a hundred thousand euros in the bank is to have
40% to all of their money to be taken to be transferred to the mega-rich Cyprus
bank bailout again this is all happening and our news won't even say it's that
they're taking money they just call it a bailout so you know Cyprus is happy
they've gotten their bailout now now Joel I'll take a few phone calls here
for you today but first off you were on with us about a week and a half ago it
didn't even tell us that a day or two before you had what the local news and
the FAA and the police called miraculous and you know you just talked about the
Russian oligarch saying that was a killing I agree with you and I know
you're not a paranoid type guy and I mean perhaps this can happen on the type
of aircraft you were flying with tell us about the aircraft where it happened
what happened and just I mean I saw a lot of aviation sites saying that this
is one in a hundred that you survived plus you barely even got a scratch that's
right Alex you know when you train both in the military and facility and flying
you all your worst nightmare is an engine quitting and having to put it
down in a field somewhere I had trained for years on this it finally happened to
me I was about 12 miles away from my home airport and the engine started to
falter I turned on the low boost pump to try to get fuel to the engine having had
some fuel clogging in one other instance with this airplane normally the low
boost pump fixed it it did not in this case I turned on the emergency high
boost pump and the engine came back to life and ran fine I got into the traffic
pattern of the airport I pulled power back in order to slow down it's a 200
mile an hour retractable airplane pretty fast small experimental fiberglass sleek
airplane so it's not easy to slow down unless you pull power put down the
landing gear and the flaps and went to put power back on the airplane to
maintain altitude in it and nothing happened the airplane engine just
windmilled and after about 20 seconds analyzing and heading to the airport
trying to get my machine back online checking pumps and fuel position
indicators I it became obvious I wasn't gonna make the field lots of cars and
people in front of me and so I turned left into the farming area and prepared
to make an emergency landing I had read an article not two weeks before and one
of my flying magazines about a highly decorated Navy pilot who had killed
himself because he had not maintained airspeed and had stalled and spun into
the ground and so that was fresh in my mind I made sure don't get slow don't
get slow and I kept my speed up I as I was getting ready to touch down I began
to tumble when I hit first and I knew this was gonna be very bad within a
second and a half it was all over I was sitting in the middle of the wreckage on
the wing that had broken off from the airplane the airplane was cracked in
half shards of plexiglass all around I stepped out on the ground and I was
whole I had nothing wrong with me I was just amazing if not more so because in
the first impact my seat belt broke that's a 2,000 pound seat belt and it
broke and I didn't hit anything in that cockpit it was a miracle now that is
miraculous that really is miraculous how many times did the plane flip well it
cartwheeled approximately a tie a time and a half the wings as I say broke
apart from the fuselage the fuselage broke in half in fact if it hadn't
broken in half I would have had trouble unjamming and opening the canopy to get
out of the aircraft but because it broke in half I was able to just step out on
the ground but as I say when you break the seat belt it means you are being
ejected from the airplane and the seat belt did broke break but not only was I
not ejected my glasses were 200 feet away but I stayed in the cockpit and
didn't hit anything and that's just I don't have any explanation other than
some kind of angelic airbags I was about to say did you see you're guarding an
angel there well my life didn't flash before me I guess I'm needed to stick
around for a while what type of I mean it's a neat-looking little aircraft what
type of aircraft was it it's a glass air aircraft it's a 200 mile an hour
experimental aircraft retractable gear very fast and that's what you fly around
advising on secure homes around the country that's right I'm traveling all
of the time because I'm busy not only in my world affairs brief as editor but
consulting with people and designing high-security residences retreats for
people and you know the airplane keeps me from having to deal with TSA all the
time it's a great asset but I tell you what's amazing is that you came on what
on my show what a day and a half and then didn't even tell us it was like it
was no big deal well it was a bigger deal to my wife certainly who who was in
shock for two days but you know I was okay I thank the Lord profusely but I
moved on and of course I've been dealing with the FAA an accident investigation
and all those types of things since but I certainly didn't feel like I needed to
advertise that I'd been in an accident I did get quite a bit of notoriety
nationwide survivalist survives airplane crash ha ha ha man I tell you by the
grace of God expanding on that because I know that the quote authorities were
amazed at first what are they saying now about I mean I I believed just because I
saw you on TV with a small scratch in your nose was that already there no no I
did have a a couple of small scratches and I had a bruise for the seat belt was
where I broke the seat belt it obviously bruised me I didn't feel any of that the
first day well you must have hit really hard to break a 2,000 pound seat belt
absolutely and as I say not to have any broken bones and not even to hit the
jagged portions of the fuselage that were just inches away from my head just
had to be some divine intervention wow well you're here to expose the new world
order today the film is strategic relocation that I produced last year
with Joel Skousen it is invaluable for everyone and your purchase supports the
broadcast and his work as well it's available at info war store dot-com you
can also call toll free 8 8 8 2 5 3 3 1 3 9 and I want to come back and take
some calls for Joel Skousen in fact I second you go to 20 after can you keep
going with this a little bit longer Joel I can Alex okay fantastic Joel Skousen
again the secure home that's also available at info war store dot-com or
8 8 8 2 5 3 3 1 3 9 and it's just good to get prepared it's it's good to think
about emergencies so when they happen your mind is already set in the mode of
survival in closing as we go to break I would imagine you probably saw some
pretty bad crashes in Vietnam out there on those aircraft carriers yeah in fact
I had a near miss myself where I lost power on approach to an aircraft
carrier and actually went down below the deck of the level before the engine
caught and finally came back up it was very dramatic to see on the video camera
afterwards everyone thought I was lost in fact yeah we had dinner once he told
me that story in fact I think they said that was miraculous from all the things
they'd seen as well it's amazing how you think as you know where am I gonna put
this aircraft if you're worried about hitting someone or killing someone and
fortunately it didn't happen that that's like that movie The Great Santini you
seen that yes I have pretty good movie huh you like that movie yeah Robert
Duvall who doesn't like him all right Joel Skousen what a character he's on
our show a day and a half after I'm like griping about audio you got to get a
better Skype thing which he has done meanwhile he's he's he's literally been
probably saved by angels undoubtedly folks protected by Providence your calls
coming up nothing is more American than diamond gusset jeans 100% American made
since 1987 soft and broken in from the start yet more rugged and durable than
any gene you've ever worn have you ever experienced mis-sized jeans from China
well you won't with diamond gusset every pair is crafted to fit exactly the same
and always feel like they were custom-made need a 35 37 or 39 waist how
about a 31 inseam we keep all sizes in stock for the fit you need looking for
relaxed fit slim fit regular fit boot cut or straight leg we got you covered
buy the world's best fitting jeans at gusset.com or call 1-888-8GUSET
get free gusset targets for the next time you go to the shooting range with
the purchase of their new Ranger jean use code comfort when ordering to
receive free shipping and all gusset orders at gusset.com that's gusset.com
to get only the best all-american jeans we travel so much and having a fake TV
well it gives added peace of mind burglars look for houses that appear to
be easy targets but fake TV can fool even professional burglars into thinking
someone is home watching television as a recent widow living alone it gives me
great peace of mind to set my fake TV near a window and know that passing
motorists and pedestrians will think someone is home watching TV when I'm
actually away from home fake TV easily plugs into any outlet and they're so
easy to use you just plug them in and they're ready to go plus they're so
affordable that we have one upstairs and downstairs fake TV is only $29.95 with
free shipping order your fake TV by calling 877-532-5388 or go to
fake TV dot-com that's 877-532-5388 or fake TV dot-com fake TV the burglar
deterrent making the right decisions is a challenge to investors are we going to
see economic growth slide into a recession or at worst depression hi Ted
Anderson from Midas resources we all know when a company acts irresponsibly
divesting ourselves in a move towards safety is prudent when the market
becomes volatile US Treasures are a safe haven but what do you do when the US
government overextends itself and spends beyond its means many investors are
turning toward gold as a common-sense alternative to traditional paper
investments Midas resources has put together a powerful book titled 10
reasons to own gold discussing costs benefits risks featuring full-color
illustrations weights and measures the book is free and can be yours by calling
800 686 2237 paper investments are dwarfed by gold 6,000 year history
discover how gold may be right for you and your IRA by calling 800 686 2237
whether buying or it's time for you to sell the book is free call 800 686 2237
we all know that Berkey water purification systems are the most
trusted name in water filtration as an authorized Berkey dealer for over six
years in serving thousands of satisfied customers the Berkey guy offers amazing
specials for Berkey water filtration systems the Berkey light systems include
a set of self sterilizing and re-cleanable black purification
elements that purify water by removing chlorine pathogenic bacteria cysts and
parasites to non-detectable levels and remove harmful chemicals such as
herbicides and pesticides order the Berkey light system today complete with
two black Berkey elements for only two hundred and thirty one dollars and the
Berkey guy will ship your order free of charge with the purchase of a Berkey
light the Berkey guy is also offering a set of fluoride and arsenic filters for
only thirty nine ninety nine that's over thirty percent off the retail price call
the Berkey guy at one eight seven seven eight eight six three six five three
that's one eight seven seven eight eight six three six five three or order online
at go berkey.com that's go berkey.com today
we're back you found at the tip of the spear in the fight for human liberty
those cows is our guests will about 40 after that I promise I'll get to the
rest of the news I haven't covered yet and some other breaking news and some
video clips and audio clips we're gonna be playing here but going back to
Joel Scowles in here I've got a few questions but I'm gonna ask him those
after we take some calls I'm gonna ask him to talk about drones robots what
that does for the global is to not have humans and the decision-making equation
take soldiers out of the way who can refuse illegal orders I'm gonna ask him
about that and I'm gonna ask him one other question about what are they gonna
do with us as our credibility rises as everything we warned about unfolds and
we're gonna be like rock stars but in a bad way believe me this isn't fun being
right about this so I just wait wait on your answers Joel Scows and of a world
affairs brief calm and Alex Jones of info Wars calm if you just joined us
let's go to Carl in Florida and you're listening on the free Android app Carl
thanks for holding go ahead yes sir Alex Jones thank you for having me thanks for
calling buddy go ahead well I have a question for Joe first of all thank you
for being alive my friend that was crazy story just oh yeah I have a question
with well I say it's both for you and Alice actually with all of the class
action suits going on is it better a to go with the class action suits or to
sue personal first of all you're talking about suing who I'm talking about such
as like the fluoride and I'm not getting any of this audio oh I'm sorry we'll
we'll send you audio caller I all right appreciate your call will relay relay
that over to you he was asking what about lawsuits against government when
they're doing corrupt things our class action lawsuits good or individual
lawsuits what's your view on leave on legal maneuvers like suing in New York
to block the the assault weapons ban of the ammo ban that's actually having some
success what's your view very rarely will the courts respond positively to
and if it's a matter of clear constitutional interpretation they'll
usually even refuse to take the case or they'll overturn it on appeal the courts
are very controlled nothing is more telling for example than William Griggs
blog freedom in our time where he documents all of the times that people
have taken the cops to court for abuse or for violating their fundamental
rights and only about 1% of the time will judges uphold a victim against the
police so I have very little confidence that that that will work is that why the
police on average a lot of them are actually good men and women I found but
but they've made such a hero psychology out of it that you're an enemy if you
don't do whatever the police want and I mean in some cities the police are
downright criminal organizations well that's absolutely true Alex and I think
more and more the good people in the police are being pushed out and retired
there that's what this entire mercenary system has been about hiring mercenaries
at ten times the cost of soldiers they're vetting they're seeing who is
unprincipled they're training and and hiring people for the dark side of
government cadre leaders yes it's incredible and the stories you told me
about family you know an FBI CIA how they try to get them to be corrupt if
they're not corrupt you know they stay at a low level it's like this army
captain people say well 20 years the army why was the only a captain you
know combat veteran all this stuff and now he's speaking out against Obama well
I mean that's not a sign of being bad that you didn't get promoted it's a sign
that you're good and in fact anyone who gets to be the highest ranks in the
military has to be a yes man the the two the one general and one Admiral that
were relieved for standing down or for refusing to stand down during the
Benghazi raid were in fact exceptions to the rule most people would have got
along they did not go along so it shows that even though they've been yes men
and to a certain point sometimes they have a line in the sand they will not
cross and have to be removed and they had to be silenced as well sure Fox
Fallon wouldn't attack Iran they remove what four heads of CENTCOM the last
seven eight years and and it shows yeah they were yes men to a point but now
what they're being asked to do is so flagrantly criminal that they're not
doing it in fact it's now come out Fox Fallon would not launch a fake attack on
one of his destroyers with Navy SEALs of sigh hearse brought that out imagine
being asked to kill your own people and blame it on somebody that's right and so
that's what they deal with and that proves my point that everybody who does
the bidding of the the globalist isn't necessarily a conspirator there's a lot
of yesmanship there's a lot of predictability they depend upon and then
there's there's subtle threats there's giving them false reasons you know
there's a control system but it's beneficial people need to be controlled
but at some point as this gets worse as you have said today we're going to be
proven right and they've got to deal with that the fact that a lot of people
will see conspiracy really does exist to take away Liberty Joel Skousins our
guests world affairs brief calm I'm Alex Jones with prison planet TV we're
streaming live video right now if you're not a subscriber for 55 cents a month
it's 11 memberships for $5.95 a month that's less than 55 cents per person I
don't know what planet you're living on it's the ultimate tool to wake people up
get a membership share it with friends and family prison planet TV we'll be
back with more of your calls the Empire's on the run Alex Jones and the
GCN radio network
you devastating events like earthquakes tornadoes floods hurricanes or the
threat of martial law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for
emergencies as a result millions are stockpiling food gold and weapons but
how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill
supernatural silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency
supernatural silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective
against bacteria viruses moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care
taken internally or used topically it can help keep you safe from deadly
pathogens supernatural silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf
life making it the number one choice of preppers across the country to find out
how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared go to supernatural
silver comm use the promo code prepared for 20% off your entire order and like
us on Facebook if you want an American company with American products made by
Americans here is the cow bend soap company Alex and his staff have used
these pure soap products for years these all-natural soaps are made from the
highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth-friendly and safe
see them on the web at five star soap comm or call 800 340 7091 for a free
catalog buy the one to two months sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice
as good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of
soaps for all your cleaning needs this is an amazing deal you can save
thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel see
them on the web at five star soap comm or call 800 340 7091 for a free
catalog Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers the prognosis
for the entire planetary economic system runs from bad to worse the globalist
model is to shut down societies and starve Patriots out until they acquiesce
to the global takeover that's why we've assembled the most vital and important
preparedness items at info wars shop comm these are items that I did research on
that I personally use you've got the life straw so you can turn fetid water
into safe water anywhere you go the K tour hand crank generator to charge up
key equipment during power outages are out in the field strategic relocation
third edition by Joel Skousen when disaster strikes by Matthew Stein
thorough safe used by Homeland Security to protect yourself during any
radiological event and crank shortwave am-fm radios everything that we've
researched and found to be the best is available at info war shop calm and your
purchase makes our info war possible we're getting prepared are you info wars
shop calm
live from Austin Texas broadcasting worldwide it's Alex Jones
all right folks we are back live as we are every a weekday 11 to 2 central
Joel Skousen's our guest I want to take five or six more calls for him and then
let him get on about his business while we take calls from people like Mike and
Tennessee listing on WM QM and others at Joe AJ Doris Brendan will at least get
to those five or six calls but Joel Skousen again if you're just joining us
Alex Jones here back live thank you for joining us Joel looking at this the
rat the the mad dash the Holy Grail by the establishment in MIT publications
DARPA publications everywhere is that the elite are gonna have a singularity
by 2025 now the media always covers this and says that I believe this I'm not
saying this not just Ray Kurzweil but the UN all of them at the highest levels
they believe that they're gonna merge with machines and live forever and
become godlike totally delusional some of their forebears and the eugenics
intermarried in her bread thing it would create God men and it created
stillborn children if you look at the Hugsley's in the wedge woods and the
Darwin's and the Galtons and others 150 years ago in England but they're the
progenitors of all this and now today they say we're gonna have all drones
which will be but choosing their own targets in fact the British in the US
already have autonomous drones we're gonna have robots that work on robots
Foxconn's already rolling out a million of those in China they say humans won't
matter and we're going to have you know say a swarm of a thousand little robots
that come in your house and and and you know basically poison you now they're
moving in that direction undoubtedly they're moving towards a Skynet system
where it's not machines going after humanity but humans the technocrats as
they call fancy themselves going after us so as a military guy military
historian researcher who's looked at all this I've never heard you speak to it I
may have missed articles you've written what is your take on the globalist and
their pipe dreams and their technocracy and where you see all that going Joel
Skousen it's it's hard to say Alex the they're always thinking ahead you know
we have to remember as you have said many times as dr. Stan Monteitha said
this is a satanic conspiracy at the core it's the only thing that explains this
generational effect why this goes on century after century in a seamless
manner no single evil individual capable of keeping something a conspiracy going
for three generations let alone 10 or 12 or longer but the key to how this
operates is this form of immunity and I've hypothesized that not only does the
conspiracy promise immunity on earth against judgment and that's why they
have to control the courts but it also promises immunity from God's judgment
and that's what this quest for immortality is all about you know it's
part of the the facade that you can live forever without God without the
resurrection without the atonement without Jesus Christ and I don't think
they'll ever get to that I don't think it's possible I think it's a violation
of the the limitations of physics that the God places upon the earth I mean
obviously he doesn't restrict himself to the speed of light he can make
right-angle turns at hyper speed but human beings can't and I think there's
certain limitations about this testing portion of the planet that man no matter
what they're promised by Satan won't be able to do but they will try and I know
that eugenics is part of that they are going to use war and other biological
chemical weapons vaccines and other things to destroy a lot of people but we
do have the ability of God to guide us and direct us and help us there will be
a remnant preserved we will be able to fight back that's part of the test on
earth this is not a hopeless situation no matter how much power that they have
so while I don't and cannot project if they're going to get as many of these
super weapons or life that they I doubt it frankly I think that ultimately God's
going to support that and going to help us to a certain extent to be able to
share how does a human intellect control super AI computers to begin with if they
ever even achieve that I mean how they think they're going to be able to even
interpret all the data that the machine is is engaged in and if it isn't quote
an evil computer it might be totally logical if they ever created AI machines
they would probably wipe out the globalist and they might not be able to
control them that's right so I think though that they will get and that's the
purpose of the drones that's the purpose of not only for surveillance but to be
able to target people without the influence of conscience that affects
everybody including evil people they are being convicted of what they're doing as
they do it and they will be held accountable someday and they want to
avoid that accountability they want to avoid that conflict of conscience that
occurs it happened in Bosnia with the Air Force pilot it refused you know to
fire on this civilian convoy that was down there it happens even less now with
the drones because the the guys operating the joysticks at Creek area
Creech Air Force Base in Nevada don't have the same connection with their
targets and if you notice the media talks about how they're such heroes and
they were giving a medals above Purple Hearts and and then Lindsey Graham the
senator said we're not the SS you know when we do it it's good but then you
hear the whole culture now let's kill those you know you know those Arabs
those you know what's those sand inwards it just really is sick and yes
absolutely the targeting of civilians is just a terrible thing and they're
trying to take our humanity away from us which they cannot do and so they're
trying to evade the humanity the the influence of conscience that works on
people and and that's that's the issue while his Skype is reconnecting there
we've had more problem with Skype then we've ever have it that's okay because
the quality is a little bit better for radio listeners Skype gives you better
audio but most the time but it also gives you video and that's why we have
the TV portion of the transmission at prison planet TV Joel as we if you take
a few final calls here we didn't get much into combat in Vietnam but I mean
I think you told me about the stress of pilots after long missions coming in at
night in bad weather or whatever having to pry people out of the planes but I
mean did you ever have issues with targets where or did you ever see people
not not go after already pre-marked targets if it was clear that civilians
were there well you know I my squadron just came back from Vietnam when I'm
joined it so I actually did not see combat in but I did talk to many of them
about their their situation and yes they did have problems with with targeting
though it's very difficult from a fast-moving fighter jet to be able to
determine whether they're civilians or whether or not they're bad guys you know
scurrying out of the buildings but clearly there were a few situations when
they rejected targets and actually did not drop on targets that looked like
they were mostly women and children and that's what's interesting now because
the first time they did target men women and children was World War two Hitler
bad guy obviously but did not target London because he didn't want to kill
men women children so the United States in England launched attacks actually
England it at first to bomb civilian targets to trick Hitler into attacking
civilians to unify them and then that's how that unrestricted warfare it's
really a war crime got started I've heard limbaugh say you know part of war
is killing civilians we want to create terror of course he's never been in the
military he's never studied history I don't think or he wouldn't make a
statement like that but this idea that hey it's okay to kill 200 innocent
people as long as we get one bad guy they claim and call it collateral damage
well that shows you they're not really concerned about dead kids at Sandy Hook
or they'd be crying about villages of dead children in Afghanistan plus even
if you're mean you don't want to kill villages of kids it turns everybody
against you a hundred and ten percent if you're trying to occupy someplace you do
not want to kill children do you well that's right and that's why you know
historically even the most evil criminals have never gone into
kindergartens and killed people only people that are mind-controlled or
hypnotized or in some way drugged up or in combination of all those three are
capable of doing the crimes of Sandy Hook and that's why I'm absolutely
convinced that was a government crime putting people up to it no no I you know
I really respect your view and I read your site all the time and have you on
but I've just been so busy I hadn't looked into your view all I know is this
Aurora and remember they did fast and furious which is a false flag they're
capable of anything as Larry Pratt has said head of Gunners of America but you
look at Aurora there's no doubt he's in a DARPA program 30-something thousand a
year high-level Air Force psychiatrist attached to him the DARPA program is in
a mind-brain interface with computers it's a mind-control area he's on seven
drugs he says I'm under mind control at the jail then they cover that up and now
they're gonna drug him with with with truth serum which if you're under
mind-control for those that don't know they use that in mind control to quote
make him tell the truth at trial I mean this is amazing and then you look at
Sandy Hook it's got all the same signs Joel give us your take on that well I
knew something was up when Holmes as soon as he was taken into custody the
one thing the police let through was his psychiatrist to give him his meds and
that means that they realized he was starting to talk out of school once
those meds had worn off he admitted that he was drugged and they had to get him
drugged back again and he looked like a zombie when he appeared at his first
hearings and now they're gonna drive him again because I've seen some of those
drawings of him when he's not drugged he looks normal they could grab any of us
drug us we're amnesiac we don't remember anything and they just blame us this is
the oldest trick in the book and man that really shows you how nasty the
Obama people are why are they so confident cuz I agree it's blowing up in
their face but they're moving forward Joel well they are and we're gonna see
more sandy hooks I don't think this gun control agenda is gonna pass I think
they're gonna get you know at best they're gonna get the enhanced
background checks which means basically there's no more private sales without a
bet and they'll start to build a list but they still won't get a list they're
going to need to do the grandfather thing that's a very powerful and evil
agenda when they ban assault weapons and they say if you have it and I think
someday they're gonna say you can have any weapon but you're gonna have to
register it they're gonna need that in order to get a confiscatory rest that
they will use absolutely man I tell you though I mean I don't just get up here
on say I believe something staged if it isn't they keep doing it in Colorado
this was close to Littleton Littleton the whole thing with Harrison Kleibold
totally staged if you look at the real news of that hundred and twenty seven
bombs in the building half the school empty they did training videos part of
the school of a mass shooting DARPA connections to that I mean you look at
all these things it is amazing they had a mass shooting outside Fort Worth I
don't know like 14 years ago and it was in the local news that neighbors saw the
Navy veteran being drug out being drug out to his van out to a white van and
driven away a week before he went and shot everybody I mean it's just like
with with with the Aurora Colorado shooting I mean it is the most cut-and-dry
mind control where they're just doing it out in the open I mean in a DARPA
program Theodore Kaczynski was in the CIA MK ultra program that's LA Times
that's Associated Press I showed you that last Friday I showed people that
the articles I mean this is so insane all right we're gonna go ahead now and
take some phone calls here Joe in Pennsylvania you're on the air Joe in
Pennsylvania you're on the air go ahead and ask your question while we're
getting Joel back okay yeah first of all I want to thank you guys for everything
you're doing I'm a longtime listener and I support all you guys but I have a
question there's a lot of talk going on I've been listening for years about all
these things that are happening and it's happening faster and faster and we're
losing more and more my question is to the leaders that are in this movement
such as yourself and Joel and all the others that are out there when when it
comes time have you ever thought about what's gonna happen when the proverbial
crap hits the fan have you ever considered taking like your own
resources together to save as many poor people as you can from the things that
are gonna happen because what I found is if you try to just quote share
everything you've got up front then it just gets dissipated poor people don't
know how to take care of themselves then you're poor you have to build systems to
try to empower as many people as you can and then see I just don't see all this
as a foregone as a foregone conclusion and I am trying to get my family and
people I know around me ready I'm trying to get everybody out there ready with
some basics before things degrade so that those of us that are awake and
aware have a better chance Joel you know I think so many people have tried to
fashion let's just assume the worst case scenario we do suffer nuclear war they
do put us into a new world order in reaction to that there's no way you can
prepare and gather people in advance people have jobs people have varying
financial circumstances and even if you were able to get together knit together
a very big group you'd get infiltrated there'd be in fighting what I think is
going to happen is that if we like you're doing now and what I'm doing Alex
trying to get people to prepare for both scenarios if we win that's fine but we
at the same time we have to prepare for a takedown we have to prepare for a loss
in advance prepare an orderly retreat if people have prepared so that they can
survive this nuclear war I think we're going to have to rely upon the
individual inspiration of God as people are driven out you know right now we're
all spread out around the world I think God is going to drive people out of the
big cities when no longer have jobs to keep them there and they're gonna make
us get for self-sufficient they're gonna feel the inspiration to go to places
where it's safer and they're gonna congregate to places which have have a
reputation for being safer and then we'll have a majority of people in those
areas that will be able to contend with the New World Order and re-establish
Liberty exactly here's an example of the caller if I randomly went and got 10
poor people brought into my house and said I'm gonna divide everything I've
got up amongst you they would start fighting with each other and I'm telling
you the way this works someone would probably end up killing me I mean it's
just you get that's the thing about redistribution you cannot you've got to
teach people how to catch fish not feed them fish and and and I mean that's
really the message I'm giving people that's why the globalists want you
dependent and want you to not know how to do anything that's why they teach
kids 2 plus 2 doesn't necessarily equal 4 and see that's not a joke now they're
teaching kids how to be basket cases as part of the takeover Joel and as I say
you know that's why I don't even recommend that people try to join
survival groups like the Citadel forming a walled city it just makes you a target
I think it is sufficient for people to prepare as best they can and if they
can't afford a retreat they prepare where they are they get to a fairly safe
place in the outskirts of cities they prepare to leave when times get bad and
then I think we can knit together a society and and I believe in informal
networks of people of support networks not that you have to meet every week or
make yourself a target but informal lists of people in your own mind that
you know you can try exactly people always say trust me trust me trust me
you can only trust somebody you really know I always say don't trust me know me
and then you will have trust go ahead Joel well I mean do you agree with that
statement I just made yeah his Skype went down again it's it's it's been
really really rocky here but we've had him longer it's been a great interview
so far and Joe does that answer your question yeah in a way it does I just
feel really bad because there's there's so many people that are poor that want
to do things that are not going to know where to go and they're going to be
looking for leadership and I just would hate to think that their options are to
just walk themselves into those camps when oh no they're going to join the
FEMA Brigade and though and then they give it a machine gun to take out the
terrorists I mean it's gonna be fun well I wouldn't feel bad for the average poor
people they're gonna be used as the new soldier force that you know those that
can't take care of themselves against whoever was self-sufficient and bring us
back to the camps and make us work for them that's actually gonna be poor
people in black uniforms and machine guns at us we're gonna be in the fields
working for them okay we'll be right back stay with us if you're listening
you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day if you're listening
you know the economy is not getting better you know gas and food prices are
skyrocketing now is the time to get prepared for years we've told you about
our friends at e foods direct they have the best tasting long-term storable food
on the planet this food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does
tonight a long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the
availability of the one thing you need most be prepared and get your supply
from e foods direct right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds
of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies give yourself peace of
mind and be prepared act now and call eight hundred four zero nine five six
three three or visit e foods direct comm slash Alex get free shipping on all
orders for a limited time call eight hundred four zero nine five six three
three or go to e foods direct comm slash Alex you can bet your life on e foods
direct hello this is Ty Bolinger author of the best-selling book cancer step
outside the box I want you to know some very important information in 1985
president Ronald Reagan requested that carnivore be sent directly to the White
House at a time when only the president could obtain this world-class healer now
27 years later carnivore capsules are used around the world to keep people
healthy now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in this age of super bugs
with 17 naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal
cells only without harming a single normal cell if you want to stay healthy
now's your chance to literally wake up your critical immune cells to attack
harmful invaders that don't belong in your body call one eight six six Venus
fly or order from carnivore calm that's car ni vo ra calm that's one eight six
six eight three six eight seven three five one eight six six Venus fly or
visit carnivore calm protect your immune system it's the only one you've got
digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins that bears
repeating digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins and
Pro EM one daily probiotic cleanse is the key to digestive health Pro EM one
is a powerful liquid probiotic strong enough to cleanse gentle enough to use
every day Pro EM one is dairy wheat and soy free contains all-natural and
certified organic ingredients contains no preservatives or animal products
supports the healthy digestive and immune system supports weight loss
improves absorption of food nutrients aids in controlling yeast infections is
never freeze-dried and uses three groups of live viable beneficial microbes to
cleanse and remove toxins order Pro EM one daily probiotic cleanse at
tereganics.com spelled t-e-r-a-g-a-n-i-x.com tereganics.com or call toll-free
eight six six three six nine three six seven eight that's eight six six three
six nine three six seven eight Pro EM one the raw probiotic
all right ladies and gentlemen here's the bottom line usurpers and dominators
always want to disarm people the British government was turning the colonists
into basically sharecropping slaves they came to take the guns Santa Ana Mexico
had invited people in because they couldn't hold the area they came in
they built farms Santa Ana was coming to take property guns everything people
fought back mayor Bloomberg McCain all these police chiefs that work with them
they are Santa Ana they are King George the third they are tyrants and they're
going oh we want to be reasonable we want to be nice while they armed to the
teeth against us the article is up on prison planet calm and info Wars calm
McCain gets behind sneak attack on Second Amendment to ban private sales
to ban high-capacity mags this is a way to hunt us and make us the new prison
fodder to fill the prisons final segment with Joel Skousen of world affairs
brief calm Doris in Tennessee thanks for holding real quick question for Joel go
ahead hello yes ma'am I really agree with everything that you say and what my
main concern is right now is the corruption of this government and now
we're being indoctrinated with you know I love Rosa Cory but I don't want to
say these commercials on TV for same-sex marriage Fox News is running them
constantly well no sure sure I mean let's expand on this it's not that we
dislike people for whatever they're doing I mean we're all you know do
things that you know in God's system God sees as bad it's the issue is they're
forcing it on kids they are trying to end the family and they're trying to to
to sexualize children everywhere and it it is very evil so I guess that's a
question for Joel Skousen I mean that is part of the plan is to destroy the
family Joel Skousen it is and they're using the doctrine of rights to say you
know this is just not right that we cannot exercise the right to be married
but it is a misunderstanding of the doctrine of rights they have the perfect
right to go ahead in private and have whatever relationships they want they
don't have the right to force other people to accept that however and that's
what we lost in the civil rights movement we lost the right of private
discrimination and it's a fundamental right if you don't have the right to
disassociate then you've really lost a major fundamental right that can force
that upon me here's the deal all of these groups that are saying they're
being persecuted have diverse people in them but but but the ones that
globalist are controlling are wanting to force us to accept everything they're
pushing including euthanasia I mean it's the whole agenda is just anti-life I
mean the globalist I have the I have the university documents I cover it in
in-game 2.0 the extra to it that's on prison planet on TV where we read the
you know the stuff where they said we're gonna promote homosexuality show that we
can reduce population in the family I mean you know and then and then I've had
people in Whole Foods demonize my three kids and tell me I shouldn't have three
kids they're discriminating against me I'm sorry Joel go ahead well there is a
war against the family and it's on a lot of sides whether it's birth control
whether it's abortion whether it's the discouragement of families but I believe
you know and we're losing the battle of eugenics basically because other more
socialist economies are out producing us the American white Christian family is
not producing as many children as they should and we should be having more
children we should be keeping them out of the public schools we've got to start
more homeschooling or using private schools to raise up a generation that
can withstand what's coming well look at the new Southern Poverty Law Center
report that actually says being white is inherently bad I mean I mean Ben they're
really I mean it's almost meant to make whites become racial I mean it's like
so openly saying white men are bad period well we're certainly leading the
point we're gonna be a minority someday and you watch we won't have the same
minority rights they're pushing for Latinos and other minority groups right
now well sure the global let's just use it as a divide and conquer strategy Joel
Skousen world affairs brief calm I want to get you back soon on the whole
Russian thing and so many fronts thank you for joining us my pleasure Alex get
his film strategic relocation in pole wars comm
thank you for listening to GCN visit GCN live comm today you prepare by
purchasing gold food and firearms but if you don't have a home security system
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection when
you're sleeping or away from home who's watching out for intruders check out
simply safe it's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely
wireless go to get simply safe comm simply safe is independent and off the
grid it runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down you're protected it's
completely customizable so you can use it in your home business boat trailer
storage unit or shed get simply safe comm simply safe is also ridiculously
easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes so there's no need to let a
stranger into your home if you move or need to relocate you can take the system
with you wherever you go you aren't always at home but simply safe will
stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day seven days a week again
that's get simply safe comm coast-to-coast direct from Austin you're
listening to the Alex Jones broadcasting network
big brother mainstream media government cover-ups you want answers well so does
he he's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network and now live from Austin Texas
Alex Jones
all right I'm doing overdrive for 20 30 minutes here before we got a rebroadcast
might as well just go back to four hours every day amazing that I'm so out of
control I've got all these special reports about a shoot tonight and a bunch
of other stuff we're doing with working on hiring more reporters and it's all
because you've been supporting us out there I salute you I want to thank you
you've also got drudge report comm we want to just thank good rudge for
helping push the bullet story out to be one of the big stories out there they're
buying three hundred and sixty million more bullets on top of that we're gonna
be breaking that down but Mike in Tennessee a WM QM 1600 a.m. listener
you're on the air go ahead good afternoon two quick questions first of
all how soon before someone walks into a bank and says this is a haircut give me
all the money well actually I've seen the editorial cartoons where you go up
to the bank window and they aim a gun at you and say but know that that's not a
stick-up on the bank just says 40% of your money's gone that's liberal and
loving and good and if you don't like it you're an extremist as the Southern
Poverty Law Center and ADL say the Federal Reserve is federal even though
it's admittedly private that played Greenspan saying that it isn't are you a
terrorist sir because no one had a walk and shoe gum is terrorism knowing how to
tie your shoelaces quite frankly if you know how to wipe your hand your hind end
sir you're a terrorist did you figure that out the public schools now teach
two plus two equals five okay yeah I mean literally they now teach that I
mean you're evil are you saying two plus two equals four because that's racist
it's Joel still on the liner see how he had to go he had to go go ahead if you
can share this with him ask him was this glass air RGA Chuck Hooper built plane
and was his tail number did it start with CG and if it did you need to get
back with me I probably can help him figure out what happened to it
guys pull up that video of his plane see if the tail number has CG in it it would
start off with CG I've got a relatives who's a manufacturer of those planes
they didn't they didn't make a lot of them and if he's got one I bet you his
fuel filler cap vent was clogged well it's amazing he didn't get hurt worse
aircraft everything happens very quickly with that plane and they're very
critical little things make big changes real quickly and he is very fortunate he
certainly is you think he was smart to take the plane in fast yes definitely
yes that's you know hit the ground and slide on your butt is probably the
safest thing you could have done Wow well listen I really appreciate you
coming on with us as a caller good to hear from you let's talk to Scott in
Arizona Scott you're on the air go ahead
all righty Scott you want to go on air are you there all right we're gonna go
to break here in a few minutes we're gonna come back with Jake in Texas
there's an XM 166 listener and we're gonna go to jock in California that'll
be it for calls that I have time for here today because I want to hit on some
other news items that I have not even gotten to yet but I was just speaking
about again you're brought up you know my parents fiscally conservative but
when it came to like race issues and things you know liberal this is you know
kumbaya Christian stuff and again the globalist want divide and conquer but
then you have Michael Moore coming out saying 90% of guns are owned by scared
white people we're gonna play that clip when we come back that just shows of
course that's not true 90% of guns are not owned by white people actually went
looked up the best statistics they think and something around 60% of guns are
owned by white people because 60% of people above about the age of 30 or so
are white so it's pure lies but now see it's a racial issue turn your guns in or
evil whitey evil whitey gun owners are racist the NRA is racist when the NRA
was a Republican group founded after the Civil War to train Northerners how to
shoot better because they weren't growing up around guns most of them are
immigrants it was the south with the Ku Klux Klan that had the first gun laws
but that doesn't matter it's now racist to own a gun and over your money
hello I'm Alex Jones myself my family the info wars calm team want to relay to
you and your families that we are intensifying our efforts against the
globalist on every front info wars calm is leading the fight against the
technocrats but we can't do that without your help by getting the films bumper
stickers and t-shirts and info wars calm you will wake up people in your area and
support our operation as we move to the next level we need your help to spread
the word like never before they wish to hide themselves during this tectonic
battle between the forces of freedom and darkness you are the response to the
globalist technocrats and their program of global eugenics dehumanization and
ultimate extermination the war is here it's an info war the spirit of 1776
versus the mindset of 1984 are you still a traditional smoker now experience a new
lifestyle and try vaping with e-cigarettes by Lissig imagine no ashes
stains nasty smell or coughing and hacking with Lissig e-cigarettes
revolutionary micro electronic technology rechargeable battery and
unique replaceable cartridge you'll get all the benefits and satisfaction of
smoking without the hazards choose your taste from a wide variety of our new
american-made bakery at e-liquids at Lissig calm and Lissig smokes the
competition by serving thousands of worldwide customers with real people
customer service fast free same-day shipping and a 30-day warranty and
satisfaction guarantee so are you ready for a new vaping lifestyle then call
eight seven zero five one eight four three zero seven that's eight seven zero
five one eight four three zero seven or visit Lissig calm spelled le ci g.com
Lissig e-cigarettes for today's modern smoker March into big spring preparedness
savings this month at be prepared calm going on now emergency essentials and be
prepared calm save you 28% off your favorite beef and chicken combo entrees
save 24% on number 10 cans of freeze-dried raspberries or save 26% on
our freeze-dried strawberry slices with purchase of 12 or more Katadyn pocket
micro water filters are 27% off try our fruit flavored hydro pack combo water
filtering pouches in March by five ten packs for a 50% discount stock up on
wheat with a year's supply of grains for $70 off only at be prepared calm and
this month power up with a goal zero Sherpa 50 solar-powered recharging kit
at a hundred and ten dollars off MSRP and we'll throw in a free $50 emergency
essentials gift card the March sale ends March 31st at be prepared calm for
contents and details call emergency essentials at 800 999 1863 or click be
prepared calm the choice is clear be unprepared or be prepared calm
ease the t-rex of political talk Alex Jones on the GCN radio network okay this
is breaking news breaking news up at info wars calm and prison planet calm by
Steve Watson video hundreds of DHS armored trucks on the move more footage
of military vehicles being delivered services online they've admittedly
bought 2,700 more this year and we have videos of DHS HSI homeland security with
the armored vehicles patrolling in America with the armored vehicles
patrolling in America which they admit they're patrolling in America but when
we talk about it they say they don't exist and then point out that some of
the same vehicles are delivered to the Marines and the Army for overseas use to
kind of confuse everybody you see and and they'll do that as long as they can
just to make it a debate about does it exist instead of having the debate about
why are you militarizing police that's no secret no secret police departments
in your town I mean everybody's seen it in local paper where they get the
different armored vehicle some of them six-wheeled some of them four-wheeled
but they're getting these really heavy ones now that are being deployed and
I've talked to military I've been sent video they've got regular tanks cached
at many armories so we can punch this up here on screen for TV viewers if not
radio listeners just go to info wars calm and you can see you can see a link
to some of the YouTube videos that show these heavy armored trucks and it breaks
down where the MR AP trucks are are going to there's also Bradley fighting
vehicles painted up from the camo desert camo to the camo for here in the United
States and they've got all sorts of bulldozers and just you know you name it
with them super creepville and also if you go to drudge report.com you can see
the big story about 360 million more bullets 360 million more bullets here's
another headline Southern California seeks drone zone and again they'll just
condition you that it's for the border which they leave wide open and then over
time deploy it everywhere then right there 50-point swing on targeted drone
killings of US citizens and let's see what that article is about up at Drudge
I haven't even seen this yet this just broke and that's out of slate 50-point
swing against targeted drone killings of US citizens a year ago as the
presidential race was taking shape the Washington Post pollster asked voters
whether they favored the use of drones to kill terrorists or terror suspects
if they were American citizens living in other countries the net rating at the
time was a positive 65% for 26% firmly against a day after a month of Rand Paul
driven discussion how about drudge report calm driven and in full wars
calm driven I'm not giving I'm not taking credit away from Rand Paul it's
just you know we've been the ones pointing this out in the wilderness and
I'm just showing the power of our listeners and in drugs reports of course
is driven away over the top today after a month of Rand Paul driven discussion
on drone warfare Gallup poll asked the same question
should US drones be used to launch airstrikes other countries against US
citizens living abroad who were suspected terrorists suspected you
notice new numbers 41% for 52% against there's been a massive basically a
swing the other direction show there and of course Gallup is always
whitewashing things and I'm I'm sure it's way more serious than that most
people I know understand drones are very very serious because they also get
their robotic there's something even colder about the fact that it's a robot
and and and and more and more they are autonomous and then again DHS to buy
360 million more rounds of hollow point ammunition and then they say it's for
target practice when you don't use hollow points in target practicing
period end of story they cost up to four times as more as full metal jacket and
now they're buying over a hundred different types of weird ammo that no
feds use and the military doesn't use I mean everything from 3a to you know
seven millimeter mag 38 special I mean they're just buying it all they've got
it bought out years they can't even manufacture it fast enough I want to
know why manufacturers aren't creating a coalition to sell to citizens and to say
we're not selling to the feds there's already some coalition saying it's very
large thing we're not going to sell guns to departments that are anti-gun man
it's a big deal that we've dropped the crime rate 49% since 1991 that's the
latest numbers is 91 to 2011 20-year official FBI local numbers very accurate
the world standard statistics you can say a lot about Jaeger Hoover but he did
get statistics down he was obsessed with it he pretty much launched the modern
science of statistics that was actually codified off local numbers and it's a 49
whopper 49 whopper I mean criminals are scared and and then they say well you
don't need semi-auto to protect yourself from criminals I saw a video online that
we're gonna play on the nightly news tonight I'm gonna add some updates to it
where you know you know the top ten you know robbers shot and it shows robbers
running in actually shoot people they get shot and you need semi-auto the
robbers have semi-auto hey police if we don't need semi-auto to protect
ourselves we see that double-barrel shotgun I got an idea for you you don't
need semi-auto either I am now for gun control just like Jesse Ventura said you
turn your guns in now you turn your guns in now you turn your guns in government
you turn in all the semi-autos and you turn in the bullets and you turn in the
armored vehicles and the drones and the body armor what do you need that for
because you don't need those to protect yourself defensively of course that's
not true actually you need semi-auto they'd fetishize full auto but you
don't need that because it spray your whole clip and it doesn't hit what you're
aiming at you need semi-auto for target acquisition and you know the whole the
whole nine yards you got an enemy with semi-auto the criminals always have
semi-auto and I know you know this is gun owners the general public doesn't
know it okay and they're gonna ban our guns they're coming they're gonna stage
more sandy hooks they folks we take they staged all these things I've looked at
them now I mean it they are a bunch of murderers when you see those probed gun
confiscation people on TV a lot of licking their lips going you know too
bad Harry Reid's kids aren't you know grandkids aren't dead and all this and
let's show the dead kids and all this you're looking at some monsters let me
tell you a lot of them are in on the fact okay they know full well this is
about they're not trying to get your guns they really care about kids these
are monster authoritarian scum okay anybody wants your guns they want to
dominate you and your family and you know it let's go to Michael Moore
speaking of a disgusting pig like creature his soul is pig like not
because he's obese and looks like a that's mean to pigs this is a guy who
has five to six bodyguards armed owns guns his people been arrested having
guns illegal areas this pig this maggot this this hypocritical blob who works
for the globalists and the tyrants who poses as a liberal this authoritarian
scumbag enemy of humanity okay this guy says it's basically racist to own guns
scared white people I mean you are such a piece of garbage trying to create
racial division as best you can let's go ahead and go to the pig the garbage the
filth the words that describe the degeneracy and the lyrical evil of this
Viper here is Michael Moore you realize that over 90% of the guns in this
country are owned by white people in the suburbs and in rural areas 90% of our
guns are not owned by african-americans hispanics minority groups they're owned
by white people now what are these white people so afraid of out in the suburbs
are they thinking little redhead freckle-faced Jimmy down the street is
going to you know kill them mug them actually they are I don't think so are
they afraid the guy next door is gonna is gonna break in and steal their their
TV no because they know the guy next door makes 50 $60,000 a year so poverty
and racism see this is a redistribution it's pretty much the same answer for a
lot of other that's enough we're not editing it just cut out in the YouTube
club okay and and the full clips up on info wars calm if you want to go watch
it but I mean there it is you are inherently bad if you've got $50,000 a
year that's the new rich if you've saved a hundred thousand euros that in Europe
I mean it's so expensive in Europe that's like having $30,000 saved on
average 30 imagine if you save your whole life of $30,000 so you could
retire for one year you need a million dollars now to really retire
comfortably and say live 15 years of course now they're saying you can't
retire to your 80 or something okay so if you look at all of this and you break
all this down what is what is Michael Moore saying he's saying that that it is
inherently bad a to be white and to live in the suburbs and have 50 $60,000 a
year and that you're racist because you don't want someone to expropriate your
wealth and rob you and by the way let me tell you something living out in the
country if there are mainly cool white people in your area you're worried about
white people breaking in your house or anybody I mean I don't talk to anybody
who goes I've got guns cuz I'm worried black people are gonna come out here and
rob us you know actually in the country it'll be like meth head hillbillies that
rob your house and now now if if I was in a predominantly black neighborhood say
Harlem that has a high crime rate on black and white doesn't matter then I
might statistically be scared of guys that look like criminals who happen to
be black just like if I pulled up and saw hillbilly type meth heads you know
with the big mullets running out of my garage you know throwing something back
a truck I'd say oh they're robbing my house I mean you know you could tell
trashy people period but see everything is racial you're not allowed to try to
move out of the agenda 21 cities and have a garden and have some chickens and
have a shotgun you're not allowed to you're inherently bad because you're
white and you have now moved out to the countryside you're scared racist white
people because you don't want to live in the Wonderland like Detroit that big
government creates we're gonna skip this network break here let's go ahead and
talk to Jake listening on xm 166 go ahead Jake you're on the air thanks for
holding a little bit think about a few things and maybe you know answer some
of my questions have you ever looked into the hierarchy of the world ie Ross
trials and Illuminati into what they actually believe and the faintest belief
that they have being that Gnosticism they're not Satanist Satanists are kind
of their minions they're Luciferians have you ever looked into Gnosticism and
the beliefs held by Gnostics I know it's not a belief that we would be a lot no
no I've said it's a very diverse group and I have I have looked into it yes I
mean the hierarchy and the masonry in which I belong to in which I rejected
it is all about Gnosticism and then the further you go up into that it is
essentially controlled by Satan and it's just a misinterpretation of the Bible
when adding different parts sure they believe Lucifer is they believe Lucifer
is God and Jesus is the devil absolutely that's absolutely right and a belief of
another God named Sophia as well but those hierarchy in the Rothschilds and
all those people have this skewed a view of the way religion is held in the
beliefs that they have well they also believe they're bringing balance to
everything and so killing us is good because we deserve to be killed because
we're profane ugly and bad but then they do everything they can to make us ugly
and dumb and dumb down and fighting with each other as a self-fulfilling prophecy
it's really done from position of weakness absolutely you're absolutely
correct that's what that's what the devil would want to do I mean I mean I
know that not all your listeners are Christian but just think about the evil
inherently evil in these people's mind that they want to control us and to kill
us and the government is on record doing tens of thousands of operations some of
which had thousands of operations in it everybody knows about Tuskegee and
syphilis giving it to black men and that's terrible but I mean it's
radiating foster kids nerve-gassing u.s. troops bio-weapon ing I mean we are
animals to them and then I've shot a YouTube video about it and there are
lazy people on there going show me where they gave black men syphilis I mean
there's just it'd be like show me Washington DC and that the Washington
Monument exists it's like you know it's like they wear their ignorance as a
shield but it doesn't protect them god bless you good to hear from you let's go
to jock listening on the audio streams at infowars.com you're on the air sir
Alex great interview with Billy Corgan yeah I mean I think that interview is
is is is really powerful and very important what do you think about a
victories column on the infowars homepage I agree I have already said
about ten times and not that my crew isn't working hard but I I want to get
a activist section not just on planet infowars.com but on the front page a
activist section and a victory section a good news section and a action section
and and we're gonna add those yes sir I'm gonna write that down right now go
ahead what do you think about you know the psychology of bullying obviously
from the schoolyard we know there there there's just one way to stop a boy and
that's to resist him but one way to resist is to laugh at them and I think
that your videos that you post where you make fun of the bullies those are the
ones that get you in trouble with YouTube yes anytime I solve for Mike
Adams do that and and there's nothing that breaks YouTube's rules they ban
them they really hate being powerfully made fun of and made to look weak like
they are the globalist all try to have extra power because they're scared deep
down and and they have this narcissistic image of themselves as this thing they
aren't really that's why the power trip happens like someone with real power is
in who's not evil is embarrassed to exercise it and is and and is embarrassed
to use it even when someone deserves to have it used on them and that's why
we're in this straight good powerful people do not ever manifest their power
because they think it's arrogant to manifest it well you know what if you
don't manifest the power God gave you you will be enslaved by the cancerous
globalist well you can see how people like Dick Cheney love it when you come
up to them and ask them their serious opinion on this serious political issue
we shouldn't be asking them anything there we should be laughing at them
because the opinion don't matter well that's right that's why one got lady
was crying the head producer the other was red in the face men had their fists
ready and I just said you're all just agents you're pathetic and then when I
wasn't scared of the men bowing up to me and saying get out of here when I said
all your pathetic little minion yeah you know the you know what it takes to do
something to me you're just posturing they all look totally freaked out and
the men all went from going like this to like because I walked right into their
little I wish I would have done more I walked right into a little dungeon and
you said this is all fake it's all garbage and it shook them up and not
that I did something that great either like I made the mistake of even trying
to give him facts and debate him at all because you know I mean I should have
really hammered down his butt and said you know it's about making us slaves you
know they've taken all the guns everywhere you globalist are in control
I got into some of that yeah but I mean when I watch Diane Feinstein going we're
going to get these bills passed if not this year the next because there will be
more incidents and she smiles for just a minute and our tongue flicks it's like I
can't even do the demonic faces we're gonna get what we want soon enough oh
yeah oh right now it's all being planned and then it's hard to look at these
people another they are that's why I get mad at minions who I know aren't evil
like the like the awesome police chief who is going and selling out to this
because he's just doing it for power down the road and you know when
privately is admitted oh I know this stuff's all crazy and and and either
he's a psychopath liar or he's a little minion who isn't an evil guy but he's
shelling out to the whole deal oh you guys found the video where she talks
about there will be more incidences and smiles yeah yeah okay thank you for the
call sir let's cue that right up to the point but again the eyes smile like hey
you think we're not getting your guns we are and even if it wakes us up they
don't care because it's about that domination they want that war with us
they're not gonna be the ones dying like the police and military soon they're
gonna have robots all they care about even if it happens after they're dead is
that good people be tortured and destroyed and before they can do that
before demons like Michael Moore can have his communist ways with us in his
re-education camps and you know all of his evil you heard him the guy worth 50
million dollars 100 million maybe more going people with $60,000 are bad bad
white people admire what he wants is to eat them what he wants is just his big
belly to lay it on him spiritually like Jabba and just squat on you with all his
SWAT teams and armaments and have his bodyguards beat you up I am the blob I
am the king I am your royal I plant the flag of pus and diarrhea that is the
scumbag Michael Moore on the planet I'm sorry that's what he is you know I got
to stop it ladies and gentlemen here is Diane Feinstein relishing in her eyes
relishing future incidents and her victory over America here it is but I
also know that there these events are going to continue and you see that
mother's right on the end of America I mean boy her entity that's in control of
her comes right through right there I mean look at that it's just like I'm
gonna there will be more you'd know wouldn't you miss fast and furious oh
baby cakes I know it's hard to pause the video because it moves back and forth
just pause it right on the smile she goes there will be more and then she
smiles a little bit more see what I do is when I think about evil they are I
kind of just as somebody who can almost extreme what I'm saying that's the
feeling of it it's like listen I have a savage world there will be more
incidents so I bet more people on DARPA payrolls more people you have to drug up
for trial witchy poo look at her America is hers it's all hers it's all hers you
know we I think Melissa Melton made this graphic of her is like Elvira but but
see that's not scary enough no no just the real person look at the eyes there
and look how the eyebrows smiled the eyebrows smile there will be more
incidents and that brings a smile to your face doesn't it touch oh yeah and
take your shots Diane Feinstein wants you to have a fun cancer oh what a
sweetie cake what a sweetie pie yeah no need to demonize her just show her talks
about dead kids talks about how there will be more and that doesn't bring a
smile to your face when you're a demon I mean it's a satisfaction for her she's
like I've seen the dead bodies of the children I saw her smile another TV
show she came in she fights it back dead kids I mean it is it is just so hard for
her how there will be more dead kids I'm real sad about that oh yeah I've got a
concealed carry I've got bodyguards I take I came to Congress you know not
anymore than million dollars now over a hundred million I'm Diane Feinstein I
dominate you and you lay down and take it I am your king I am your royalty I am
your God I am the witch of hell oh I just sit there in an infantile way
calling Michael Moore names it's just that he's such a wholly demonic nasty
creature who knows he's authoritarian and knows he will break your will he
will take this country he will take your tax money and he will build armaments
against you and he will take everything you've got you evil white people you
heard him there's nothing worse than a white person living in the country he's
gonna get you good take your shots we're on the march the Empire's on the run
Alec truth is he wants to get all the quote my door is under his wing so he
can take care of them oh that's the real friend
