Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
These are historic times, ladies and gentlemen, as they often are when republics fall, when
things are crumbling and at an end. Alex is still on vacation and I will try to do justice
to the important things happening right now.
Of course, as you know, Eric Holder testified in the Senate yesterday, defending and claiming
that the President has a right to use drones on American soil to kill Americans. Of course,
they have been ramping up to this for many years, first killing Anwar al-Awlaki, an American
citizen who was claimed to be a terrorist. We know him as a Pentagon asset and his 16-year-old
son, also an American, also many other people on that drone strike list.
Now yesterday, a dramatic filibuster from Senator Rand Paul out of Kentucky, the son
of Ron Paul the Congressman. And he, of course, spoke for almost 13 hours, a legendary stand
for principle on the fact that these drone strikes and this claim that the President
can simply kill whomever he wants with just about any weapon he wants at any time he wants.
Well, it completely erodes almost all of the Bill of Rights, undoes all our checks and
balances and it represents the complete destruction of our Constitution, which as we well know
has been a long time coming, a long time in the works.
But just saying they can use drones if they think it's necessary, of course, erodes all
due process and there's a lot more that's wrong with it, of course. And they've been
ramping this up and this really just farcical Department of Justice head Eric Holder continues
on his spiel.
We will play those clips coming up. We will touch more into detail on the Rand Paul, many
other senators. Of course, they are beginning to introduce gun control legislation today
in the Senate. The most draconian assault weapons bills are expected to fail, but they
will also push for registration, ways to deal with PTSD, and really taking away the Second
Amendment of our veterans, some of our most treasured Americans.
Texas is proposing one of the nation's most sweeping mobile privacy laws. We'll get into
that, but we also have a jam packed show. Paul Joseph Watson, who's our most voluminous
writer and has his finger on the pulse of most of these most important issues, will
be joining us here in just a moment on the other side of the break.
Alex Jones, even though he's trying to rest and go on vacation, will be joining us. He's
scheduled to come in and pop up at the beginning of the next hour. We'll see when he calls
in. I'm sure he has a lot to say. He's been making videos, of course, on his YouTube channel.
You can go see what he's been saying there from his vacation hold offs.
And we'll be joined later in the program by several of our nightly news reporters, among
them Ja'Carri Jackson, Melissa Melton, and David Ortiz. They're gonna cover the most
important news happening. Ortiz has been examining all of the socialist nanny state maneuvers,
new laws on abortion and the big fight over whether or not we should have taxpayer funded
abortion, taxpayer funded genocide, taxpayer funded targeting of the black community.
Melissa Melton and David Ortiz went to a Bill Gates event yesterday and got to ask him a
question about what's really going on with their vaccine programs. And whether or not
they consider the loss of life in places like India and Pakistan, Africa, Latin America
to be just collateral damage. So that's all coming up and we're going to debut her special
report on that Bill Gates question. It's gonna come with a lot of documentation and we have
some other clips to discuss that stuff.
And Ja'Carri Jackson will also be joining us. He's going to talk about his most recent
report on the government's zombie drills, how they're conditioning us to dehumanize
each other and accept this greater government control and accept things like drone strikes.
I mean, all they have to do is float a story that somebody is basically the next Chris
Dorner and then it's okay for them to just use lethal force outside of law.
And who knows, we don't know what the scenario is. Eric Holder says he can't imagine there's
no intention of using these drone strikes, but they're going to destroy the Bill of Rights
ahead preemptively just to make sure they have that power. They don't deserve that power,
ladies and gentlemen. We're gonna get into those issues, break it down and stand for
the Republic for what's right. Stay with us. Infowars.com.
Every 25 years from now, as it does tonight, a long-term food supply allows you to freeze
the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most. Be prepared and get your supply
from eFoods Direct. Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars
with free shipping on all food supplies. Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared. Act
now and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex. Get free shipping on all orders
for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex. You can bet
your life on eFoods Direct. If you want an American company with American products made
by Americans, here is the Cal-Bend Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap
products for years. These all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable
and coconut oils that are earth-friendly and safe. See them on the web at FiveStarSoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy
soaps that are twice as good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year
supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands
of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at
FiveStarSoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
All-natural antifungal solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the
skin. Supernatural Silver is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers using a patented
technology that is highly effective against colds, flus, infections, food poisoning and
yeast in addition to many other pathogens. Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported,
extremely safe and is the number one choice of thousands of people for immune system support.
Find out how Supernatural Silver could change your life. Go to SupernaturalSilver.com and
use the promo code healthy for 20% off. That's SupernaturalSilver.com and like us on Facebook.
We're back on the Alex Jones radio show ladies and gentlemen but I'm sitting in for Alex
while he's on vacation. I'm Aaron Dykes. Joining me in just a moment is Paul Joseph Watson.
Now there's a lot going on in the world right now. Fresh maneuvers from APAC and from the
lobbies in Washington saying that we need to take out Iran. We have military generals
saying they have the plans to do it. Chavez is dead. What does that mean? The Russians
are calling for an investigation. Syria thing continues to happen and of course we have
North Korea menacing with a preemptive strike on the US but without a doubt the biggest
story in the world right now is Rand Paul's filibuster. It's an outdated thing. Nobody
really does these filibusters anymore but he spoke for almost 13 hours on the floor
of the Senate to stand against drone strikes unless they would say they wouldn't use them
on Americans on American soil. How outrageous. Are you there Paul Joseph Watson?
Hey Aaron, good to be here. Thanks for joining me. Well obviously we need to talk about Holder's
testimony and the Rand Paul filibuster so please take the floor.
Well for those who don't know and it would have been difficult to miss it but yesterday
as you said Rand Paul got up there did a near 13 hour filibuster ostensibly to oppose the
nomination of John Brennan as CIA director but primarily to draw attention to the issue
of unconstitutional drone strikes because I looked at the media reaction afterwards
and there's an article out recently actually from Krauthammer saying that this has truly
launched Paul as a national figure but not surprisingly probably a lot of the mainstream
media buried the story. It was kind of halfway down the news page on their websites and then
CNN last night as Paul was still doing his speech came out and said that he was wasting
time in delaying the confirmation of John Brennan who was of course was the architect
of the drone program.
This is hilarious though because obviously a filibuster is meant to waste time. It's
supposed to be a wasting of time so they don't pass unconstitutional legislation. It's one
of the only final checks that the whole Senate's bought out and they're going to, they pretty
much confirm anyone including Satan himself if he's put up by the president.
Well exactly and I mean you know he's up there for 12 hours. He's talking about Obama and
all the shredding the Constitution. Twitter's on fire about it. The blogs are on fire about
it but surprisingly it was buried by the mainstream media on the front pages and then CNN comes
out and does a whitewash, says it was a waste of time.
But what I found even more egregious which is the clip we're going to go to now is national
Security Council spokesman Tommy Vita. Listen to what he said. Let's go to that clip.
We have that clip guys. Yeah we're pulling up that clip in just a moment and we have
the other clips too. We're going to get to Holder's testimony where he makes this outrageous
statement and just will not tell the Senate that he won't strike on Americans and tells
them well I can't see the scenario.
There's no intention of using these drones but of course we're going to authorize the
president to use any kind of lethal force as long as somebody like John Brennan brings
Obama a list to say they can kill somebody. You guys let me know whenever that clip's
ready but Watson this is a complex story because Alex Jones, the alternative media predicted
that they would eventually use drone strikes on Americans on American soil and unfortunately
it didn't take long at all.
It's only been a year or two. Maybe we should pull up the articles where we're first talking
about this but as soon as they began drone striking in other countries, declaring war
without declaring war on up to nine Middle Eastern countries, places like Yemen, really
obscure countries that very, very few Americans can find on the map, places in Africa like
Sudan, were just drone striking anywhere and everywhere.
It's totally outraged the Pakistan government. It's really inflamed the Middle East all over
again because they're taking out suspected terrorists outside of law, outside of declaring
a war and they're taking out all kinds of collateral damage. Women, children, wedding
parties, people coming to even collect the dead, all in the name of maybe taking out
one bad guy who's not even confirmed. Guys, just let me know about that clip, please.
That's exactly the point of this clip, Aaron. This is a guy, Tommy Vita, who worked with
John Brennan. So he's basically in his back pocket. He was a National Security Council
spokesman. And he said that Rand Paul doing that filibuster yesterday was quote harmful
to national security.
And he actually goes on to say that this is a quote, John Brennan does his job to save
lives, whether they're Americans or someone with a-
Saving lives by killing children with drones. We do have that clip now. Let's go to it,
guys.
Which is why we've been clear that we will not do this. Senator Paul just needs to take
a yes for an answer here. And so what I'd say is, you know, I've talked to the president
about this. He welcomes the debate around the legality and ethics of our counterterrorism
policies. And the irony here is that John Brennan has pushed the envelope on transparency
and accountability and oversight of our CTE programs more than anyone else in government.
But he's the daddy of the drone.
No, he's absolutely not the daddy of the drone. John Brennan does his job to save lives, whether
they're Americans or there's someone living in Yemen who is threatened by Al Qaeda. That's
why John Brennan does his job. And he does it extraordinarily well. And he should be
at the CIA doing his job today instead of being held up over an issue where Senator
Paul needs to take yes for an answer.
All right, Tommy, Mike, thanks to both of you and still to come.
Paul Watson, you wrote the story you've been covering this issue, so I'm going to give
you the floor. But saving lives means saving individual lives through this empirical, continued
never ending war. But it also means saving our quality of life. We set up our system
to try to check and balance power, knowing that people, dictators, always seek power,
always tend towards arbitrary power.
And here we are supposed to sit down and shut up and hand them over complete arbitrary power
to do virtually anything they want. Drones is just an iconic formation of their overall
power grab. Paul Watson?
Well, the astounding thing about that clip that you just played is John Brennan is the
architect of the drone program. He oversees it. So how many innocent people are slaughtered
for every suspected terrorist killed as part of this drone program? It's 50 to 1. That's
98% of the people targeted and 5000 people have been killed, hundreds of them children.
98% innocent people killed in these drone strikes overseen by Brennan are innocent civilians.
So how on earth can this guy get up on CNN and claim that Brennan's doing his job and
that Rand Paul's wasting time by filibustering him and that Brennan's saving lives when 98%
of the people killed in Obama's drone strikes overseen by Brennan are innocent civilians.
It's ludicrous.
And of course, we've seen a complete abuse of the war powers in the Senate and the Congress
have become ceremonial as Alex always says, certainly the Senate is very much a lap dog
of Obama. And so if they're going to go along with just confirming anyone, John Brennan
for the CIA and making an unconstitutional agency in my opinion, even more unconstitutional
and even more unaccountable by electing a head who represents a complete abandonment
of law when of course the CIA is not supposed to activate domestically on American soil
but they do covertly.
And here you have John Brennan abusing and abusing and abusing our foreign policy and
our war powers through the drones.
Well, another way to look at it is you remember how everyone was so shocked 10 years ago when
the Bush administration said that American citizens could be taken to a military bridge
blocked up without charge, without trial. The Jose Padilla case was the main one about
10 years ago. People were outraged that an American citizen could be taken to a brig
possibly given a secret military trial but held indefinitely without charge.
Now that's being codified by Obama under the NDAA. And 10 years later, we have a situation
10 times worse than that, where Obama and his administration is claiming the power to
carry out what amounts to state sponsored execution of American citizens without even
a secret trial. I mean, even Bush gave them a secret trial with military judges.
Now you don't even get that under the Nobel Peace Prize, President Obama.
I don't mean to interrupt Paul, I find that truly amazing because it was so controversial
what they were doing with rendition and the secret torture and the black dungeon things,
the Guantanamo Bay detention during the Bush years. Everybody knew that was a controversy
even if they went along with it, even if they pretended that it wasn't torture, even if
they wanted to divide the issue off into defining whether or not waterboard specifically was
a form of torture, but at least it was on the table as controversial.
It wasn't immediately acceptable, but we've been acclimated step by step to it to the
point where when they passed NDAA and said they could do this to American citizens on
American soil, if they're suspected of anything of maybe being affiliated with a possible
terrorist, that no one even raised an eyebrow.
Exactly, and everything you just mentioned with regard to the Bush administration, the
torture, the waterboarding, secret renditions. I mean, most of the conservatives who are
now up in arms about this domestic drone assassination issue, most of them who were supporting Rand
Paul, the neocon Fox News set, they were the very ones championing the secret arrests,
the secret imprisonments under Bush. So they have to share some of the blame because that
was the foundation to where we are now with Obama.
And then you have the Democrats. There's an interesting story just out where the actor
John Cusack says, quote, where are the Democrats to stand up to regressive corporate warlord
Obama? And I think there was just one Democrat yesterday that was out there in support of
Rand Paul. So the left on this drone program offers mild criticism. They oppose it. They're
not out in the streets demonstrating like they were under Bush. The neocons who support
Rand Paul helped lay the groundwork for all this by supporting the secret arrests under
Bush in the first place.
And unfortunately, that's profoundly the case. I admire the stand that Rand Paul took standing
up in the Senate. I am not that hopeful at that wing, taking over the Republicans and
having a new constitutional Republicans. Let's hope for the best. Let's hold all of them
accountable. Let's get more into this on the other side. Paul Joseph Watson riding with
me. Other reporters coming up. Alex Jones will join us sometime at the top of the next
hour. Stay tuned. Infowars.com.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system,
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're
sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out simply safe.
It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to get simply
safe dot com. Simply safe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power. So
even if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use
it in your home business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed. Get simply safe dot com. Simply
safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes. So there's no
need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take
the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home, but simply safe will stand
guard, protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's get
simply safe dot com March into big spring preparedness savings this month at be prepared
dot com. Going on now. Emergency essentials and be prepared dot com save you 28% off your
favorite beef and chicken combo entrees. Save 24% on number 10 cans of freeze dried raspberries
or save 26% on our freeze dried strawberry slices with purchase of 12 or more Katadyn
pocket micro water filters are 27% off. Try our fruit flavored hydro pack combo water
filtering pouches in March by 510 packs for a 50% discount stock up on week with a year's
supply of grains for $70 off only at be prepared dot com. And this month power up with a goal
zero Sherpa 50 solar powered recharging kit at $110 off MSRP and we'll throw in a free
$50 emergency essentials gift card. The March sale ends March 31 at be prepared dot com
for contents and details call emergency essentials at 800 999 1863 or click be prepared dot com
The choice is clear be unprepared or be prepared dot com nagging constipation hemorrhoids
or painful bowel movements. Have you considered your toilet posture? The colon needs proper
alignment for faster, more effective elimination. And that's exactly what you'll get with a
squatty potty, not a cleanse or a pill. The squatty potty is a healthy step in the right
direction is doctor recommended and starts at just 3495 call 855-628-1099 or go to squatty
potty.com spelled S Q U A T T y potty.com squatty potty healthy colon happy life. Hi
this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered why banks, stock workers, investment advisors
won't talk about gold IRAs? They've been available since 1986 yet the financial industry
won't recognize the value of gold for your retirement. Gold is outperformed paper investments
yet no word about IRAs. If you would like to have gold for your retirement call 800
686 2237. Don't get left behind by rising inflation and low returns call 800 686 2237.
Secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237. Hey everybody, Ty Bollinger here. Once again,
real life, real stories. And he discovered Carnivora. Was so thrilled with the product
that he shared it with his family and his friends and his patients. My dad was a family
physician, he was a medical doctor. Almost all the symptoms were either diminished or
gone. Amazing product, amazing results. It's like an amazing thing having such a profound
change in how I feel and knowing that it was the Carnivora that did it. And a lot of patients
got better ranging from immune dysfunction to allergies and infection. Here's the toll
free telephone number to call to access the Carnivora telecast at carnivora.com on Tuesday
March 12th 8 p.m. Eastern Time. Call 1-888-694-9666. That's 1-888-694-9666. Once again, 1-888-694-9666.
Visit carnivora.com or call 1-866-VENUSFLY to order now.
We're back at info wars dot com Aaron Dykes. I'm here with Paul Joseph Watson. We have
other reporters ahead, Alex Jones. But I say often enough that this is the best of times.
This is the worst of times. You've got this oppressive centralized government taking back
the balance of power that was granted to individuals, to states in this country, which spread worldwide,
which gave us that glimmer of hope for our individual lives. And while we need to continue
to speak out against the unconstitutional drone strikes, say no to them ramping up and
accelerating, a worse and worse puppet. With every political rotation, we need to simultaneously
fight the info war on the other side.
They absolutely hate the prospect of us using their surveillance Internet to awaken our
own minds, to empower ourselves, to give ourselves knowledge, and especially to take back our
own lives. For me personally, I used a lot of vitamins and changed my health regimen
around, started exercising again because I wanted to revitalize my own personal physical
life.
I think it's awakened my mind in other ways that I didn't expect. At the same time that
I was already pursuing information and reading and finding out whatever I could about things
that are happening politically. But let's face it, a lot of times the system, the machine
in Washington is set in its ways and our hopes of stopping individual actions are limited.
But we can take back our individual lives. And that's why we have info wars health.com
with the longevity vitamin products. I used them, I lost over 90 pounds. I think they're
good. You can check it out at info wars health.com. And it is a plug, but I don't mind doing that
because I really believe in it.
I use it every single day, along with one world way and a lot of other vitamins that
I think the system doesn't want us to know about. You had Benjamin Rush from the founding
days telling us that if we didn't institute medical freedom in the Constitution, there
would become a medical tyranny. And look what they're doing today. They've centralized food
production, depleted the soils, taken away the values of the food, and put us on a bunch
of GMO crud. Paul Watson, that is a diversion from our foreign policy discussions from the
drones. I wanna play the Eric Holder clip where he talks about the authorization of
drones in a moment.
But put this in perspective of the other foreign policy happenings. You've got Iran, you've
got Chavez in Venezuela, you've got Syria still happening and these new menacing tactics
from North Korea. What do you think is going on?
Well, with regard to Syria, there's a new story out of Reuters today, which is about
how these Syrian rebels seized a convoy of UN peacekeepers near the Golan Heights. So
basically what happened is these terrorists, most of whom are foreign insurgents, they're
not even Syrian, according to the observers on the ground.
They kidnapped 20 UN observers before warning that they would be treated like prisoners
unless their demands were met. But suddenly within hours, as soon as the media got hold
of it, the story morphed and these friendly FSA terrorists, the freedom fighters were
told that they like to desecrate Christian churches and behead people while chanting
Allah Akbar, freedom fighters. They said that the captured UN observers were merely their
guests. And then the media went along with it. And now the Washington Post is reporting
that the rebels actually rescued the UN observers from Assad's troops. So it went from the capturing
them as prisoners to rescuing them in the space of a few hours. But again, it all points
to the fact that our taxpayer money is being sent to support known terrorists who have
attacked schools, universities, desecrated churches. Now they're talking about sending
body armor and armored vehicles. That's the public picture of it. In reality, as Le Figaro
reported on Sunday, US special forces are training these rebel terrorists in Jordan.
And the French newspaper also reported they're helping the insurgents prepare terrorist operations
in support of Syrian rebels. So our governments, while simultaneously saying that we need to
suffer austerity because there's no money, are sending hundreds of millions of dollars,
even billions probably now, to these jihadists from Libya, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Qatar, places
like that, to carry out terrorist attacks in Syria as they openly kidnap UN observers.
But you know what, Aaron, it's all being done in the name of ending the violence, because
that's a good way of ending the violence, isn't it, by claiming-
Save the children, man. Just save the children. Yeah, the outrage, the deception is so grand,
it's completely Orwellian. They grease the skids. As you said, the neocons cheered on
all this destruction of Bill of Rights in the name of the war on terror. Now we are
openly, and I mean openly, partnering with the al-Qaeda terrorists to overthrow Libya,
to overthrow Syria, to make their Arab Spring dream a reality, while using that system to
degrade American citizens, to call constitutionalist potential terrorists, to label returning veterans
as the potential threat, as they use this entire Homeland Security surveillance system
against us. It is outrageous what they've done. It is doublethink. We need to break
it down in detail. Paul Joseph Watson remains with me. Other reporters, David Ortiz,
Jakari Jackson, Melissa Melton, up ahead, and Alex Jones. Stay tuned on this Infowars broadcast.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
A little over a year ago, I began to do a lot of research into why, even if I had a
pretty good-sized meal, that I was still starving. And my research led me to a well-known fact
that most of the soils that we grow our crops on here in the United States and across the
industrialized world are almost completely depleted of almost all of the key minerals
and trace elements that our bodies need to rebuild themselves, fight off cancer, and
be healthy. I then searched out the best vitamin and mineral company out there and discovered
Younggeviti. The Younggeviti products are designed to give you the real nutrition you
need, and once you've got that, you don't have to eat as much to be satisfied. I've
lost 37 pounds in two months. Simply getting the vitamins and minerals I need. Check it
out for yourself. It's incredible. Go to InfowarsTeam.com today and order your first canister of Beyond
Tangy Tangerine complete multivitamin mineral complex dietary supplement. That's InfowarsTeam.com.
Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it, and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at InfowarsTeam.com or by calling 888-253-3139. Alex Jones here
with a message to fellow freedom lovers. The prognosis for the entire planetary economic
system runs from bad to worse. The globalist model is to shut down societies and starve
patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover. That's why we've assembled the most
vital and important preparedness items at InfowarsShop.com. These are items that I did
research on, that I personally use. We've got the LifeStraw so you can turn fetid water
into safe water anywhere you go. The Ktor Handcrank generator to charge up key equipment
during power outages or out in the field. Strategic Relocation, third edition by Joel
Skousen. When Disaster Strikes by Matthew Stein. TheraSafe used by Homeland Security
to protect yourself during any radiological event. Handcrank shortwave AM-FM radios. Everything
that we've researched and found to be the best is available at InfowarsShop.com and
your purchase makes our Infowars possible. We're getting prepared. Are you? InfowarsShop.com.
Crashing through the lies and disinformation, it's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
This
is the Infowars.com broadcast and today we have to make a stand. Are we going to go along
with that Washington machine? Are we going to turn over all our personal power, all our
state power, all our constitutional power? Are we going to shred the Bill of Rights and
sit by while the system destroys everything that we have? Right now on Drudge Report,
they're reporting on how John McCain and Senator Graham and all the other old bulls
are bucking Rand's big filibuster over the drone attacks. And I don't think Rand Paul
is perfect. He signaled that he would go along with an Iran war, something that they clearly
are still putting on the table. But absolutely saying no to drone strikes in America, saying
there's a line in the stand, a line in the sand that I will not stand by while you shred
and destroy the Constitution is a noble stand. The filibuster has rarely been used. It's
that innocent iconic image you saw in Mr. Smith Goes to Washington where Jimmy Stewart
says, hey, what's wrong with you guys? And just passionately goes on a tirade against
everyone's intentions for hours and hours and hours.
And they call it wasting time. It's so hilarious. Obviously, a filibuster is designed to waste
time, ladies and gentlemen. It's a stalling tactic. But really, it's just a stand to say
what you're doing is wrong. I realize I cannot individually stop it, but I am going to stand
up and morally say no to it. And Eric Holder, in testimony, couldn't say they wouldn't use
drones on American soil. We're gonna get to that clip.
Paul Watson, what are your most recent thoughts on really some of the most warmongering, ridiculous
neocons in the Senate, but who do have a lot of power? John McCain and Senator Graham trying
to ridicule Rand Paul, CNN trying to ridicule him.
Well, I'm not surprised that Mr. Bom Bom Bom Iran McCain's not in support of Rand Paul.
And, you know, they're supposed to represent Republicans. They're supposed to represent
conservative voters when it's conservatives who have been identified by the likes of the
DHS as domestic terrorists. You know, Rand Paul also mentioned last night who are the
terrorists, you know, people who buy storable food. And the answer is, yeah, the FBI actually
put out flyers listing people who buy food in bulk as potential terrorists, you know,
paying for a cup of coffee using cash. You did the funny skit about that, but it was
based on a serious FBI flyer that they put out saying, buy a cup of coffee using cash
you may be a potential terrorist. You know, those reverential of individual liberty, a
DHS funded study came out last year and said that those people might be potential terrorists.
People who fly don't tread on me flags, Ron Paul supports us. So they've re-characterized
banal activity as potential terrorism and then instituted a program where the government
can kill Americans with no trial based on the mere accusation that they're a terrorist.
And people wonder why we're concerned about this. I mean, Obama's claimed a greater degree
of dictatorial power than even someone like Kim Jong-un in North Korea has access to.
It's the system itself has declared dictatorial power. Then on top of that icing on the cake,
the individual president has just absurdly declared even extra, extra traditional dictatorial
power. And just take for example, somebody like FDR who declared literally in his speech
broad executive power and establish all these new agencies. Let's just assume for the sake
of argument that he was well meaning, wanted to uplift people. Those powers that he seized
from the Constitution illegitimately have absolutely been usurped by subsequent presidents,
others inside the executive branch who have no intention whatsoever of uplifting or helping
anyone, they just want power.
And of course, 1984 talks about how power seeks power, power is power. The object of
power is power. And here we have Alex has a brand new video report, media caught working
with White House in a giant hoax where they want Americans to have their hands tied behind
their backs. They want to ban assault weapons, they want to do away with the Second Amendment.
They want to put preemptive suspicion on everyone, not only labeling them as potential terrorists
for buying coffee with cash or being in an Internet cafe, but also to say, you no longer
have your God-given rights to self-defense.
You no longer have your enumerated Second Right Amendment. We're going to legislate
that away, which is, of course, illegitimate. We're going to establish drones, make them
completely omnipresent in the country. We're gonna listen to phone conversations, your
Fourth Amendment is gone. And now, according to Eric Holder, according to the White House,
your entire Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth Amendments are gone.
They've been whittling away the Ninth and Tenth Amendments for many years now. And here
they are claiming that you need to do away with your guns, your arms need to be tied
behind your backs. You need to be placed under suspicion. You need to be patted down, including
inside your pants. But the system, they're going to arm up. They're going to get two
billion bullets, 2,700 tanks.
They're going to collect all kinds of assault rifles and empower literal agencies of that
executive branch, which really, we're never supposed to have any power at all. Paul Watson?
Well, yeah, the hoax is very much in evidence now. You just mentioned that the DHS buying
bullets. I wrote an article about this a couple of days ago. Media portrays DHS ammo
purchases as conspiracy theory. And, you know, it really goes to the heart of why now, according
to this new poll, only six percent of Americans find the mainstream media very trustworthy
because they've admitted that the DHS has bought the two billion bullets.
But then they've run this hoax that anyone who dares to express concern about that fact,
whether it be Alex Jones, Sarah Palin, Lou Dobbs, whoever, is engaging in debunked paranoid
conspiracy theories. So what they've tried to do is document this in the article. You've
got the likes of Media Matters, Atlantic Wire, Politico. Every time this issue gets raised,
they claim it's a conspiracy theory. And their source for making that claim is one Associated
Press article entitled Homeland Security explains plan to purchase more than one point six billion
bullets buying in bulk is cheaper.
Now, it turns out that that claim is a complete hoax. We'll get onto that in a minute. But
their sole source for making the claim that concerns over this are debunked is a quote
from one DHS official called Peggy Dixon, who basically downplays the whole issue, says
it's no big deal. So then that quote becomes the sole basis for all these subsequent articles
claiming that the whole issue is being debunked. So basically-
Well, yeah, but it's been in the Associated Press as well. They say, yeah, they're going
to buy in bulk to save you money. They're really drying up the ammo market to cut supply
and drive up prices for individual gun owners.
Well, precisely.
And run around the Second Amendment.
Exactly. But now that they're basically saying that by citing the glib statement of one government
official, that debunks concerns about government behavior.
But they admit it's true.
It's just openly state run media. The government says it's not a problem. Therefore, your concerns
about the government's behavior are completely debunked. Well, of course, they're not going
to say, oh, yes, because we're preparing for mass civil unrest. That's why we're buying
this. Of course, they're going to deny it. But then the Associated Press takes that as
gospel, even though the DHS has been caught lying over and over again about a million
different issues.
Paul, I've been obsessively reading some American history lately, and it's extremely clear that
the founders, the prevailing founders, did not want standing armies because they saw
the historical danger. How you can get a good leader who seems good for a while, but then
he decides he wants more power and uses his army to conquer. That's why they set up state
militias. That's why they said the military couldn't operate domestically.
Now they're literally arming executive agencies in the government. Is that even by any stretch
of the imagination part of the founders' vision? Obviously not, as they continue to whittle
a posse commentatis and use National Guard and regular army to patrol the streets of
America with these bullets in participation, with the backing of these executive government
agencies on behalf of corporations, at Wall Street even.
Well, yeah, and it is exactly that. It's a standing army. It's an arms buildup. But the
fact they have to deny it, just like Gibbs denied the existence of the drone program
as he was ordered to, shows how nervous they are about people finding out. But the thing,
the crucial issue of this is that they claim the bullets are for training purposes and
that they bought them in bulk to save money. When most of the bullets they purchased are
hollow point rounds, which are more expensive than routine training bullets used at firing
ranges. You don't use hollow point bullets for training practice. And there's a Marine
Corps veteran who's just come out and backed that up with his own doubts about the DHS
and that's the clip that we've got now.
Do we have the clip, guys? Well, as they're getting that clip ready, I just want to say,
at what point are we going to start taking this personal? That's something to think about.
Nobody wants a war with the government, but they literally have their guns aimed at us.
They have their drones where they target over us. Let's go to that clip now.
And now continuing coverage of the growing gun debate. Supply of ammunition at many gun
stores is running low, but not for the government. There's a bullet buying spree going on right
now by the Department of Homeland Security. CBS 21's national correspondent, Christine
Frisao, takes a look into one part of the gun debate that very few people are talking about.
It's becoming a common problem at retail stores and ranges across the country.
They come in, they want ammo. We don't have ammo. But the Department of Homeland Security
appears to be on a buying spree. Their most recent request is for 10 million rounds of
hollow point bullets for a.40 caliber pistol. Another 10 million rounds for a 9 millimeter
plus 1.6 million pistol cartridge 9 millimeter ball bullets. And that's just this year.
Last March, DHS bought 450 million bullets, and in September, another 200 million.
That's in addition to a reported 1.6 billion rounds they already have.
So during the height of the Iraq war, U.S. soldiers used about five and a half million
rounds of ammunition every month. If you do the math here, that means the Department of
Homeland Security has enough bullets to wage a full scale war for the next 30 years.
DHS says the bullets are needed for training, but military veteran Richard Mason is doubtful.
We never trained with hollow points. We didn't even really see hollow points my entire
four and a half years in the Marine Corps. Why would they need all those hollow points?
Why would they need all those ball rounds just for training? It doesn't really make sense.
Sales manager Scott McCurley says it's been a hot topic of conversation at his gun range.
It takes a lot of ammunition to run. 15 million, I'll give you 20 million.
But when you start getting into billions in one year, that's not training. That's excessive waste.
Even some lawmakers aren't convinced.
It serves one purpose. It's a subterfuge. It's to keep it from being able to get out to the public to raise the cost up.
Within the first month of 2013, we were talking about the fiscal cliff.
And so there you have it. It is admitted the government is stockpiling ammunition, so let's please end the denial.
And obviously they're not trying to save us money as they wastefully expand every program under the sun.
Literally invite people onto food stamps and dependency who don't even need it.
Inviting illegal immigrants they're about to give amnesty to, all while some punk in the Department of Justice says that,
well, it's collateral damage if a border security guard is killed by drug cartels, even though we gave them the weapons to destabilize gun ownership,
destabilize the southwest border, destabilize the entire sense of the drug war.
All those Mexicans killed by the tens of thousands, up to 50,000 and more and counting now, those are collateral damage
because one punk in the Department of Justice says it's okay, and now he says it's okay to use drones domestically.
One coward in Obama's White House, well, I'm sure there's more than one coward, but one coward who's about to be head of the CIA says
he's going to remotely go over and kill suspected terrorists and it's collateral damage when children and women and wedding parties are killed in the aftermath.
Paul, I'm just fired up today and I really want to play a clip from Eric Holder's testimony in the Senate yesterday
when they ask him point blank if they're going to use drones on American soil, if he feels the president's authorized to do that, if he feels it's constitutional.
Guys, do we have that clip? Let's go to it right now. Thank you.
Thank you. And we've talked about the Office of Legal Counsel, Memel's untargeted killings.
I've been asking for that for some time and you and I have had discussions about this and I realize the decision is not entirely in your hands,
but it may be brought to a head with a subpoena from this office, from this committee.
On your letter to Senator Paul's center earlier this week, you left open the possibility of using lethal force against American citizens in extraordinary circumstances on U.S. soil.
You mentioned 9-11 Pearl Harbor, but you did not specifically mention armed drones.
Can you agree there's no scenario it would be appropriate to use an armed drone on U.S. soil to strike an American citizen?
Well, what I said in the letter was that the government has no intention to carry out any drone strikes in the United States.
It's hard for me to imagine a situation in which that would occur.
We have within the United States the ability to use our law enforcement capacity.
And as I laid out in a speech that I gave at Northwestern University with regard to the use of these kinds of lethal forces,
one of the critical things was that the possibility, the feasibility of capture was difficult in foreign lands, Afghanistan, Pakistan, other parts of the Middle East.
That is not the same thing here in the United States where the possibility of capture is obviously enhanced.
And as a result, the use of drones is, from my perspective, something that is entirely, entirely hypothetical.
And what I tried to say in the letter to Senator Paul was exactly that.
And, of course, it was just about a month ago that the Department of Justice issued a white paper saying,
indeed, it is legal to strike Americans even on American soil basically as long as a military commander okays it.
And it's outrageous. There's obviously been letters with these senators back and forth since.
And there they are asking him about it and he just shirks it.
Says, well, he can't imagine a scenario but, of course, we'd want to give the president any kind of lethal...
It's outrageous.
Paul Watson, what's your reaction to this just blatant destruction of our system, disregard for the laws, and just usurpation by outright authoritarians?
Well, in his letter to Rand Paul, while he sounds very mealy-mouthed, you know, in front of a committee,
he said it was, quote, possible that they would use drone strikes domestically.
So, you also have to look at the NDAA.
You know, that designated the entirety of the United States as a battleground under the rubric of the war on terror.
So, a year and a half ago, they were saying they could apply the rules of the war on terror domestically.
And then, of course, the NDAA secret kidnap provision.
People forget that it was the Obama administration itself, while Obama ran around claiming he was against it.
They specifically demanded that it be applied to U.S. citizens domestically, that they could kidnap whole people without charge.
We're going to break, Paul Watson, but we're going to have more on the other side.
And they literally have declared war on us.
NORTHCOM was established in the wake of 9-11.
They've done away with Posse Com and taught us.
They've targeted us. They've profiled us.
They're going to come after us, ladies and gentlemen.
What are you going to do?
Stay tuned. Stay with us.
A lot more ahead.
InfoWars.com.
We must say no.
We must take a principled stand against this destruction of our rights.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day.
If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better.
You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared.
For years, we've told you about our friends at eFoods Direct.
They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food on the planet.
This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight.
A long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost
and the availability of the one thing you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from eFoods Direct.
Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars
with free shipping on all food supplies.
Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared.
Act now and call 800-409-5633
or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time.
Call 800-409-5633
or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
Is this the year you finally get serious about your family's drinking water?
If so, keep listening for a special offer from Big Berkey Water Filters.
Did you know that over 60% of municipal water is fluoridated?
Berkey Water Filters distinguish themselves from many other filtration systems
with the capability to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine, fluoride,
arsenic, and disinfection byproducts from municipal water
via the black Berkey and PF line of filters.
Then there's affordability.
At only 1.7 cents per gallon,
Berkey Water Filters purify treated and untreated water,
even stagnant pond water.
Stop and think how much money you could save
by simply reducing buying bottled water
and using water filtered by your Berkey Water Filter.
No need to be constantly replacing expensive filters with a Berkey.
A single set of filters can last for five to ten years.
Choose the best size Berkey for your needs at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
And right now, all GCN listeners get 5% off all ceramic filter systems.
Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY.
That's 877-99-BER-KEY.
Or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
Free shipping on every order over $50.
Big Berkey Water Filters, for the love of clean water.
Time and time again.
You need to come here and help us.
We need assistance. Please.
Those we should be able to depend on, let us down.
Federal and state and local officials saying help is on the way.
Well the folks here in Bell Harbor say show me.
Don't depend on the government to save you.
Take action now so that you're prepared for the next disaster
with MyPatriotSupply.com.
Get the best prices on storable food, non-GMO seeds,
water filtration devices, home canning equipment,
survival and self-reliance books, and more.
At MyPatriotSupply.com.
Call 866-229-0927.
We are hurting down here and we need help immediately.
Before it's time to survive, it's time to prepare.
MyPatriotSupply.com.
MyPatriotSupply.com.
We are at Infowars.com broadcasting live.
We are in an information war.
There is a battle for our mind.
We must break through the deception, break out of that fear conditioning
where they're trying to tell us that some kind of imminent threat
means we must give up our rights, must give up the Constitution.
I want to thank the crew in there doing a great job behind the scenes,
getting all our clips ready, coordinating over an entire ocean
with Paul Joseph Watson, who remains with us,
John Bowne and many other fine crew members.
And I also want to thank our reporter researchers back there
bringing me other good articles.
And indeed, this drone thing has been building up for a long time.
We've heard for a long time about all these surveillance drones
and how they're going to flip them over
and use them as domestic control grids,
just as they're using them overseas to assassinate.
We've got articles from at least a year ago,
including things like One Man Death Panel,
Obama's Counterterrorism Advisor.
That, of course, is John Brennan.
Now he's going to head the CIA.
Very fine man for the job.
We have headlines like Drone Wars USA.
Have you heard of the Patriot Watch, Patriot Shield,
and Patriot Sword programs?
Most Americans are only recently becoming aware of a U.S. government plan
to field literally thousands of weaponized surveillance drones
over the U.S. in the next few years.
Do you realize this plan has long been in place?
Drones arrive in Austin and in law enforcement areas across the country.
More than 30,000 drones.
Portrait of a drone killer.
I have a duty and I execute my duty.
And that's one thing that makes it more alarming
is the people executing their duty, executing individuals,
executing collateral damage are very removed from the violence.
They're thinking about it in video game terms.
And we've seen the Prince of England use those terminology
of how he likes doing drone strikes and messing with drones
because it's like playing a video game.
Paul Watson, I'm ranting here.
We've got Alex Jones joining us sometime at the beginning of the next hour.
We've got our Infowars reporters bringing other news to us.
But please do go on about these important issues we're dealing with.
Well, just another one on the drones in the context of surveillance
because obviously that's how they're going to be used initially.
You know, 30,000 drones in American skies by 2020, according to the FAA.
On February 25th, I put out an article which was a promo video
for one of these companies that manufactures drones
that are now being sold to police departments.
In fact, Montgomery County, Texas, bought this very drone for half a million dollars,
250,000 of which was provided by a DHS grant.
And this is the Shadowhawk drone, which is a 50-pound kind of mini helicopter.
It can be fitted by a Taser, grenade launchers and 12-gauge shotguns.
But the promo video for this drone, which was put out by this corporation,
featured a drone spying on two individuals who just look like regular Americans
meeting up in a desolate location and conducting a sale of a firearm.
So we put out the article saying these surveillance drones,
according to the promotional material,
are going to be used to conduct surveillance of gun sales.
And then, of course, days later, it came out via the Second Amendment Foundation,
the Electronic Privacy Information Center,
DHS documents released by Freedom of Information Act request
that said the Predator B drones being prepared for domestic use,
quote, shall be capable of identifying a standing human being at night
as likely armed or not.
So that is identifying gun owners domestically.
That's it, Watson. The whole agenda is coalescing together,
all the amendments, all the rights being destroyed at once.
We'll be back in just one minute on the other side of this short break
in the second hour, Infowars.com.
Paul Joseph Watson riding shotgun with me, Alex Jones ahead.
Stay tuned and a premiere of the Bill Gates Confrontation.
This is GCN, the Genesis Communications Radio Network.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups.
You want answers? Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
We're back. It is the second hour of the Infowars Alex Jones Radio Show broadcast,
and yet we've only begun to fight to save our rights.
And that's what we've got to do. Paul Joseph Watson is still with us.
And he was just describing how the entire agenda is coalescing.
We've become accustomed to the surveillance by drones, by the NSA,
by other entities in the name of catching a terrorist.
And yet now it's being used in portrayals, in demonstrations of catching
a private gun sale in the act, something that's legal,
but portrayed in law enforcement and industry videos as being illegal.
So they're demonizing the Second Amendment and showing how drones
can be used to catch Second Amendment transactions in action.
All while you've got the Senate and the White House lining up to demonize Rand Paul
for using his First Amendment to speak out against the destruction
of the Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth Amendments,
as well as the continued eradication of the Fourth Amendment,
not to mention the new attacks in the Senate as they introduce legislation
starting today, starting this week, to destroy the Second Amendment piece by piece.
And they, of course, know that Dianne Feinstein's odious, stinky,
repugnant assault weapons ban will meet a lot of resistance in the Senate.
So they're introducing separately the registration, the mental health bills,
the PTSD, veterans can't be armed even though we put them into a meat grinder
and fed them prescription pills and sent them on five, six tours
into a never-ending war on terror so we can use drones to take out people.
It's a weird, sick cycle. Paul Joseph Watson, please take the floor.
Yeah, related to the gun control issue again,
while the DHS is buying two billion bullets and the media is telling you it's no big deal,
there's an article out of Fox News,
Florida bill would require anger management courses for bullet buyers.
And this is legislation in Florida.
Critics say the latest example of local lawmakers reaching for constitutionally
dubious solutions to the problem of gun violence.
So basically the proposal would require ammo buyers to take the anger management courses every ten years.
So not only are they demonizing gun owners as angry, violent extremists,
they're now trying to push through legislation where you have to take anger management courses
to prove that you're a well-behaved citizen, to prove that you can own firearms and ammunition,
while the feds are buying it all up, causing mass shortages all over the country.
And of course, not only is that silly, but it infringes on rights
because then you're labeled as having some kind of mental health issue
and later on they're going to use that to restrict your ability to buy a weapon.
Well, precisely, and then also there was the Obamacare thing where
the Obama administration clarified the fact that doctors could ask Americans
about the guns that they owned as a precursor to getting Obamacare.
That came out a few weeks ago.
So they're trying to tie all this mental health stuff into gun control
while still avoiding the primary mental health connection, the real connection to gun violence,
which is, of course, SSRI drugs.
Nobody wants to talk about that, despite the fact that virtually every mass shooter
over the past 20 years has been on Prozac or a derivative of one of those drugs.
So they don't want to talk about that,
but they want you to take anger management courses if you want to buy bullets.
Because the pharmaceuticals have to own our country,
just as many people own our foreign policy,
it's all about ridiculing the Americans in the United States
using our system against us.
It really makes me sick.
Now, we're going to continue this discussion, Paul,
but I just have to mention Alex is on the line.
He's about to pop in on the other side.
When we come back in just a few moments with breaking news,
he's been covering how the media is perpetuating this hoax
that the ammunition buys our new big deal.
It's just saving money, ladies and gentlemen,
and anyone concerned about those 2 billion bullets, 1.6 billion bullets,
armored tanks, while they're conspiracy theorists and they belong in the gulag
after they take their anger management courses.
Thanks for listening.
Stay tuned.
A lot of news ahead.
Alex Jones on the other side, Infowars.com.
Hello, I'm Alex Jones.
Myself, my family, the Infowars.com team want to relay to you
and your families that we are intensifying our efforts
against the globalist on every front.
Infowars.com is leading the fight against the technocrats,
but we can't do that without your help
by getting the films, bumper stickers and T-shirts at Infowars.com.
You will wake up people in your area
and support our operation as we move to the next level.
We need your help to spread the word like never before.
They wish to hide themselves during this tectonic battle
between the forces of freedom and darkness.
You are the response to the globalist technocrats
and their program of global eugenics dehumanization
ultimate extermination.
The war is here.
It's an Infowar.
The spirit of 1776 versus the mindset of 1984.
American gardeners and fellow patriots
make the right choice with your money, time
and your family food supply.
Choose 100% pure heirloom seeds
in the Survival Seed Vault from MyPatriotSupply.com.
Why spend more?
The Survival Seed Vault from MyPatriotSupply.com
is only $37.95 and includes 20 varieties
of pure, hardy, easy-to-grow heirloom seeds.
Yes, only $37.95.
That's 70% less than our competitors.
You could buy three Survival Seed Vaults
for less than one of theirs.
The Survival Seed Vault from MyPatriotSupply.com
includes detailed planting and seed-saving instructions
and ships same day.
Plus, all orders over $49 ship free.
MyPatriotSupply.com is American-owned by patriots like you.
Passionate about freedom and preparedness.
Call now, 866-229-0927.
That's 866-229-0927.
Or discover more emergency preparedness items
when you order at MyPatriotSupply.com.
Choose the original.
Choose the Survival Seed Vault at MyPatriotSupply.com.
Hey, everybody.
Ty Bollinger here.
Once again, real life, real stories.
And he discovered Carnivora.
He was so thrilled with the product
that he shared it with his family
and his friends and his patients.
My dad was a family physician.
He was a medical doctor.
Almost all the symptoms were either diminished or gone.
Amazing product, amazing results.
It's like an amazing thing,
having such a profound change in how I feel
and knowing that it was the Carnivora that did it.
And a lot of patients got better,
ranging from immune dysfunction to allergies and infection.
Here's the toll-free telephone number to call
to access the Carnivora telecast at Carnivora.com
on Tuesday, March 12th, 8 p.m. Eastern Time.
Call 1-888-694-9666.
That's 1-888-694-9666.
Once again, 1-888-694-9666.
Visit C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A dot com
or call 1-866-Venus-Fly to order now.
Big Brother.
Mainstream media.
Government cover-ups.
You want answers?
Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
We're back at Infowars.com, ladies and gentlemen,
and it is a historic day.
Rand Paul made a courageous stand in the Senate,
filibustering the appointment of John Brennan
and the new age of drones over America
as they have established NORTHCOM,
as they have destroyed Posse Comitatus,
and as they try to continually eat out our substance.
Joining us now over the phone is Alex Jones.
He has breaking news.
Are you there, Alex?
Aaron, thank you so much.
Heard you and Paul do the first hour.
I know Paul's coming back with a bunch of other breaking news
and special reports with our other reporters
in the second and third hour today.
And of course, I rarely take off,
but I've taken off the last week
to spend time with my family and refocus
because it's important in this Infowar
that all of us get some rest and relaxation.
But obviously, I've been following
DrudgeReport.com, Infowars.com,
PrisonPlanet.tv, the nightly news,
and it's just wonderful to see you and the team
really growing and growing
and even surpassing my skills
in research and oratory activities
on the radio and on the nightly news.
Now, I want to take the floor here
for the 11 minutes we have left in this segment,
and I'm going to turn the broadcast back over to you.
Obviously, I will be back Sunday live 4 to 6
with the Sunday show and then back Monday full-time.
I wanted to take our spring break a week early
so we didn't take vacation with everybody else.
But that said, Alex Jones here
reporting from the coastline of Texas.
And now in the 10 minutes I have,
I want to very, very calmly,
calmly because we break so much incredible information
that it kind of gets lost sometimes
in the background ambience
of the extreme nature of the developments.
But I want people to really focus in with me
on the spectacle that's taking place
because one problem that Infowars.com has,
our entire crew, and one problem that I see
with the rest of the real pro-liberty media
that is in this country
is that we don't tend to break down our successes
when they've happened.
And the problem with that is,
in a war, when you have victories,
it's key for morale
that you talk about those victories
and talk about what made them successful.
So I want to break some really big news here on air
before the listenership
and call them to action as well
because it's two-part.
There's what's happening
with the giant, unprecedented arms buildup
by the occupation forces of the globalists here domestically.
There's their attempt to turn the police and military
against the population
and the people against the police and military
for a conflict organized and refereed
by homeland security,
a giant false flag, a civil war.
To counter our 10th Amendment redress of grievance
that is constitutional,
they need to counter-strike
and try to label opposition to tyranny
as terrorist or as radicals
ahead of globalist programs getting so bad
that it elicits the grassroots response
at the state houses and the counties and cities
by the population and good people
that are in government
that the social engineers know will resist.
So that said, I want to be very, very calm here
and walk through this in this segment
and perhaps the next because time's running out.
This is the heart of the matter.
Rand Paul and the filibuster we saw last night
and through the early morning hours
and the media's response is a microcosm
of everything we face.
Simply standing up and recognizing the tyranny of our time
will allow us to rebuke it and reverse it.
But if you study history,
most of the time,
tyrannies are opposed after the fact,
after they've already come to fruition.
Then they can be looked back on in hindsight
and, oh, you know, that was a terrible thing.
Why didn't we do something?
We need to recognize the long train of abuses
that we've already seen unfold
is only the beginning of debts of corruption
and oppression that will dwarf by many powers
what we've already seen.
So you see Rand Paul come out and other senators join him
because in the beginning, a patriot is a scarce man
hated and feared and scorned,
but in time when his cause succeeds, the timid join him
for then it cost nothing to be a patriot.
And that's the Sunshine Patriots.
But I want to point out here
that when he brought up the Hitlerian aspects
of Homeland Security,
when he brought up the massive arms buildup against us,
that is the heart of it,
that the government saying,
give us your guns while they're arming to the teeth
is the ultimate argument that will defeat
the foreign takeover,
the globalist corporate takeover of America.
And that is why, and I bring us now to the hoax,
that exposing the hoax is absolutely paramount.
Now we first have to give credit
because it's important to recognize the effect we've had
and our listeners have had
as a victory for further future victories
to understand it was info-wars.com
magnified by drudgereport.com.
Let's just give the credit where it's due
so we understand how to have further victories
that has reversed so many of their operations
on the TSA with the worst type of scanners being removed.
On so many other fronts, TSA on the streets,
that's being pushed back from Houston
to Minneapolis, St. Paul, Minnesota.
And so many other victories, I won't get into them all.
It was info-wars.com that led the charge
and we were told that we do not grope you.
We do not take old ladies behind closed doors.
We do not take children away and strip them.
There is no radiation.
We don't save naked images.
All of that, of course, was a lie and a fraud.
Media matters of the White House,
openly run by the White House, Politico,
all of the enemy systems stonewalled the last three years
and said none of this was real.
They finally have caved in and have discredited themselves.
They're still operating like there's no opposition,
like there's no media that can challenge them.
They're still operating in a pre-internet 1990-style system
because they know they're losing,
they just can't help it because they're not all powerful.
It isn't written that they win.
We are men, too.
We are women, too.
They are just men and women.
We must seize the destiny of liberty.
Now, that said, there's a new hoax
run the last 12 months or so
saying there are no billions of bullets,
there are no drones,
Politico, Washington Post, even AP, Media Matters,
Raw Story, Huffington Post with snotty articles
saying there are no bullets or it's an internet rumor
or it's anonymous post or Matt Drudge is insane
and Alex Jones is insane and none of this is happening
and Kurt Nemo is a liar.
There's no drones watching farmers
who were just reading out of Wired magazine,
the Daily Mail and the Billings Gazette.
So they ran that pure propaganda system of
this is not an assault while the Tet Offensive is happening
and the rockets are shooting at us, okay?
So they're burning up in front of us
just like when we got their Copenhagen Treaty
four years ago.
We are devastating them on every front.
They are bleeding out right now
but we don't realize the victory we're having.
Infowars.com, prisonplanet.com, drudgereport.com
have forced all the mainstream Neocon talk show hosts
to cover this now.
We have forced mainstream news to lie and say it didn't exist
when it openly comes out it does exist
and that Robert Gibbs moment,
I want to skip this network break, this is too important.
This network break coming up, we're going to skip it.
This is so key historically what's happening right now
ladies and gentlemen, listen to me carefully.
And I know I keep repeating that
because I'm having trouble breathing.
This is so huge.
This is destiny.
This is history.
The enemy propaganda arms are not going to tell us
how effective we are.
They're not going to trumpet our victories.
When Japan was almost burnt to the ground, millions dead
with thousands of sorties a day,
they were announcing Tokyo Rose
that the US had been defeated.
Baghdad Bob, as tanks were behind him one mile away
and buildings were blowing up, was saying that US forces
had been driven completely from Iraq.
Okay.
Now remember the Club of Gibbs.
Remember Gibbs saying two weeks ago,
trying to make a joke out of it, trying to acclimate,
trying to get, oh, I was told a lie about a program
that was admitted to exist.
Like the Wizard of Oz, the man behind the curtain.
Isn't it funny?
You see, they know they're being discredited,
being given orders to basically walk
the political machine gun fire and say, there are no drones.
There are no checkpoints.
There are no tanks.
There are no military drills.
There is not 2 billion rounds of bullets.
Everyone's saying it's a liar.
Everyone's saying it's a terrorist.
Everyone's saying it's a criminal.
Everyone's saying it's a racist.
There are no death panels.
Now they admit death panels.
There is no doubling of rates on premiums.
Now they admit it.
Everyone's feeling the lie now because offshore banks
are asanguinating, imploding, sucking us dry like a spider
sucks its prey dry after it's tied them up.
And Obama and all these whores, all these teleprompter readers,
all these media people, they're just mercenaries
left behind during the scorched earth looting process.
They're not the real masters.
The masters don't care if Obama's discredited.
They don't care if their system's discredited.
They want to start a civil war while they sit offshore
and watch this.
Does everyone hear the magnitude of what I'm laying out here?
This is history happening, history, history.
We have forced into the mainstream corporate-controlled media,
and there's so much still legitimate media,
McClatchy and local papers who won't lie,
who do see the local drone or the local army checkpoint
or the billion bullets bought in the last six months
and a billion before that, who are reporting.
See, it isn't total lies in the mainstream.
The main organs, CNN, MSNBC, Politico,
they are operating where the alternative media
and the old real media are now exposing them
because the old media that is legitimate
will not discredit themselves, okay?
They now realize, oh, my God, the conspiracy theorists
weren't conspiracy theorists.
They were historians.
They were informed.
They were passionate.
They were smart.
They knew the truth.
Pardon me, Aaron?
That's it.
I just want to back you up
because I'm not sitting here to agree with you.
Your analysis tends towards correct
usually almost on a daily basis.
You make a few mistakes, of course,
but often you are profoundly correct,
and it is true about history
because historians will have no doubt.
Look at the analysis of Roman history by the British,
by the Enlightenment folks, and by our founding fathers.
It's just they got taken over in such and such year.
Such and such emperor took over.
That's what's happening now, especially since 9-11.
All this other stuff, the denial there's no drones,
is fog of war to distract us who are living here and now.
Absolutely.
Historians will have absolutely no hesitation
in recognizing what's happening, and we shouldn't either.
I'll let you have the floor.
No, no, exactly.
I'm going to talk about four, five more minutes
than let you and Paul wrap up
because I know Paul's leaving
and you've got a bunch of special reports coming up.
I said I'd be calm, and I shot a video
that's up on Infowars.com titled
Media Caught Working with White House in Giant Oaks.
So here's what I'm saying.
They are bankrupting the pension funds.
They are devaluing the dollar.
That's why oil prices and other commodities
and the stock market are going up
because it's devalued dollars that are purchasing it.
The stock market isn't really up, folks.
And the criminals are scared
that if they don't maintain control of America
and Europe during this implosion,
they're all going to get arrested
like so many of them already have been
in Iceland and Italy and Greece.
So this is a desperate gamble,
an all or nothing by the oligarchs
because the oligarchs aren't in control of themselves
and they can't even control their more avarice-driven members.
And so the worst of their group are what drives their agenda.
So they're not in control in this total takeover.
It is a will to power.
It is a instinct.
This is deep stuff, folks.
I hope you're listening to me, okay?
I eat, drink, and sleep this. Listen to me.
They can't control their takeover now.
They can't pull back now.
It's like a jihad, a crusade, a war.
Their most wild people, their suicide bankers,
as Max Keiser calls them, are in control.
And so this thing is going ahead,
but we're going to end up snatching victory
from the jaws of defeat because they thought
we would just sit back and buy their propaganda.
Their propaganda is folding right now.
And so when you read the article that Paul Watson did
that's linked under my video,
Media Caught Working with White House in Giant Hoax,
under it it says,
Related, media portrays DHS ammo purchases as a conspiracy theory.
Politico, Salon, and a bunch of others
actually come out and now say they're getting more desperate.
Before they would just say,
oh, it was only 200,000 bullets,
not a billion six like Alex said,
only focusing on one light item from FedBiz site, okay?
So that didn't work.
So instead of admitting it and trying to spin it
like AP did and saying,
well, we just get a better price on 30 years of ammo,
15 million rounds a month if we use that much.
So now they're saying doesn't exist, doesn't exist,
and it's absolutely discrediting them.
I just saw on infowars.com local newscast covering the bullets,
police, Marines getting concerned,
and then I went and searched the term
and suddenly there's hundreds of local news stations covering it
where people have kids, folks, that run these stations.
They now get, whoa,
they're arming to the teeth saying gun owners and conservatives
and returning veterans are the terrorists
while saying this isn't existing
and veterans especially recognize that psy-op military tactic
and so the light bulb is going off in an ultra massive way.
So infowars.com, drudgereport.com,
they don't give the credit for credit.
The point is we are forcing and have forced everyone to look at TSA,
NDAA, Patriot Act, secret arrest, government drug dealing,
government hidden cameras where some city had, you know,
500 secret cameras even watching the government people.
That just came out today.
It's at the lower left-hand corner of Drudge Report.
All of this is coming out now and as people freak out about it,
we've got to say, see, it's the new world order.
Obama and his puppets have been ordered to do this
and as we see Cruz and as we see Paul and other senators,
they need our support and our political cover
to be able to openly broach all this
and say you're a Nazi, Obama.
You act like an authoritarian.
You're a tyrant.
You are arming against us.
And when the establishment media goes,
how dare you, you're discredited,
laugh in their face and say like the sheriff of Milwaukee County
when they said, why do you go on Alex Jones in the local paper?
You're discredited.
He said, you know what?
You don't control reality.
I'll talk to who I want.
You're the people that are kooks wanting to take our guns
when more guns means less crime.
Here's the statistics.
We stopped letting them dictate to us.
They fully get discredited.
We have the White House daily through Media Matters, Politico,
Raw Story and others countering us, saying we're liars, we're liars,
we're liars when we're telling truth, truth, truth, truth, truth
from hardcore research and our heart and a historical lexicon
and we have now forced this,
these issues of the secret military arms buildup of NORTHCOM
and Homeland Security against the American people,
we've now forced a debate, forced decompartmentalization
where the police, the military, the bureaucrats, the feds,
the Senate, the House, the world is now watching and we,
and this is super dangerous folks so pray for us,
we are now the tip of the spear,
historically forcing real debates and system analysis
and shaping the future battlefield in the info war.
Ladies and gentlemen, the enemy is not going to tell us we're doing this.
You look at the prima facie evidence, it is 100% happening.
We are now driving the news cycles.
We are now setting the agenda.
The enemy is imploding but they may stage false flags,
they may stage massive crises to try to make us go back under their control.
So understand, the drone announcements,
a holder coming out saying okay the president can kill citizens in America,
it's already on the books.
The secret police, the bills introduced,
the final solution against the second amendment,
Kurt Nemo has an article up on every front to just end the second amendment,
the veterans getting letters saying they can't own guns,
people getting arrested for over seven round mags all over the country,
they're already starting the gun confiscation.
So even though we're winning the info war, the enemy doesn't care.
They're moving forward with an accelerated timetable
because they know we're going to beat them long term.
They want to accelerate it.
So we've got to scream bloody murder what tyrants they are
and expose their entire system.
This exposes them when they come out and say there aren't armored vehicles,
DHS isn't buying giant black armored vehicles and we photographed them in Austin
and then they spin it and say the Marines are getting them too.
What does that mean?
They're operating domestically.
They are using psych warfare and it doesn't matter how sophisticated it is
because once you realize it's psych warfare, it's all over.
Once you understand America was taken over by foreign interest,
that's the only power they've got is us not knowing it.
Once we know it, once we know how much trouble we're in,
once we realize it's a hoax that Obama has a mandate
and everyone loves socialism and everyone loves Obamacare
and everyone loves death panels,
it's all a load of crap and the Republican Party works for the same people
but they have some good people in there who we've got to support
so they can quote radicalize America and reverse this like an enzyme chain reaction.
We're at a tipping point, a flipping point.
I feel it.
I intellectually see it.
I spiritually discern it because everyone knows we're in deep trouble
because the hammer is now being dropped.
You either wake up, restore the republic, get really aggressive folks
and it is all over.
These authoritarians pose as liberals.
They are not authoritarians.
They are tyrants.
History is happening.
We have the initiative.
We can win if you realize the power you have,
if you realize you are the resistance and you are Paul Revere,
if you realize the magnitude of what's happening historically right now
and that these enemies are arming to the teeth, training against us,
setting up checkpoints, military acclamation programs everywhere.
I mean I see troops everywhere I go now in Texas running checkpoints,
searching people.
The fact that they're moving this quick shows you how diabolical they are,
what is it that they have planned, absolute purges and takeover
and bowing to them will only ensure our destruction.
They plan a total purge here, a hot Soviet-style red terror.
We've got to get in their face.
That's the only way.
This is not courage.
This is self-preservation.
I filed the video.
It's up at infoawars.com.
Media caught in huge hoax with the White House.
Get it out.
We'll be back with more at infoawars.com.
Alex Jones, ladies and gentlemen, check out his video.
We'll be right back.
Music
We're on the march.
The empire's on the run.
Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Music
All in one filter element.
It is the only one that does it and out of the gates.
We have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides,
herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosilicic acid,
the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands
and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro-Pure with the new Pro-One filter today at infoawarsstore.com
or by calling 888-253-3139.
Music
If you're considering a water filter, have you heard about AquaPale?
AquaPale from freezedryguy.com has huge advantages over many other water filters.
American-made AquaPale units are designed and engineered to not just filter contaminated water,
but capture or kill all bacteria and viruses to non-detectable levels.
AquaPale has the fastest flow rate of any other water filter on the market,
filtering a gallon of contaminated water in about five minutes.
That's water when you need it.
Now, get the world's fastest, safest and most reliable gravity-fed portable water treatment system
for surface, well and wastewater sources.
AquaPale, available in four sizes, starting at only $100.
In all orders to the lower 48, ship free.
Call 866-404-3663 or go to freezedryguy.com.
That's 866-404-3663 or freezedryguy.com.
100% veteran-owned.
The freezedryguy.
Music
Healthy Hearts Club presents Heart and Body Extract.
Supports clean, clear arteries, healthy blood pressure levels, healthy circulation and blood flow, regular heart rate and beat.
What if you could avoid heart attacks?
What if you could avoid emergency room visits?
What if you could avoid surgery?
How? With this.
Heart and Body Extract.
100% organic, no negative side effects.
Guaranteed to work or your money back.
Call now.
866-295-5305.
866-295-5305.
Or order online at heartandbody.com.
Take the high road to a long and healthy life.
866-295-5305.
Or heartandbody.com.
Music
Music
KML in Los Angeles.
Clone Radio. We play the songs that sound more like everyone else than anyone else.
Clone.
Music
I have sworn upon the altar of God.
Internal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man.
Music
The answer to 1984 is 1776.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Show.
We are back from break at Infowars.com.
We're live, ladies and gentlemen.
Alex Jones remains on the line.
We got caught off by break.
We already skipped one break.
But he's pointing out how history cycles.
And we are at an extremely critical juncture.
If we're going to awaken it all, it must be right now.
Alex, are you still with us?
Yes, I know you have David Ortiz coming up with some key victories we're having on the right to life front.
You've got amazing reports with Melissa Melton.
I believe Sha'Carri Jackson's coming up.
Paul Watson did a great job in the first hour.
I want to thank him.
You know, I wanted to be calm when I came on air here today.
And just go over this basic info for people.
But I just can't help it.
This is so historical.
Ladies and gentlemen, a foreign mega group of banks that have taken the planet over through fraudulent derivatives are eugenics in their mindset and philosophy.
And want to not have progress as civilization has had for thousands of years, but who want to create a predatory, Agenda 21 implosion system.
There's always been competing forces.
The good, the bad, the ugly, the twisted, the phony tough, the crazy brave.
There's always been different competing factions in history.
And somehow we decided with television and the modern culture that we would be spectators.
That we would just accept whatever mama and papa government.
I mean, I said decades ago, 15 years ago, that Democrats especially see the government as their mommy and their daddy.
And now we've seen Chris Rock and all these other people say the government is our daddy.
It's our mommy.
Obama is our daddy.
No, he's not my daddy.
He's a foreign hatchet man of mega banks that have imploded Europe, Latin America, Asia, Africa, who are carrying out eugenics, extermination.
These aren't words, ladies and gentlemen.
The reason I'm on over 150 stations now and XM 166 and number one when it comes to radio and podcasting on the Internet is because truth is stranger than fiction.
And I've done thousands of radio interviews and written books and made films that everybody laughed at and said was crazy.
And then it's all coming true.
And now people are going, wait a minute, this guy knows what he's talking about.
Ladies and gentlemen, this isn't about Alex Jones being right.
I would love to be wrong.
This is about understanding.
This is not my opinion.
Do you understand that?
Do you hear me out there?
OK, I'm dead if these people win.
That's why I'm in this fight so hard now.
You maybe you'll live for a while.
You don't take the shots that they're trying to make mandatory.
What I'm trying to say to you is the reason this freaks me out so bad is we've always had lying by mainstream media and twisting.
They are now unified, lying more than ever in giant hoaxes, saying there are no bullets being bought.
There are no armored vehicles.
There are no drones domestically.
As it's all admitted, they're engaged in psych warfare.
It is a magnitude worse than anything I have ever seen.
OK.
And it's desperate because it's not working.
But see, they're getting to a point.
Brzezinski wrote this last year in his new book, after when he said the CFR two years ago, that it's easier and cheaper to kill a million people than to propagandize them.
You see, just because everybody wakes up with their criminals doesn't mean they're going to back off.
That's why police and military need to understand this isn't rhetoric.
This isn't hype.
And you know, it isn't your gut.
Evil people are in control.
It's a lot bigger than Obama.
And there is no future for you and your family if you don't jump on the team and come in for the big win against the new world order.
Now, in the name of Jesus, our lord and savior, I pray that you will wake up and get up off your spiritual fat bottoms.
And I'm talking to the general public out there, not just the police.
I harp on the police and military all day because you're where the rubber meets the road.
But this isn't a game here, OK?
These globalists are criminals.
Of course they staged Sandy Hook.
The evidence is overwhelming.
At least they provocateur'd it.
We know they staged Aurora.
I mean, learn about Sirhan Sirhan.
Learn about staged events.
Grow up, folks.
Realize how much danger we're in.
Don't underestimate how evil these people are.
The fact that they're getting the orders to be so blatantly deceptive and that they're testing the EAS systems and everything else.
It's a thousand other points.
I'm going to throw it back to you guys.
It's just that history is happening.
And the good news is we're not bystanders.
We're not spectators.
Get in the game, folks.
This is going on now.
Discredit the system.
Support the real media.
We're risking our lives here.
Spread the word about Infowars.com and those that help us like DrudgeReport.com that have put their neck out there.
Believe me, every day the White House is now responding to us.
Every day they're countering us and us alone.
We're their only real opposition.
But that doesn't mean that we're small.
I'm small.
Aaron Dykes is small.
David Ortiz is small.
Paul Watson's small.
George Norrie is small, but he'll speak out against this stuff when nobody else would.
And we've got to give him credit of CoastToCoastAM.com.
The point is that we're getting people thinking, but together we're strong.
And together we have power.
And together with individual understanding, we can counter their collective with an individualistic collective of ideas unified under the Bill of Rights and Constitution.
You have the power.
And I don't get up here and tell you all this to scare you.
I get up here because I respect you.
And I know that when you're faced with a real threat, you'll understand that we're cornered.
We're not going to lay down and lick boots and get out of this.
We've got to go through these people.
And we need to do it in the info war now instead of going physical.
If we do go physical, the info war is key now to expand our numbers and discredit the enemy.
And believe me, the people running our government are our greatest enemies.
Sure, the Moolas are out of control.
Sure, Putin's probably a bad guy.
We're not in our country taking over, bankrupting us with death panels, forcing deadly shots on pregnant women.
It's all happening.
They're bum-rushing us from a thousand different points.
Obama's out there rallying his useful idiot soccer moms and socialists to attack and to go to the state houses and politically demand to take our guns.
You see, he needs to rally people as well.
This is a fight, folks.
That's what I want to say.
You're in the fight of your lives.
Okay, the time we're going into will govern the future of humanity.
And again, we're having major victories right now.
We're having huge victories right now, and that's what I want to get across to people.
They're being forced to blatantly lie just to confuse the issue.
And it's hurting them more than it's helping them, but they can't stop because it's their nature.
But again, just because people now are waking up that they're bad, that isn't enough.
We need impeachment.
And believe me, if you get behind Rand Paul and this quickening, this tipping point, if everybody gets behind this right now, believe me, it will only grow into bigger things.
And folks that are cowards, or not cowards, just haven't seen themselves as leaders or think it's arrogant to stand up and be a leader.
It's not arrogant.
Stop being so shy.
This is your family you're talking about here.
We don't have a culture.
We have a fake football entertainment culture.
The real culture is battling for liberty.
We have all this wealth because our forebears were tough as nails and wouldn't be pushed around.
Okay, Americans were the roughest, toughest, meanest group of pirates the world ever saw.
Doesn't mean we were perfect, but we had guts, ladies and gentlemen.
And nobody could push us around.
And that's why we were so great.
If you act like a bunch of cowardly, boot-licking, domesticated sheep who think the nanny state's going to take care of you, you will be overrun.
You will be dominated.
Everything you've got will be taken.
All right, David Ortiz, Aaron Dykes, you guys take it away.
God bless you all, and I'll be back Sunday 4 to 6 p.m.
I'll probably call in tomorrow as well when Catherine Albrecht's in there.
And just God bless you and God bless the Republic.
1776 worldwide, the enemy is the New World Order.
The enemy is the Rockefellers.
The enemy is the New World Order.
God bless you.
Godspeed, Alex.
Thanks for joining us.
And again, I profoundly agree with the things that Alex was saying about this historical tipping point.
I've been doing a study on Patrick Henry, one of our founding fathers, of course, who said, give me liberty or give me death.
He also said, quote, I have but one lamp by which my feet are guided, and that is the lamp of experience.
I know no way of judging the future but by the past.
And what I'm trying to say is that our founders were fluent in Latin and Greek.
They studied how the Roman Republic fell to tyranny, was taken over by emperors, and it's happened over and over again in history.
Henry's quote is deliberately reflexive of the Bible, which itself has an entire history of the cycling and cycling of tyranny, of the bad things that kings did, going against the vision God had for his people.
Again and again, tyranny takes over. History repeats unless we learn from history and put a stop to it while we are here and now in this time.
And I don't agree with Napoleon, who says that history is written by the winners.
I think historians see clearly when tyranny takes over.
But we have to do something now.
The technocrats of this age, of the eugenicists, people like Alex Huxley, have declared that theirs will be the ultimate revolution, the final revolution.
That things done by Hitler, Stalin, et cetera, will be child's play, stepping stones to their total tyranny they intend to put in place by drugging us up, getting us to love our servitude, and getting us to celebrate our own death, going along with genocide and abortions, cheering for the destruction of our people, dividing ourselves against each other.
David Ortiz, you've been following the new news with abortion laws, wasteful government spending, on and on.
We're going to be joining later in the show by Jacari Jackson, Melissa Melton's coming up.
But tell us what you've been analyzing right here and now, David Ortiz.
Hey, Aaron.
Yeah, Alex talked a couple minutes ago about how we're at a tipping point in society.
And there's actually not only a war on guns going on right now, but there's actually a war against abortion going on that really hasn't been in the forefront.
The media's not talking too much about it.
But recently, the state of Arkansas passed a bill that would prohibit abortion past the 12th week.
And they're one of nine states that have passed similar bills.
Some of those bills happen to be for midterm pregnancies.
But there's definitely a growing number of states that are saying enough is enough.
At the very least, we need to have some restrictions.
And I believe it was yesterday, Arkansas lawmakers, they backed the nation's most restrictive abortion bill.
You cannot have an abortion after the 12th week now.
That's obviously going to be brought before probably the Arkansas State Supreme Court.
They might, you know, vote against it or they might uphold it.
But all these state supreme courts cannot strike down all these bills.
I mean, some of these states are going to be able to uphold these laws.
So there's definitely a war going on against abortion as well.
That's good to see.
Well, it's a new developing area where the states are fighting back against that Supreme Court decision.
Of course, Roe v. Wade, 1973, where, by the way, Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said that they passed it so that we could have something to do with this.
She's part of that eugenics, genocidal clique.
And as much as they would like to couch abortion and women's rights, the right to choose, they do not uphold women's rights.
They have enshrined abortion as a way to sell genocide.
They put these clinics in predominantly black neighborhoods.
They've gotten abortion put in in third world developing countries where if they can't sterilize the women and dump them in a field, they'll induce them into abortions.
And just it is morally repugnant at some point.
And we have to recognize the fact that life is also in the hands of the developing baby in the fetus as they'd like to depersonify it.
And it has more to do with the so-called woman's right to choose.
That is a wedge issue to get us to buy into our own destruction.
At least that's my view.
And it's important to note, some people might know this, others might not, but we keep on hearing Roe v. Wade, Roe v. Wade.
Roe is a woman by the name of Norma McCorvey, I believe is how you pronounce her name.
She's actually a pro-life advocate now.
So a lot of people don't know that Roe is a pro-life advocate.
Yeah, you know, I saw a documentary on that because she wasn't just a woman who wanted an abortion.
She worked in abortion clinics and was at that time indoctrinated into those beliefs.
But at a certain point, she saw them stuffing fetuses into freezers and throwing them out in garbage cans.
And she had a turning point, I guess, where she became disgusted with it.
And now she is actually a pro-life activist.
Yeah, a lot of people don't know that.
So, yeah, so it seems that Idaho recently struck down a similar abortion bill.
But truth of the matter is, what's most important is that pro-lifers are on the offensive, and that's a good thing.
I know a lot of libertarians, about two-thirds of libertarians, are pro-choice.
About a third are pro-life, such as Ron Paul and myself.
I believe that the moment you're conceived, you have the right to pursue liberty and happiness,
and no one has the right to prevent you from that.
But it's a contentious issue, but it's important to note that there is a war going on against abortion.
I'm happy to see that war.
Some libertarians probably aren't so happy, but it's important to note that it is going on.
In my view, after studying a lot of eugenics, it is Rockefeller's choice.
He's throwing more money at the abortion issue, the birth control issue, the sterilization issue, the formal eugenics issue,
the covert eugenics issue, than you can shake a stick at.
More money than anyone can individually hope to have in their life, save a few billionaires here and there.
Yeah, and at the very least, I think we should all support restrictions.
I mean, I don't think, I think the vast majority of Americans are against abortion after, say, the sixth month.
Well, have you seen the white papers where on the other side of the coin, so-called bioethicists say we should be able to terminate a child up to age three,
where Obama has referred to a newborn child as a fetus outside of the womb?
That's amazing.
There's actually a bill in Colorado that was passed recently where a church was showing images of aborted fetuses.
It's very, very graphic, but the state supreme court said they can't show that at a church
because the children in the church might have psychological damage if they see those photos.
So they're not against the actual practice, but they are against you viewing photos of aborted fetuses.
But on to other news, and speaking of tyranny, it seems that the state of Michigan is going to pretty much run the city of Detroit.
The finances in Detroit are hellish.
They have a $327 million budget deficit.
They owe more than $14 billion.
They have more than $14 billion in debt.
About a third of the state is living in poverty.
Unemployment rate over 18%.
So now the state of Michigan wants to-
18% in Michigan or in Detroit?
I'm sorry, Detroit.
Detroit has over 18%.
I thought they were at somewhere near 50% unemployment.
No, not that.
I mean, if you include partial unemployment and unemployment, maybe that is true.
But according to the new American, unemployment is about over 18%.
You know what happened in Detroit.
It became an imploded black hole when they pulled out all the industry
and sent it all over overseas to China and other places like that.
Yeah, absolutely.
It used to be prosperous for all kinds of ethnic groups, all kinds of middle-class Americans.
They had great jobs, well-paying, good benefits.
The city was actually one of the pillars of our country at a time in the 50s and kind of a shining light,
and that has been completely turned around by these globalist trade policies.
From 1950 until now, the population in Detroit has decreased by an estimated 60%.
And now they're talking about bulldozing the city.
Yeah, absolutely.
Well, let's hope that there's a revival there, but this is all part of socialism.
This is exactly what socialism does.
We'll be back with more on that on the other side of the bridge.
We'll bring Sha'Carri Jackson ahead, and Melissa Melton will premiere her encounter with Bill Gates.
Stay tuned, Infowars.com.
At rock-bottom prices, head over to offthegrid.com for survival kits, first aid supplies,
dried food, water filters and purifiers, gas masks, solar and crank radios, solar generators,
ammo, knives, stun guns, pepper sprays, hacks and bags, fire starters, a library of books, and a whole lot more.
Get free same-day shipping on all orders over $75.
Enter promo code radio at checkout and receive an additional 5% discount off our already lowest in the industry prices.
Offthegrid.com, proud to stand shoulder to shoulder with you as we protect our Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic.
Amino acids are the building blocks of proteins.
Amino acids have to be delivered to your body in the shape that nature gave them.
If they are to be used to create new proteins in your body, just like a bricklayer cannot use bent or twisted bricks to build a brick wall,
so too your body cannot use bent or twisted amino acids to build new proteins.
Giving your body an undamaged amino acid food can make a huge difference in your health.
One World Whey is an undamaged amino acid food unlike any other.
You see, heating bends and twists amino acids and all whey protein powders, we've investigated,
and most proteins you consume are heated.
With our TrueCool process, you now have a choice with One World Whey.
My name is Daniel. I'm 34 years old.
When I started using One World Whey, I weighed 228 pounds.
Now, after two and a half months, I weigh 182 pounds.
This is my ideal weight.
I've noticed an increase in stamina, rate of recovery from workouts, and an increase in my potency.
Call 888-988-3325 or visit oneworldwhey.com.
It's an MRE smorgasbord at longlifefood.com.
In 1983, Long Life Food Depot was one of the first to sell MRE pouches to the public,
and we're still selling them almost 30 years later.
Long Life Food Depot has the world's most complete MRE online buffet because MREs are all we do.
Tasty varieties of chicken, beef, salmon, and pasta entrees, plus sandwiches and our easy-to-use pouches.
Full moisture, long shelf life, and ready-to-eat hot or cold.
We sell by the pouch or case, so the choices are endless, and so are the graduated quantity discounts.
The more you buy, the more you save.
Call 800-601-2833 or go to longlifefood.com to join our email list for upcoming announcements like the Rollaway Food Pod.
Plus, enjoy fast and free shipping.
Just call 800-601-2833 or visit longlifefood.com.
Emergency preparedness, emergency relief.
Longlifefood.com since 1983.
Sending real food to your real future.
We're back at impowars.com.
This is the Alex Jones Show.
I'm Aaron Dykes sitting in.
You heard Alex earlier on the broadcast.
He'll be back next week taking some much-deserved time off.
But history doesn't stop.
History waits for no man.
Things are happening.
Our Bill of Rights are being destroyed.
And there's a lot of important domestic news as well.
David Ortiz joins us.
Jakari Jackson is still ahead, and Melissa Melton will tell us what happened in her encounter with Bill Gates yesterday.
By the way, I believe he's still in town today.
So if anyone out there in the Austin area would like to try to join his event, ask him questions about his global vaccine program or even protest him, I'd encourage you to do so.
I don't have the information.
But, David, let's get back into the news we were covering.
Well, in gun news, the New York state, it seems that their assault weapons ban, there is a 50-50 chance, may be overturned by the courts.
And there are two lawsuits.
One of them is going to be ruled on, I believe, early next week, and the second one in late April.
The first lawsuit is saying that New York state, the state legislature, passed that assault weapons bill way too quick.
Normally the public has about three days to hear the matter, but they passed it in less than three days.
So activists are suing the state saying that if they're going to do this, they have to give the public at least three days, which is not a lot of time,
but at least three days to voice their opinion on the assault weapons ban.
So it could be overturned via the courts.
And there's another lawsuit regarding the assault weapons ban in late April, basically saying that it's unconstitutional.
Well, obviously it's unconstitutional, but of course there's such tyrants they're going to violate procedure, too.
But it is interesting to use that as a basis to oppose it.
What else is in your stack?
Well, this is just laughable.
I mean, one of the ways to stop tyranny is to sometimes mock it.
And these are real bills that are being passed, I'm not kidding.
Just to show you how ridiculous some legislators are, in Florida there's a bill that's being drafted,
or it's been presented by Senator Audrey Gibson, that would basically say it would require ammo buyers to take anger management courses every ten years.
It's pretty amazing.
Hey, but we covered this with Paul Watson, and it's really no laughing matter, because when you take classes that are marked for mental health,
you become marked in the files as someone with a mental health issue, whether you have it or not.
And so down the road, if they get the most draconian legislation they want, where anyone who's had any kind of treatment, any kind of prescriptions,
can't buy a gun, the fact that you took an anger management course may be used to disbar your Second Amendment.
Right, you know, and these legislators, if you were to tell them, hey, listen, before you're sworn in, you have to take a financial literacy course,
I wonder what they would say.
I mean, when prisoners get out of prison, they sometimes have to take anger management courses.
That has a status on their record, besides the fact they're felons.
Yeah, it's complete lunacy.
Now, I don't know exactly, because I was in the other room, exactly what you and Paul talked about on every issue,
but there's some cases taking place where kids in Florida, there was a kid on a bus who was trying to break up a fight.
One of the students pointed a gun at another student.
He said he was going to shoot him, so one kid intervened, and he was suspended from school as a result of that.
He was on the bus, he saw a fight breaking out, the kid whips out a gun.
He breaks up that fight, saves the life of another teen, and he was suspended for that.
Pretty amazing.
Well, they don't want us to have self-defense.
They want to use those tragedies to restrict our rights.
Yep, and in Michigan, recently, there was a former student, he was 21 years old,
he went to visit his high school because he wanted to speak to a counselor, get a reference letter from a former counselor.
He walked into the school wearing his camouflage uniform, because I believe he's a military individual.
He was wearing a camouflage uniform, a flak jacket, and an empty gun holster, and as a result, the school was evacuated.
You know, the students...
They're going crazy, and they're doing it on purpose to debase our culture.
Stay there, we'll be back on the other side of the break.
We're coming up on the third hour, big premiere video still ahead, and a lot more news.
Our InfoWars reporters join us.
Stay tuned.
Let's fight this.
InfoWars.com.
You are listening to GCN.
Visit GCNlive.com today.
InfoWars.com.
You will wake up people in your area and support our operation as we move to the next level.
We need your help to spread the word like never before.
They wish to hide themselves during this tectonic battle between the forces of freedom and darkness.
You are the response to the globalist technocrats and their program of global eugenics dehumanization and ultimate extermination.
The war is here.
It's an InfoWar.
The spirit of 1776 versus the mindset of 1984.
Waging war on corruption.
Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Big Brother.
Mainstream media.
Government cover-ups.
You want answers?
Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
We're back.
It is the second hour of the InfoWars Alex Jones Radio Show broadcast, and yet we've only begun to fight to save our rights.
And that's what we've got to do.
Paul Joseph Watson is still with us, and he was just describing how the entire agenda is coalescing.
We've become accustomed to the surveillance by drones, by the NSA, by other entities in the name of catching a terrorist.
And yet now it's being used in portrayals, in demonstrations of catching a private gun sale in the act.
Something that's legal, but portrayed in law enforcement and industry videos as being illegal.
So they're demonizing the Second Amendment and showing how drones can be used to catch Second Amendment transactions in action.
All while you've got the Senate and the White House lining up to demonize Rand Paul for using his First Amendment to speak out against the destruction of the Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth Amendments, as well as the continued eradication of the Fourth Amendment.
Not to mention the new attacks in the Senate as they introduce legislation starting today, starting this week, to destroy the Second Amendment piece by piece.
And they, of course, know that Dianne Feinstein's odious, stinky, repugnant assault weapons ban will meet a lot of resistance in the Senate.
So they're introducing separately the registration, the mental health bills, the PTSD.
Veterans can't be armed, even though we put them into a meat grinder and fed them prescription pills and sent them on five, six tours into a never-ending war on terror so we can use drones to take out people.
It's a weird, sick cycle. Paul Joseph Watson, please take the floor.
Yeah, related to the gun control issue again, while the DHS is buying two billion bullets and the media is telling you it's no big deal, here's an article out of Fox News, Florida bill would require anger management courses for bullet buyers.
And this is legislation in Florida. Critics say the latest example of local lawmakers reaching for constitutionally dubious solutions to the problem of gun violence.
So basically, the proposal would require ammo buyers to take the anger management courses every ten years.
So not only are they demonizing gun owners as angry, violent extremists, they're now trying to push through legislation where you have to take anger management courses to prove that you're a well-behaved citizen, to prove that you can own firearms and ammunition, while the feds are buying it all up, causing mass shortages all over the country.
And of course, not only is that silly, but it infringes on rights because then you're labeled as having some kind of mental health issue and later on they're going to use that to restrict your ability to buy a weapon.
Well, precisely, and then also there was the Obamacare thing where the Obama administration clarified the fact that doctors could ask Americans about the guns that they owned as a precursor to getting Obamacare.
That came out a few weeks ago. So they're trying to tie all this mental health stuff into gun control while still avoiding the primary mental health connection, the real connection to gun violence, which is, of course, SSRI drugs.
Nobody wants to talk about that, despite the fact that virtually every mass shooter over the past 20 years has been on Prozac or a derivative of one of those drugs.
So they don't want to talk about that, but they want you to take anger management courses if you want to buy bullets.
Because the pharmaceuticals have to own our country just as many people own our foreign policy.
It's all about ridiculing the Americans in the United States using our system against us. It really makes me sick.
Now, we're going to continue this discussion, Paul, but I just have to mention Alex is on the line.
He's about to pop in on the other side when we come back in just a few moments with breaking news.
He's been covering how the media is perpetuating this hoax that the ammunition buys are no big deal.
It's just saving money, ladies and gentlemen, and anyone concerned about those two billion bullets, 1.6 billion bullets, armored tanks.
Well, they're conspiracy theorists and they belong in the gulag after they take their anger management courses.
Thanks for listening. Stay tuned. A lot of news ahead.
Alex Jones on the other side. Infowars.com.
Big Brother. Mainstream media. Government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does he.
Today's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Ladies and gentlemen, we have entered the third hour as we try to save our country from entering hell.
This is The Alex Jones Show. I'm, of course, not Alex. I'm Aaron.
And I'm joined by David Ortiz and a host of other reporters.
You notice most talk show hosts, many TV shows will just go to rebroadcast any time they want when the boss is off for vacation.
We don't do that here, at least not usually at Infowars. Even when Alex is on vacation, really needs a break sometimes.
He's still calling in to give us critical information.
And we're here trying to report and cover issues as best we can because things are happening by the minute, by the hour, and certainly by the day.
Now, David, we've covered a smattering of domestic news, a lot of weird nanny state social conditioning matters.
And it seems one major epicenter for that is always New York City and the just glorious Mayor Bloomberg.
He could be our emperor someday. Absolutely. Absolutely.
He could buy the presidency and just be our emperor.
Well, he could definitely buy the presidency. There's no question that he has enough funds to do so.
The nanny state is getting completely out of control in New York City and recently the mayor has announced that he will set aside some funds to promote the cause of...
Health officials are planning a social media campaign to warn young people about the risk of losing their hearing from listening to music at high volume on personal MP3 players.
The iPod generation is the first to use buds that are inserted directly into the ears and modern music players are more of a threat to hearing than the Sony Walkman of the 1980s, experts say.
So basically, he's starting a campaign, a social media campaign to make sure that people watch the volume of their earbuds.
But it always starts that way and pretty soon this will become legislation.
Once he sees that he's not getting his way, he's going to start regulating this issue as well, in my estimation.
This is bizarre because obviously, if anything, is a personal choice of how loud you want to listen to music.
It's an individual's choice, especially with something like earbuds.
There's no pretense of disrupting society or the neighborhoods or something.
I mean, really Bloomberg has been on a tirade.
Let's just recall some of the things he's done for years.
He's tried to ban salts and trans fats in New York City.
Tax cigarettes, ridiculous.
Tax cigarettes, which they do everywhere, but he's been definitely part of it.
And a big stir over his banning of 16-ounce or greater sodas.
Yeah, absolutely. Now you can't get a 16-ounce, so people are just getting two of the mid-size ounces.
Of course, he doesn't want us to have our guns either because he's a billionaire and he knows what's best for us.
Yeah, not only that, but at hospitals, he's basically saying that women have to breastfeed.
You know, they can only get formula if they cannot breastfeed because he wants to promote breastfeeding.
Well, what do you think is going on?
Because in the UK, they've been a few years ahead of us.
They have what's known as anti-social behavior laws.
And they have these megaphones that will bark at you on the streets if you litter or if you jaywalk or if you're a suspect.
Now they have this actually in New Jersey and some American cities.
They'll shoot you with a red spotlight and try to show the police like the suspect is here in this zone.
And it's this behaviorism that's trying to control the things we do.
That's my take. What do you think is going on with it?
Well, absolutely. The police state is growing. New York works very closely with London.
Actually, the mayor travels to London at least twice a year.
And they talk shop, you know, and that's why those are two of the biggest police cities in the world.
But it's one thing to enforce the law. It's another to try to correct someone's behavior, especially from a government post.
This is one thing to go on a tirade and lecture people about what do you think is moral.
But how can he legislate policies even at the city level to affect someone's behavior?
Well, I think one way that the one way that he's getting away with it is simply people aren't challenging him.
A lot of people are in a coma. They're just going on with their lives.
They say they're against these initiatives, but no one is suing the mayor on these initiatives.
I know that the soda industry is going to sue him regarding that.
But he's not being sued and he should.
This was the short break. We're going to be back in the long segment on the other side.
Stay with us, David. We're also going to be joined by Jakari Jackson coming up.
I want to get a little bit more into the nanny state and what I think is going on.
I'm going to talk to you about collectivism, which I know you rail against as well.
Stay tuned. We've got to expose the system. We've got to see through the deception, folks.
Infowars.com will be back. Alex will be back next week.
Big Infowars Nightly News tonight.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day.
If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better.
You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared.
For years, we've told you about our friends at e Foods Direct.
They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food on the planet.
This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight.
A long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from e Foods Direct.
Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies.
Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared.
Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com slash Alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to efoodsdirect.com slash Alex.
You can bet your life on e Foods Direct.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our immunity and health.
At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection of silver-based products.
Our most popular silver-based products are the 32-ounce nano silver solutions,
our 2-ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well as our all-natural silver soaps.
Just released is our 100% natural silver gel.
Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface.
But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera
to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more effectively.
Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver-based products are best for you.
That's www.silverlungs.com.
It is the only one that does it, and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code WATER.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine,
hydrofluorosilicic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro-Pure with the new Pro-One filter today at infowarskstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
We now take you live to the Central Texas Command Center in the heart of the resistance.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is the Infowar. Of course, information pours in by the minute.
I've just been given breaking news by our Don Salazar. The White House has responded to Rand Paul's long filibuster saying,
will you or won't you strike drones in America on soil? They have issued the answer, no.
Attorney General Eric Holder wrote Senator Rand Paul to confirm that the president does not have the authority to kill an American on U.S. soil in a non-combat situation.
But of course, they've declared under NDAA, under NORTHCOM, that really we are in a combat situation.
So it's more legal skirting, but they've had a moral defeat. They've been put on the spot.
His long filibuster, a dramatic motion to say, no, unconstitutional. I want a line in the sand. You're going to give me an answer.
They did at least have to respond. And again, Alex brought it up. He's brought it up in the past.
Robert Gibbs was told from the White House not to even acknowledge that there was a drone program for many years.
Now, I want to tell you about Infowarshealth.com. Once again, so many things are happening in the world.
All these nanny state tyrants like Bloomberg want to tell you how to behave, what to do with your own health.
But of course, that means they want you to take vaccines. They want you to eat GMOs for the good of the earth.
I say do otherwise. Educate yourself. You go find out what you think is most vital for your health, that that's vitamin supplements.
That's your choice to make. I decided to try out the Younggevity products we have at Infowarshealth.
I had a great response. And I'll tell people because I get this question all the time.
People tell me about their own successes and also ask how they can have it. I use the Younggevity healthy blood sugar pack.
And it comes with four components. The Beyond Tangy Tangerine, which has 90 essential vitamins and nutrients.
It comes with the EFA Plus, which is omega 3 and 6 fats. It comes with Osteo FX, which has calcium, magnesium and a lot of vitamin D3.
And it also comes with Slender FX Sweeties, which has chromium and vanadium.
Now, what that does is help control your blood sugar when you eat at meals or if you indulge in a snack or dessert.
That will help you from spiking your system and really getting attacked from their completely unnutritional products that are available in the world today.
Now, we're here, not, of course, to plug products, but we do support the broadcast that way.
But we're in the middle of talking about Mayor Bloomberg, this big nanny state. I'm going to tell you how to behave.
And I just wanted to say, David, that and Jakari, who's now joining us, that that comes out of the portrayal, the archetype we have of George Orwell's 1984, right?
That's the Big Brother Society. They're going to watch you do everything, tell you what to do, ration your food.
Well, I've studied it. George Orwell, I believe, I'm convinced, was critiquing oligarchical collectivism as represented by the Fabian socialists and all these other globalists who are part of this big cartel to take over our lives, control economies and eventually get down to the point of telling us whether we can have a soda or not.
We need to make that choice for ourselves. Clearly, soda is not healthy, but we don't need some tyrant in a business suit telling us what to do.
Real quick, I want to read this quote and then let's have y'all's discussion.
Fabian socialist and eugenicist George Bernard Shaw said that under socialism, which is oligarchical collectivism, that means fascism, that means all kinds of things considered patriotism, you would be forcibly fed, clothed, lodged, taught and employed whether you liked it or not.
But if it were discovered you had not the character and industry to be worth all this trouble, you might possibly be executed in a kindly manner.
And that is socialism. That's Obamacare. That's the death panels. It's come home to roost. It's here. We have to face that issue and we have to make a stand on that as well.
What do you guys have to say about that?
No, absolutely. That's where it leads to. And in the next segment, Melissa Melton is going to talk a little bit about Bill Gates and her encounter, but it's important to note that it all starts off sweet and harmless.
But Mayor Michael Bloomberg has also donated over $100 million to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and they want to raise at least $5.5 billion to eradicate polio.
But a lot of these vaccinations are obviously...
Right, so big brother Bloomberg is not only going to tell you what to drink in the city of New York, he's going to contribute to making people sometimes at the point of gunpoint in Africa and India and Pakistan to take vaccines.
And as you may have seen in the wires, a lot of Pakistanis and Indians are not happy with that. They see it as an invasion of their sovereignty.
There have been cases of shooting vaccine workers, but here's Bloomberg in combine with the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and all their billionaire pledges.
And of course, he also meets in secret at these billionaire clubs in bid to curb overpopulation. I don't know if we could show this screen.
Bill Gates, David Rockefeller, George Soros, Michael Bloomberg, Oprah Winfrey, Ted Turner of CNN who donated $1 billion to the United Nations to curb population.
They all meet and talk about what they can do to stop the fertility, to end people's lives, to make those choices for them, Rockefeller's choice.
Yeah, absolutely.
Exactly, you talk about Ted Turner and I believe it was We Are Change got the interview with Ted Turner where they asked Mr. Turner, what do you feel about population control?
I think his number conservatively was 95%.
And people say, well, these people who are just concerned about population, they just don't want any more kids. I mean, if he wants to reduce population by 95% in his lifetime, he's an older gentleman, some people have to be knocked off.
It's not just new people coming along, it's people on the planet being dealt with.
Oh, they're strongly hinted at that and they have those plans. We'll see if they go live with them.
But at the same time, they want to forcibly sterilize people, lie to many people in the third world country as they sterilize them without their consent and then induce them into abortions, get them to buy into their own destruction.
That's my analysis. You guys give me your analysis.
Exactly, just like you said, I believe it was during the TED conference where Bill Gates said conservatively he wants to reduce world population using vaccines and other methods by 10%.
I mean, he says this blatantly in the TED conference and people get up and they clap and they cheer and they say, yeah, let's reduce world population.
I mean, it makes me think, what makes you think he's not talking about you?
Just because you're in this room with him, with your invitation only, you think he's not talking about you or your children or possibly your children's children?
Oh, they don't. They think they're part of the crowd. That's why they're clapping.
Always at these events, it's such sycophantic crowds. They just praise their leader and they just love the fact that someone's up there authoritatively telling it like it is.
Bill Gates has no authority on this planet. He just has a lot of money. He didn't even finish college.
He's just from an elitist family that believes in eugenics, so that's what he's going to use his money towards.
And he wants to set policy not only for nations but for the entire globe.
Right.
There's a study out there that shows you can comfortably fit the world's population inside of California and Texas.
So this nonsense that the world is overpopulating is not true.
Do you have to keep in mind when people say it's overpopulated, it's these big billionaires who own massive amounts of land and they don't want to share their land with anybody else.
Let's say, yeah, I own enough land in the US to own my own state and I don't want anybody else in it.
So in their opinion, yeah, the world is overpopulated from their perspective.
And they don't want competition, I think. What do you guys think about this talk of collectivism, the stuff George Bernard Shaw said?
Do you think collectivism, getting everyone under one tent is a good way to enforce eugenics policies or just simply big brother policies where if they can get you in the system on welfare, can they then put conditional strings and tell you what to do?
Oh, exactly. Exactly. If you have everybody under the same umbrella, as you put it, it's easy to pull the strings.
You know, if you want your food stamps this week, if everybody's on food stamps, you have to come get this shot, you have to come get sterilized, you have to come do what we say to get your allotment this week.
They've really done that stuff, too.
And if you look at the communities that receive the most federal assistance, they're the ones that are in the most poverty.
The number one community in the United States that gets the most federal assistance is the Native American community, and they're the community struggling most with poverty.
Number two is the African American community, so they're the number two community struggling most with poverty.
The number three community is the Hispanic community.
They're the ones that receive the third amount of federal funds, and they're the third most poverty-stricken group in this country.
So there's definitely a correlation.
And we've shown the videos, it was years ago before you guys were working here, about how they sterilized up to 40% of Native American women.
They've heavily targeted those communities, and again, they're on assistance, so they could say, and they've made threats in many cases of people on assistance,
if you want your food stamps, you're going to get that daughter to have an abortion, you're going to get her sterilized because there's too many and we don't want to support you and the state doesn't want to pay for your babies.
Right, exactly, and I believe Native Americans represent, I think, about 1% of our population currently.
So it's a very, very sad thing to see that they've been targeted in that aspect, but it's not just them.
It's any group, because people say, well, I'm not this race or I'm not that faith, so they're not coming after me.
It's like, no, if you're not in their elite club, if you don't have dinners with Bill Gates and Ted Turners, you're not one of them.
So that's something that people need to understand.
Yeah, you didn't get the memo not to drink the water or take the shots, which again, you alluded to the birth control, not the birth control shots, but how the vaccines are used to reduce populations.
The Rockefeller Foundation, which works in lockstep with Bill Gates, developed in the 80s a HCG vaccine, where HCG is a hormone that's needed for healthy pregnancy.
It's actually a sign of pregnancy, but covertly, geniusly, evilly, they put it in the vaccines with the tetanus toxoid so that the body gets the tetanus shot,
starts the autoimmune response to the tetanus to immunize against tetanus, but in the process immunizes against HCG, preventing pregnancy.
And that's been found to have been deployed in the third world, in Africa, in the Philippines, I believe, or other Pacific American countries.
It's not just things like mercury that they put in the shots.
And I mean, why would you do that? Because for years it was never give a pregnant woman mercury, now it's like shoot them up with mercury.
They weren't even supposed to eat things that contain mercury, now they're getting shots that contain it.
It's totally insane as they add more and more shots to the vaccine regimen.
What other news did you bring to the stack?
Well, I brought some news that I covered actually earlier this week, and this all ties into the government waste of money.
Because people have heard, and I believe there's something recently this week, where we had a FEMA drill.
Well, it hasn't happened yet, but it came out that FEMA was sponsoring a new zombie drill.
We'd seen these zombie drills in, I believe it was San Diego, just a few months ago, I believe it was in October, they had a zombie drill in San Diego.
All right, zombie drills, we're coming up on the break, hold that thought, I just wanted a little teaser preview from you.
Also, the Bill Gates encounter will preview later in this hour, and stay tuned tonight for the InfoWars Nightly News, it's going to be big.
InfoWars.com, we're going to bring you some important news, and Alex will be back soon.
A long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from eFoods Direct.
Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies.
Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared.
Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time, call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
Hey there, my name is Frank Bates.
Do you know the number one most valuable item in a crisis?
Some people think the answer is gold, others think it's a gun, but the correct answer will shock you.
I just created a free video at Crisis123.com that reveals a surprising item that is more valuable than gold in a crisis.
Ninety-seven percent of Americans don't have this one critical item.
In fact, they haven't even given it a thought.
And the sad truth is that you may not survive without it when a real crisis hits and a starving mob is right outside your door.
What I have to tell you could literally make the difference between life and death for you and your family.
Watch my video at Crisis123.com to discover the number one most valuable item in a crisis.
You'll be shocked.
See the controversial video that thousands of other smart patriots have already seen in the last three months.
Go watch my video now at Crisis123.com before they force me to shut it down.
Again, that's Crisis123.com.
Now there's an amazing new natural antibiotic every person must have.
It's Cells Alive Silver Solution, and it destroys over 650 hard-to-kill viruses, fungus, bacteria, and much more.
Cells Alive Silver Solution has no expiration date, is great for emergency kits and storage shelters, and comes in eight or 16-ounce bottles.
Order today at 888-910-4367 or visit HempUSA.org.
HempUSA.org, 100% chemical-free superfoods and unique health products.
We the people grow cotton and wheat fabric, engrave ink, embed strips and fibers to protect from counterfeit,
then carting to a private bank, having it lead back at interest, forcing taxes to service debt.
This capitalism, or was Jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing the public currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than a standing army?
Hi, Ted Anderson. I'm placing a free silver dollar in a book that explains our monetary system.
Call for your copy, 800-686-2237.
It's time to understand the system. Call 800-686-2237. That's 800-686-2237.
We've lived in this neighborhood for years. We have an alarm system and all of our doors have deadbolts.
They kicked in our door and were in and out of our house in about five minutes.
The police arrived in about 20 minutes, but they were long gone with our TV, jewelry, and my guns.
I kept thinking, what if my family had been home?
The police officer said that more than 85% of break-ins are through a door, and that deadbolts alone don't stop intruders.
The officer told me to go to EasyArmor.net if we wanted something that would actually stop an intruder.
EasyArmor reinforces all of the weak points on your doors and is guaranteed to prevent kick-ins.
I was surprised at how little EasyArmor costs, and I installed EasyArmor in about 30 minutes.
Visit EasyArmor.net. That's the letters E-Z-A-R-M-O-R dot net.
Or call 888-58-ARMER. That's 888-582-7667.
EasyArmor.net. Ultimate door security made easy.
This is Infowars.com. We are rapidly pacing to the end of the show, but not yet.
We still have a big premiere ahead. Ja'Carri Jackson's with us. David Ortiz is still with us.
You brought up zombie drills. It's been argued that they're trying to dehumanize us against military conditioning.
We know that the Pentagon developed video games to try to take them out of that moral conflict.
Drones really puts them in that place. They've done surveys like the 1994 29 Palms survey,
where they asked soldiers, would you fire on Americans, and would they kill innocent people in foreign countries with drones?
Well, we've seen it start happening. We've seen some people willing to do it.
What do you think is behind zombie drills? Is it just hype?
I don't think it's just hype. I think it's, like you said, it's a dehumanization drill.
Because some people are looking at, well, it's just another drill, and there just happens to be zombies.
Even if it is just another drill, why are they training in U.S. cities?
You think about it, the military, they train for scenarios or places that they plan to be.
They may go out to the desert and train in the desert. They're planning to go to a foreign desert.
But why are they in a populated American city such as San Diego and other cities where we've seen these drills
if they're not planning to come for some type of urban unrest?
Here domestically is the point I want to make with these zombie drills.
And like I said, the newest one that we know of is scheduled to happen on the 27th of April in Idaho.
And I actually contacted a FEMA representative in that region. I believe it's FEMA Region 10.
And he said he was unaware of any such developments.
I don't know if you guys can get a dot cam shot, but on this right here, you can see clearly it says FEMA.gov.
So maybe he was not informed of this drill, but it was an official, at least FEMA was aware of it,
because it's on their own website, FEMA.gov. It says it right there on the page.
Oh, they're securing our homeland. They got to know about these drills.
They're securing our homeland. I just thought it was ridiculous. It's a zombie UFO crash.
So now we have alien zombies.
That's the scenario, huh?
And even if it is, it's just zombie hype. I mean, they're still training in American cities.
But the CDC put out a publication with the theory where a pandemic turns into zombies, and the military has to take control.
There was an article back in 2011, Mike Adams did an article, CDC warns Americans to prepare for zombie apocalypse.
And that's just one of many zombie alert issued by Homeland Security last year.
And my deal is, what scenario are you training for? Is this just a big waste of money, or is there something that you're really training for?
If you're really training for something that could be some type of biological epidemic, I think you might want to warn the American people.
Instead of acting like it's a joke and trying to blur reality.
Well, they could know that there's an economic collapse soon to occur.
Our very own Max Keiser says that he expects an economic collapse within the next month or so.
And you see now that the stock market is soaring, that's usually what happens with bubbles.
Right before things collapse, the stock market does wonderfully, so.
Well, they're preparing for unrest, that's for sure. That's why they're training in the cities.
That's why they established NORTHCOM, and they're using it as a loophole to get around the restrictions to using military on domestic soil.
Exactly, exactly. And it just goes deeper into the whole sequester deal, just government waste of money.
Because we saw the article earlier this week, Homeland Security Chief threatens terror attacks if budget cuts go through.
Now, this is Napolitano saying that, hey, if we have budget cuts, you guys better watch out.
She says, I'm not here to scare people, I'm here to inform and let people begin to plan. Plan for what?
You know, we're going to have some new terror attack if we cut 85 billion.
I mean, think about how much we spend on a war each year. I mean, 85 billion, that may sound like a lot, it's really nothing.
And it just goes on to show that maybe it's good if we did cut something like, you know, something like the TSA.
Because we have people doing the checkpoints at Super Bowls, we have the Viper teams going.
There'd be a party bigger than the Super Bowl for that.
Man, it's just so ridiculous, and that's just one of many keeping with the sequester cuts.
We have this article, email tells feds to make sequester as painful as promised.
And this article points out that how the White House cut their staff in the White House to give tours, guided tours.
So now you can't take a tour of the White House anymore because of these dreadful sequester cuts, you know, cut 85 billion.
Meanwhile, the Obama family still takes $7 million vacations, they take separate vacations, they go play golf with Tiger Woods and whoever else.
But you can't go take a tour of the White House, you can't take your son to the White House, David, because of these sequester cuts.
And it just goes on from there.
And I got, man, I got a whole bunch here.
And let's see what the next one we have.
TSA sealed $50 million sequester, Eve, to buy a new uniform.
So they buy a new uniform for the TSA.
They're just lying about saving money.
They're not trying to save any money.
And I believe it was David Knight who pointed out this equates to much more than is needed for an individual TSA agent.
So he thinks it's either going to go someplace else or, you know, something's going to happen to this money.
Or they're going to hire more people.
Oh, I bet they're going to hire more.
They're going to do more.
And this is just another example of how money is being wasted.
DHS to release 10,000 illegals while building new detention centers.
That's right, they set the illegals free.
Yeah, we're going to let them go and then go catch them later.
They're going to pretend security while eating out our substance and destroying everything that protects us.
We're going to be back on the other side.
Melissa Melton is about to premiere her Bill Gates confrontation.
That's coming up. Stay tuned tonight on the Infowars Nightly News.
More Focus reports.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run.
Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Supernatural Silver is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silver.
Using a patented technology that is highly effective against colds, flus, infections, food poisoning and yeast.
In addition to many other pathogens, Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe,
and is the number one choice of thousands of people for immune system support.
Find out how Supernatural Silver could change your life.
Go to SupernaturalSilver.com and use the promo code Healthy for 20% off.
That's SupernaturalSilver.com and like us on Facebook.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day.
If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better.
You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared.
For years, we've told you about our friends at eFoods Direct.
They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food on the planet.
This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight.
A long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from eFoods Direct.
Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies.
Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared.
Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to GetSimplySafe.com
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you are protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit, or shed.
GetSimplySafe.com
SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes.
So there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com
From the front lines of the information war, it's Alex Jones.
What we are looking at is good and evil, right and wrong.
A new world order. A new world order.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're in the final half hour of today's saga broadcast.
We've covered the spectrum, the destruction of our civil rights, our Bill of Rights, as they tried to project drones over us.
Rand Paul's bold stand, his filibuster for almost 13 full hours in the Senate,
protesting the nomination of John Brennan and the use of drones.
People like Holder saying they can use them on Americans has been responded to.
We're having an effect. We just have to focus on the issues, cut through the deception, and get to the truth.
And with that in mind, we're going to talk about in this half hour Bill Gates, who of course runs the biggest charitable philanthropic foundation,
which is tax free, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.
And I just want to point out leading into it, they are explicitly in lockstep with the Rockefeller Foundation
and completely continuing what has been a century long saga of eugenics,
social engineering, collectivism, and destruction of all independents.
They're pushing GMOs in all sectors of the world. You know what's going on domestically.
Hopefully you've heard about how they're pushing it into African communities in India and Latin America.
They're destroying local agriculture while forcing people to take food aid or grow GMOs that are destructive to their health.
According to all the studies, they're ignoring all the warning signs and putting more and more money behind it.
While literally paying propaganda to portray them as our saviors and those who are saving us not only money, but lives.
I covered this last year, January 31st, 2012. Bill Gates pays media to portray him as a saint.
And you notice how every article always mentions that he's saving lives,
how he's doing something great for the world by pushing vaccines and calling to curb population.
His famous Ted speech, he talked about lowering the world's population by at least 15% with vaccinations as a key vector for that.
And I exposed how NPR, ABC, the London Guardian, BBC, the Alliance for Green Revolution, Gavi, Monsanto, Cargill,
all these industries, all these media outlets, all these corporate entities are locked together with the Bill Gates and Rockefeller Foundation
to deceive the world to force dangerous vaccinations of food upon us and to consolidate, frankly, a staggering, disturbing amount of money.
One final note I'll add is that the whole rise of foundations was in response to the outrage over monopolies.
At the turn of the 20th century, the Rockefellers, the Carnegies, the Harrimans amassed more money than anyone ever had.
They monopolized the rail, the oil, and the steel industries. They developed and used antitrust laws to try to strike them down.
But they went underground. They went sophisticated.
And it was revealed, at least at the time, that Nelson Rockefeller was being appointed as vice president,
the extent to which they had to use hundreds, maybe thousands, of tax-free entities to put their money offshore,
out of reach while pushing the most un-American, most disturbing, most anti-human programs under the sun.
They investigated it in Congress in 1953.
And Charlotte Iserby will tell you they tried to even destroy the records of those hearings, though they were non-binding.
Iserby was able to save those documents. That's why we know so much today.
I just want to give that as a backdrop to the level of deception and why it's important that we confront people like Bill Gates.
Now, Melissa Melton, you went down with David Ortiz yesterday to the University of Texas. Bill Gates was speaking.
They all applauded him. They were all buying into how he's saving lives and helping the world.
But you know different, right? Because you've been investigating these matters.
Tell us what happened. Tell us why you went down there. And then let's go to that video.
Well, yesterday, Bill Gates was here to unveil a new building that he helped donate to the University of Texas.
And he was giving a closed, very controlled, very secured speech to a bunch of computer science majors,
which was supposed to be about computer science, but actually it ended up being a lot of it was about vaccines and health care
and not really about computers at all, or just a side issue almost.
And it had been closed off for several weeks now, and there was a waiting list to even get in it to begin with.
But we were able to purchase a ticket from a student, and I was able to get in.
And I immediately noticed there was a microphone, so I decided to sit next to that because I figured, what the heck, I should try.
Somebody needs to ask him a real question.
And what have you been studying that makes you want to ask him a question?
You know, what do you think are the most important Bill Gates issues?
One of the first things I did when I started researching Bill Gates, one of the first things I found out was that
through his foundation and through the Gavi Alliance, they've been doing all these tests in developing nations that are hurting people.
They're killing people. And he's putting millions and millions of dollars into this.
And I even have a quote here that I'm going to read later, but people are wondering why is it that he's spending so much money on these vaccines,
millions and millions, hundreds of millions of dollars on these vaccines that are literally killing children in other countries.
Is it safe to say he has an obsession and might kind of have a mental health disorder over it?
After being in the room with him? Yeah, I'd say that's pretty safe to say.
But I decided to get up and ask him about that because no one ever seems to ask him about that.
Or when they've tried, he always evades the question. And I figured I have him. I'm going to ask.
Well, people in these third world countries are calling it genocide.
They're literally running in some cases from these shots.
In some cases, they're killing the people who are sending the vaccines.
Oh yeah, Pakistan, Nigeria and all these countries, they're actually killing them.
They're saying that they've said on record they think they're coming there to kill their children.
And Bill Gates cares so much about these vaccines, he won't even save the lives of the workers who are dispensing the vaccines by withdrawing those programs.
He just wants to continue them no matter what.
Yeah, he's just going to keep it going. He doesn't care. And it just keeps happening.
Well, are you ready to go to the video or do you want to set this up?
No, I think we're ready to go. I think it's going to stand for itself.
OK, our crew's been doing great work back there. Can you let me know? Are we ready to go to that video, gentlemen?
OK, let's go to that video right now. Bill Gates at University of Texas.
On a global basis, the United States is the envy of other countries because it is able to try out things, innovative and diverse things,
although at a very high failure rate, with enough of a success rate to really come up with big breakthroughs.
I'm Melissa Melton reporting for the Infowars Nightly News.
Multiple overseas media outlets have reported on the fact that polio vaccines linked
to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and his Gavi alliance have on record caused nearly 48000 children in India to suffer neurological damage and become permanently paralyzed.
Most recently, over 50 African children from Chad also began convulsing after receiving a Gates Foundation funded meningitis vaccine that specifically targets African people.
Those children, some as young as seven, have also subsequently become paralyzed.
Yesterday, Bill Gates appeared at a highly controlled speaking engagement to address computer science majors at his new Bill and Melinda Gates Computer Science Complex building on the University of Texas campus.
I was able to purchase a ticket from a student and attend the meeting, though no cameras or recording equipment were allowed inside the meeting.
Fellow reporter David Ortiz was able to capture a live stream being fed to an adjacent room when the floor got opened for questions.
I decided to ask Mr. Gates a real one.
We think about it in terms of what we're prioritizing is the tragic death of young people.
If you go back to about the time I was born, more than 20 million kids under five were dying every year.
Smallpox, measles, a variety of things.
By 1990, even though the number of children rolled because the population growth had gone up, that number had come down from over 20 million to about 12 million.
Because of the work that the Foundation has been at the center of, we now got that down from 12 million to less than 7 million.
The goal is to get it down to well under 3 million, by which time the disparity between what happens with poor children and what happens with rich children will have largely been eliminated.
Vaccines are about saving lives, improving lives.
There's no better tool that mankind's ever invented for absolutely those things.
And polio, the whole idea is to reduce to zero the number of kids who are being paralyzed.
And between now and 2018, if things go well, we expect that will become the second disease ever eradicated.
Smallpox, back in the 1970s, by 1979, that was certified as the very first and so far the only disease that has been eradicated.
So we're pretty close on polio.
But what it's about is every year having less and less kids who either die or are paralyzed.
Last year it was 232.
Not only did Bill Gates fail to directly answer my question, but let's review.
Mr. Gates' father was a known eugenicist and the head of Planned Parenthood.
He admits in this clip from a 2003 PBS interview with Bill Moyers that he likes to focus on population control.
The issue that really grabbed me as urgent were issues related to population, reproductive health.
But did you come to reproductive issues as an intellectual?
When I was growing up, my parents were always involved in various volunteer things.
My dad was head of Planned Parenthood.
And it was very controversial to be involved with that.
He went on to say, and maybe the most interesting thing I learned is this thing that's still surprising when I tell other people,
which is that as you improve health in a society, population growth goes down.
In the past, Mr. Gates has openly advocated withholding end-of-life care to the elderly and using those funds to instead hire more teachers.
And so the access that used to be available to the middle class or whatever is just rapidly going away.
That's a tradeoff society is making because of very, very high medical costs and a lack of willingness to say,
you know, is spending a million dollars on that last three months of life for that patient.
Okay, we are dealing with a technical issue there, but that is most of the report.
The entire report is, of course, going to be up on YouTube at the Alex Jones channel.
It will be on Infowars and it's going to premiere again tonight on the Infowars Nightly News.
And Melissa Melton, you've been working on another report as well, right?
Yeah, actually, I've been researching into the Rockefeller Foundation, their population council, the UNFPA, World Health Organization, USAID,
and how there's just this huge global conglomeration of corporations, organizations that are getting together to basically control population in other countries.
And I'm going to premiere it tonight, but it's about 15 minutes long.
And that kind of led me into some of the research on Bill Gates because he really is, as you said,
a continuation of the entire Rockefeller eugenics program.
And you said that he spoke about the Rockefeller Foundation at the speech.
Actually, yes, I wasn't able to get footage of that, but the question that was asked right before mine had to do with philanthropy.
And he went on for, I don't know, probably five minutes just lauding all the wonderful things that the Rockefellers have done for humanity and how awesome they are.
And he even threw the Carnegie's in there, too.
Now, this is what's key about the Bill Gates confrontation because he is so afraid that you're going to see through his literally paid propaganda claim of saving lives with vaccines and with GMOs,
that he has literally launched a task force to troll the Internet for what he calls disinformation about vaccines.
And they have a counter propaganda team that's supposed to go target and try to dissuade people away from, I guess, conspiracy websites that might be warning.
But what's even more incredible about the question you asked him, is vaccines linked to eugenics?
He acted like he didn't even know what the term eugenics was, and that is completely uncredible.
Bill Gates goes to the Bilderberg meetings, meets privately with David Rockefeller, and as I mentioned earlier, with Michael Bloomberg, with Ted Turner,
who's given money and set up a foundation at the United Nations for population control for eugenics.
And here's some of those headlines here, meeting of America's richest about quote, need, attendees says.
Mind you, that's the paid propaganda of ABC News, while the London Times has the headline that is more telling, billionaire club and bid to curb overpopulation.
But we have clips of Bill Gates talking about how his father was the head.
He was on the National Board for Planned Parenthood, which is not only abortion, but outright eugenics.
And I also have a Salon.com article from 1998, only about two years after he set up his Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and the foundations that preceded it.
Headline, is Bill Gates a closet liberal? And they detail how Bill Gates' father was involved in Planned Parenthood,
but furthermore, Bill Gates gave money to biotech investments, setting up a new building at the University of Washington.
He gave money to the Alan Guttmacher Institute, who is a former head of Planned Parenthood and deals with abortion and birth control research.
Gave money to the Department of Population Dynamics at Johns Hopkins.
Gave money to PATH, the Program for Appropriate Technology and Health, and on and on.
And they also talk about in the article, how he joins the ranks of people like Buffett, Turner and Rockefeller, who are explicitly into population control.
The article reads in part, whatever you call it, population control or family planning.
It's not just a billionaire fad for the Gates family. So he's deeply into this issue, is what I'm saying.
Well, that clip that I played at the very beginning of that report, where you hear his voice,
he actually says, philanthropy in the US has other countries beat because we're able to try out innovative things,
although with a very high failure rate, with enough of a success rate to come up with some big breakthroughs.
So he's trading, it's trading off this huge high failure rate, whatever that means for a few big breakthroughs.
Well, he believes the experts, those with money, those in control should set the agenda.
And again, under collectivism, under the Fabian Socialists, under the Bloomberg nanny state model should tell us how to behave,
and even how many children to have and even whether or not we get to live or die death panels.
There's a clip where he talks about death panels.
But we talk all the time about Bill Gates' father being head of Planned Parenthood.
People don't believe us because they can't read anymore.
We have that clip. Can you guys pull that up?
Is that clip ready of Bill Gates' father? Can we please play it?
This is Bill Gates in 2003 with Bill Moyers.
The issue that really grabbed me as urgent were issues related to population, reproductive health.
But did you come to reproductive issues as an intellectual?
When I was growing up, my parents were always involved in various volunteer things.
My dad was head of Planned Parenthood.
And it was very controversial to be involved with that.
Now, Planned Parenthood, again, abortion has been turned into a wedge issue,
but it's a form of genocide which has been targeted at specific ethnic neighborhoods, at people considered undesirable,
people who frankly don't have the wealth to protect themselves with bodyguards or otherwise as these billionaires do.
Well, on one hand you have people who say,
well, some of the people in poorer neighborhoods wouldn't have access to these kinds of health care for women.
But what we've actually seen is that back in the beginning of Planned Parenthood,
it was started by a known eugenicist, Margaret Sanger.
She's on record going to KKK meetings and talking about human waste in reference to poor people,
in reference to minority populations.
And even today, the majority of Planned Parenthoods are in high minority neighborhoods.
So that's where they are.
And we have MAFA 21 that exposes that in detail.
Of course, the Rockefellers funded Margaret Sanger from the beginning.
We'll be back at Infowars.com.
Stay tuned tonight.
Infowars Nightly News.
In the U.S., one in every 50 homes will have a break-in this year.
Burglars call it smash and grab.
Police call it robbery.
We call it avoidable.
We are Fake TV, a simple electronic device that can fool even professional burglars.
Fake TV easily plugs into any outlet and simulates the changing colors of a television.
To a burglar, it looks like someone must be home watching TV, so they'll likely move on to an easier target.
At only $34.95, Fake TV costs less than a month of most alarm monitoring plants.
And it's perfect if you're traveling or away from home.
Order your Fake TV by calling 877-5FAKETV or go to faketv.com.
That's 877-532-5388 or faketv.com.
Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
Don't throw away leftovers.
Instead, throw all your leftovers, vegetable peels, eggshells, coffee grounds, pizza crusts, and more into the Bokashi.
If you love to garden and compost but don't like the hassle of turning a compost bin or the smell,
then check out the EM Bokashi Food Waste Recycling System from Tereganics.
Finally, a way to recycle all your food and plant waste safely and effectively and stop using fertilizers.
The EM Bokashi Food Waste Recycling System.
Rather than decomposition, the Bokashi system uses fermentation to break down waste,
so it takes less time to create nutrient-dense humus for crops or gardens with no turning and no obnoxious odors.
To learn more and order your Bokashi online, visit Tereganics.com and click on the orange button.
That's Tereganics.com, spelled T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X.com or call 866-369-3678.
That's 866-369-3678.
Recycle all your food wastes in about six weeks with the Bokashi Food Waste Recycling System from Tereganics.com.
Tereganics. Life's getting better.
Order the Berkey Light System today, complete with two black Berkey Elements for only $231.
And the Berkey Guy will ship your order free of charge.
With the purchase of a Berkey Light, the Berkey Guy is also offering a set of fluoride and arsenic filters for only $39.99.
That's over 30% off the retail price.
Call the Berkey Guy at 1-877-886-3653.
That's 1-877-886-3653.
Or order online at GoBerkey.com.
That's GoBerkey.com today.
We're back at Infowars.com.
End of the show here, but we're going to go back to the rest of that report.
You have no idea how people are working around the clock to get clips working, to finish edits.
It's very stressful. We're trying to bring you the best news.
The reason Bill Gates, his foundation, the Rockefellers, are so important is just this whole system of collectivism,
where they tell us, under the New World Order, we're going to control you through technology, tell you what's best.
We're going to analyze things and make decisions on who lives and dies, what kind of food you can eat.
But we decide your freedom is gone.
Let's go back to that clip.
And he's also announced that the goal of vaccines is to reduce the population by 10 to 15 percent.
So let's look at each one of these and see how we can get this down to zero.
Probably one of these numbers is going to have to get pretty near to zero.
That's back from high school algebra.
But let's take a look.
First, we've got population.
The world today has 6.8 billion people.
That's headed up to about 9 billion.
Now, if we do a really great job on new vaccines, health care, reproductive health services, we could lower that by perhaps 10 or 15 percent.
So what does it matter if 48,000 children suffered permanent neurological damage and were paralyzed if it's in the name of philanthropy?
But the problem is these vaccines have actually been shown to cause the very diseases they're supposed to prevent.
Bill Gates is a billionaire technocrat obsessed with population control,
and the idea that vaccinating the world is doing, in his words, God's work.
But who's God and at what cost?
Trading lives for lives?
What kind of world is that?
When we devalue one human life, we devalue everyone's life.
For InfoWars Nightly News, I'm Melissa Melton.
The whole idea is to reduce to zero.
Probably one of these numbers is going to have to get pretty near to zero.
And that's the rest of the report again.
You'll see it again tonight on the InfoWars Nightly News up at YouTube.
Melissa Melton, you had a lot of points you wanted to make.
We didn't have time.
Well, I mean, it's just if I went into your house and I permanently brain damaged your child and paralyzed him forever, I would go to prison, and rightfully so.
This man can hide behind his cutesy organizations and initiatives with all of his billions of dollars and paralyze tens of thousands of children,
and it's fine.
Nothing happens.
It makes no sense.
And even if we see that vaccines are safe and effective and the most wonderful thing that's saving lives, like he says, even though obviously on record they are not.
But even if we did, how is pushing one old lady out in front of a bus to save the life of another old lady okay?
It's not.
It's rationing care and it's trying to do these trade-offs.
Well, you made all the points in your video.
Well, it's that.
And also, looking further into Bill Gates, this is just a few things I wanted to mention to our audience.
He's got a thing called Great Challenges, and he gives out money to different professors and scientists all across the country for different sets of initiatives that he wants them to fulfill.
And here's just a few of the things that I found in looking that he's funding right now.
Vaccinating fetuses, vaccines through rice, genetically engineered rice that has a vaccine in it.
Edible vaccines.
Nanoparticles, skin patches, mosquitoes.
There's actually a clip we have, we don't have time, but mosquitoes, he will release those on people without their knowledge, so that's wonderful.
Genetically engineered stomach bacteria, that's a vaccine platform for diarrhea vaccines.
Contraceptive vaccines that sterilize rats.
It goes on and on.
He funds all kinds of stuff.
We're out of time.
Re-broadcast.
Alex Jones ahead.
Paul Joseph Watson.
But make sure you watch the Info Wars Nightly News tonight.
Melissa Mountain hosting.
Stay tuned for rebroadcast.
Get the word out.
Ladies and gentlemen, save the republic.
