Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
It's February 11th, 2013, on this Monday Worldwide Transmission. I am your host, Alex Jones.
Thank you so much for joining us today. The news websites are infowars.com, prisonplanet.com,
and streaming video at prisonplanet.tv. Wow, it has been said that much is afoot, and that
is certainly the case today. We have a supermassive transmission lined up for you. Holland Vander
Neuenhof, filmmaker, researcher, former Marine, one of the filmmakers and researchers in A
Noble Lie that I appear in, exposing the inside job that was Oklahoma City, 1995. He's gonna
be joining us in the third hour, giving us his breakdown on false flag terror attacks
and the attempts to start a civil war in this country, and how that ties into the mass shootings
and the reported killing spree by the maniac former police officer there in Southern California.
That is all coming up today. Now, when we come back from break, I want to launch into
the general news stuff like Federal Employees Union had Obama pay raise proposal simply
not enough. As even CNBC reports, there are payroll taxes hitting people making $30,000
and up and it's causing a firestorm.
And I knew this would happen when Obamacare went in. That's only one of many taxes. It's
just one that people can see. The others are hidden up the chain. And it's designed to
shut the economy off. And I'm gonna tie that in to the news that I wanted to get to yesterday
but didn't.
There's even more today on it. So we're gonna cover it at the bottom of the hour in great
detail. US citizens brace for austerity impact. China eclipses US's biggest trading nation
measured in goods. I wanna break down how this has been done by design. Cuz it'd be
great if China was a trading partner and became a free country and they got built up and we
got built up.
But this is all one sided, not even for the Chinese people. And I wanna break down what
globalism and agenda 21 is going to look like under this system. And that video that we
posted on infowars.com, World Banker drops bombshell with James Wolfdinson. And we're
gonna be going over that today.
Because knowing that it's engineered means we can stop it. Cuz the very people who are
carrying all of this out love, absolutely love to sit up there and act like, they're
gonna help us try to not be completely poor. But yes, get ready for the end of the middle
class.
It's just something that has to happen, but it's for the greater good. And don't worry
if we do everything they say, there'll be a future in the new economy. Just like there
would be under the new service economy they told us about in the mid 90s. And then now,
of course, that did materialize.
And then, naphton gat's gonna be great. And then, the new green economy designed to bankrupt
Spain, Portugal, Greece and others, now bankrupting us. Not a green economy, but a fascist, eugenics
based economy, socialist and communist on the surface. But when you get to the core
of it, corporate, fascist, eugenics, anti-human based. And if people don't get the real political
and socioeconomic and cultural and societal names and touchstones, the population can't
figure out how the world really works.
It's very elementary, it's historical, it's factual, it's overwhelming how in our face
it is. But people still buy into the fake spectrum of left right. And there is some
reality in left right because that's part of the inner control debate. But the choices
are very limited. And the real differences are rhetorical in rhetoric, not in actual
policy.
So we're gonna be looking at the way out of this today, how to defeat this. The Pope has
announced he's going to resign first time in 600 years. That's happened, as I said,
a lot is afoot. Stay with us.
Introducing Pro One, all of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at Infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom
lovers. The prognosis for the entire planetary economic system runs from bad to worse. The
globalist model is to shut down societies and starve patriots out until they acquiesce
to the global takeover. That's why we've assembled the most vital and important preparedness
items at infowarshop.com. These are items that I did research on that I personally use.
You've got the life straw so you can turn fetid water into safe water anywhere you go.
The Ktor hand crank generator to charge up key equipment during power outages or out
in the field. Strategic relocation third edition by Joel Skousen. When disaster strikes by
Matthew Stein. TheraSafe used by Homeland Security to protect yourself during any radiological
event. Hand crank shortwave AM FM radios. Everything that we've researched and found
to be the best is available at infowarshop.com and your purchase makes our info war possible.
We're getting prepared. Are you? Infowarshop.com. We now take you live to the Central Texas
command center in the heart of the resistance. You're listening to the Alex Jones show. It
is February 11th, 2013 on this Monday edition. Thank you for joining us. You have found at
the tip of the spear in the fight worldwide to awaken humanity to the growing technocratic
oppressive scientific tyranny that we face. And knowing how much trouble we're in is half
the battle so that people realize that we're in a crisis and realize it's orchestrated.
That's the good news. There is a way out of this. There is a way out of this. Now obviously
today we're going to talk about Pope Benedict to resign at month's end. What's really behind
that, all the scandals at the Vatican, but that's not really our top story. We're going
to get into anxiety grows as thousands remain stranded in the dark after the huge storm
Nemo.
We are also going to be looking at the fact that with storm Nemo, Nemo, Nemo, tomato,
tomato with storm Nemo that just like with Sandy, FEMA Canton won't help people and puts
out signs saying, sorry, closed this week for the storm. It is the height of hypocrisy
and bizarreness. We're going to be looking obviously at the situation with growing support
for former LA officer accused in killing spree, extremely bizarre that Christopher Dorner,
the alleged person doing this is getting massive support.
And even mainstream media is saying, well, maybe we should turn our guns in and yeah,
the police are bad. He's striking back against evil people. What shooting a cop and his girlfriend
and then calling up and teasing the police captain. If you believe any of this, it could
be a sign up, but a lot of evidence points towards it being one of the system's killers
going haywire because he got kicked out of the cult.
We're gonna be breaking all of this and more down today and the use of drones and how that's
all being rolled out new cybersecurity legislation that brings in Chinese style net censorship.
That's even against CNET saying that not Alex Jones. I mean, this is this is so draconian
that even globalist media admits it's draconian and we're gonna look at the economy at the
bottom of the hour.
This is the top story and there's no doubt the program, the plan that they have for our
society. One of the most important articles we've put out in recent memory is now up at
prisonplanet.com and its sister news site, infowars.com. And I recommend you get this
out to people because if we expose the globalist program and people understand this is premeditated,
organized, engineered, we have a really good chance of turning this around.
And that is why the banking elite want riots in America, Civil War II, the economic imperative
for mass social unrest. And the article goes through how the globalist plan to engineer
this in their own words and how it's been done in Europe, Latin America, Asia, Africa,
and is now going to be carried out in the United States.
This has been done four times since the 1960s in Mexico. This is an exact program and plan
to impoverish you. And we're going to be going over all of this today and tying it into CNBC,
US citizens' brace for austerity impact. EU leaders strike deal on long term austerity
budget. Your taxes are raised, your pay is cut. You're told it's your debt when 90 plus
percent of it is derivatives, your criminal government run by the six mega banks assigned
on to.
In address, president will focus on middle class. It's like if someone was in freezing
cold water in the North Atlantic and they come up to a boat or trying to go up the ladder
and somebody's pushing their head out of the water going, let me help you again. Let me.
But you still struggle and grab their arms. They pull a hammer out and whack it in your
head, blood sprays, and they go, I'm helping him. I'm helping. Or like if you were smothering
a small child with a pillow.
Somebody walks in, what are you doing? I'm helping him go to sleep forever. I mean, it's
so sick. In address, president will focus on the middle class. Just like the healthcare
was gonna give you free health care, raises taxes on every worker in America, their payroll.
That's just one of over 14 taxes in it.
Makes me sick. See, I've learned to do a fake laugh because I do a sick laugh that keeps
me from raging. And so that's why I do that, folks. That is a steam valve. That is a steam
valve, okay?
Because for my health, I cannot get angry. And a lot of people say, hey, the public's
that dumb, let them. That argument is just really screwed up. Well, the public's dumb,
let them be slaves. And that's always said by people that know the scam and don't wanna
admit they're being screwed as well.
Less than 1% of people stand to gain from this, okay? You talk about the upper 2%, it's
the top 10th of 1%. And then there's a tiny, there's less than 20 families. 20 families,
let's say 1,000 people, roughly. That's what Rothkopf estimates, about 1,000 owners, 6,000
super gophers, the head of the Kissinger Group for the Council on Foreign Relations.
Also put in his book, Superclass, but one of their own internal reports. What is 1,000
divided into 7.5 billion? What's the percentage on that, guys? Do that for me in a calculator.
1,000 divided into 7.5 billion, roughly the Earth's population.
Okay, so they're going to the unwashed masses who would sell their souls for professional
wrestling and monster trucks. Hey, I like monster trucks and professional wrestling.
It's a lot of fun, but it's not real. Well, the monster trucks are. Those things do double
backflips now, have you seen that? I actually went to a monster truck deal this weekend,
it was pretty fun, but side issue.
I wanna go to one of the big tracks so they can really get going fast cuz it was in the
Travis County Convention Center and they really couldn't get going. It wasn't what I'd seen
online. It was still okay, but it wasn't like double backflips and stuff and people dying.
It's pretty gladiatorial, actually, those guys get really hurt doing it. Sorry, folks,
I'm digressing here.
We're gonna be breaking all this down at the bottom of the hour. Subprime is back, will
this end badly? Why do they mail credit cards to poor people, but not to people that are
doing well? If you're poor, you get credit cards weekly in the mail, if you're not, you
don't get credit cards in the mail.
Why is that? Because it's all just fiat made up, they want you as a debt slave. Subprime
is back, will this end badly? Well, no, it'll end in tens of trillions more than bailed
out by the taxpayers, that's how it works.
Third payroll tax pinches those who earned the least. Jack Andrews and his wife get to
go out one time a month to have a nice dinner, one time a month. And now because of the payroll
tax, taking $30 out of her paycheck, she makes 22,000 a year, and I guess he makes what 40.
And so that's $800 less a year, they're gonna get the rich guys. Yeah, the rich guys run
things, suckers, suckers. And again, Obama wasn't even elected, they ran a dead political
candidate against him.
He staged the whole thing, he stood down, he put out libertarian conservative rhetoric
just so he could be defeated in the mock fight and discredited. And we could have a mandate
for world government and socialism and crony capitalism, a total hoax. Congress has a 9%
approval rating, but you're hearing, hey, there's a mandate to end the family.
There's a mandate to teach the Boy Scouts how to have gay sex when they're five years
old, the Cub Scouts and people. Whether you are a liberal or a conservative when it comes
to sexual stuff, they try to get us obsessed over all day as a political football distraction.
No children should be taught anything sexual, period, period. And this is all part of the
pedophile state wanting to destroy our youth. But again, I digress. Restored payroll tax
pinches those who earn the leash.
I told you a couple years ago that was in the Obama bill. It's like, be quiet conspiracy
theorists, there are no death panels. Really, Tom Daschle, who helped write it off of what
the insurance companies wrote for Romney to get through in Massachusetts, said there were
death panels.
Well, they were in there. It's federal panels, they don't call them that, but they decide
what type of care you get. And then they now say, yeah, we're gonna kill people. So again,
write about that, and write about a payroll tax increase for everybody. Depending on how
the actuaries and the government breakdown works, I was saying 30,000, it turns out you
can make $22,000 a year.
But then they added into what your spouse makes 60,000, 40 and 20, 60,000. So you're
putting 60,000 together, and they go, okay, we're gonna raise both your payroll taxes.
I mean, this is so sick. This is so sick. And it hurts me. It hurts me that the globalists
have unlimited fiat money. They put 85 billion into a black hole just to burn it up, just
to hurt the economy, just to shut things down to make their fiat worth more.
They've got to destroy capital to make their capital worth more, you see. And it's even
more complex than that. And to know that they're taking money out of people that are living
hand to mouth, so they can put 85 billion into a literal digital incinerator. And it's
all funny, and they all write white papers and IMF and World Bank plans.
It's linked in Paul Watson's article today that I helped write. It's Paul Watson, Alex
Jones' article, technically. The point is, is that you sit here and you know it and you
know, watch it. And the Obama people, four years ago, they voted for him and it felt
real good.
Cuz McCain, again, was another establishment guy. That's how they fixed the whole deal.
And they kinda, ooh, we're gonna be rich, ooh, everything's gonna turn around, ooh,
you lost. And I'm like, no, no, they're both New World Order, you're gonna be gamed, you're
gonna be scammed. And then they figured out they didn't get free goodies and life got
worse.
So they kinda were getting down on Obama. But in the rah-rah left versus right Republican
Democrat, they're still by about 25% of the population that voted for Obama. Cuz you got
about half the population that voted, about a little more than half of them reportedly
voted for Obama. So 27, 30%, depending on how you look at it, let's just round up.
30% of the country votes for Obama. And they're walking around still, even as their payroll
tax goes up, just going, look, I'm a winner now, in a euphoria of suckers. A euphoria
like somebody that gets a letter saying you just won a million dollar sweepstakes just
fill this out and send it in.
They don't read the five page contract that says that if they're chosen they win it. And
they're just like, no, I'm a millionaire. You're like, no, you're not. It's the same
thing with the Nigerian emails.
Looking back on 2012, I know personally I'm thanking God that my family and I made it
through the year. From natural disasters like Hurricane Sandy and the devastating summer
drought to the family hardships brought on by a disastrous economy.
Our hearts go out to those that have lost everything. My friends at eFoods Direct hear
from customers every day that are fortunate to weather life's storm by having a supply
of food on hand. Danny from New York City wrote in following Hurricane Sandy and said,
almost all the grocery stores are closed, but I managed to get my eFoods just in time
to be able to help my sister and my niece.
Bottom line, it's better to be prepared 10 years too early than one day too late. Heed
common senses warning and do what I've done. Call 800-409-5633 today or go to eFoodsDirect.com
forward slash Alex. They have the best tasting long-term storable food on the planet. Call
800-409-5633 and ask about the Alex Jones special or go to eFoodsDirect.com forward
slash Alex. Get self-sufficient today. Call 800-409-5633 or eFoodsDirect.com forward slash
Alex.
Is your immune system under siege? Allergies and crippling immune diseases are on the rise.
Vaccines, radiation and GMOs lead the charge against your health. Fortunately, health conscious
consumers are enlisting the help of RNA drops. RNA drops turn on the signals and switches
in virtually every cell of your body to activate what science calls your junk DNA. RNA drops
provide you with the ammunition you need to win the war on disease, pain, depression and
decline. Hear hours of testimonials from people just like you at RNAFreeSample.com. That's
RNAFreeSample.com and order a free one month supply of RNA drops. Pay only shipping and
handling at RNAFreeSample.com or call toll free 888-577-3703. That's 888-577-3703 or
visit RNAFreeSample.com.
HempUSA.org has a revolutionary wonder food for detoxing the body and rebuilding the immune
system. Micro plant powder can help unclog arteries and soften heart valves while removing
heavy metals, virus, fungus, bacteria and parasites. Plus it cleans and purifies the
blood, lungs, stomach and colon. Keep your body clean with micro plant powder. Visit
us at HempUSA.org or call 908-691-2608 today.
1-800-686-2237. Secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
Is this the year you finally get serious about your family's drinking water? If so, keep
listening for a special offer from Big Berkey Water Filters. Did you know that over 60%
of municipal water is fluoridated? Berkey water filters distinguish themselves from
many other filtration systems with the capability to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine,
fluoride, arsenic and disinfection byproducts from municipal water via the black Berkey
and PF line of filters. Then there's affordability. At only 1.7 cents per gallon, Berkey water
filters purify treated and untreated water, even stagnant pond water. Stop and think how
much money you could save by simply reducing buying bottled water and using water filtered
by your Berkey water filter. No need to be constantly replacing expensive filters with
a Berkey. A single set of filters can last for 5 to 10 years. Choose the best size Berkey
for your needs at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com. And right now, all GCN listeners get 5% off
all ceramic filter systems. Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY. That's 877-99-BER-KEY or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
Free shipping on every order over $50. Big Berkey Water Filters, for the love of clean
water. The Genesis Communications Radio Network proudly
presents the Alex Jones Show, because there's a war on for your mind. Alright, here's some
of the headlines up at Infowars.com. I just mentioned the top headline, LinkedIn Red.
Why the banking elite want riots in America. The plan for Civil War 2 becomes clearer and
clearer with Obama as Lincoln, our savior. Congress prepares to kill the Sixth Amendment
with secret drone court. Ah, secret drone court to kill you. Man sues TSA for 5 million
following peanut butter arrest. They thought the oil on the top of the peanut butter was
a terror bomb. When you find Al-Qaeda working for the globalist in Libya and Syria running
things, you wouldn't find them actually in the peanut butter there. But it's all about
how we're the suspects and bad. Twitter explodes with fears of armed drone strikes targeting
Tris Dorner. Yeah, they're not worried about America becoming a police state New World
Order with the government judge, jury and executioner run by foreign banks. They're
worried about their precious Chris Dorner. In fact, I'm getting criticism that A, this
is a stage government event and I should just out of hand say it staged. And B, no, Chris
Dorner is a hero. Yeah, I mean, if he's behind this, which a lot of evidence points towards
it, then yeah, killing people that you don't even know or shooting people's daughters just
to get at them. That's real classy, that's real classy.
And of course, he's an anti-gun guy and an Obama supporter who thinks only the government
should have the guns. See, I have guns to protect myself from people like him. So just
absolutely amazing. Twitter explodes with fears of armed drones strikes targeting Chris
Dorner. That's just some of what we've got.
Argentina's regime leader freezes food prices, pushes the country towards food shortages
and riots. We're gonna be getting into the economy and more. Here's what I'm gonna do.
You know what? I wanna go to your phone calls and then at the second segment like eight
after next hour, we're gonna change that clock soon back to the regular clock.
It was my cockamamie thing 14, 15 years ago, not liking the news that stations were putting
out to just do a five minute segment, have a three minute break and come in at eight
after. And we gotta work it out with all the affiliates, but I'm sure they're gonna like
it.
In the next few months, we're gonna go to the same clock we've got, except we're gonna
come out at six after. And then I'll still do a little three minute segment there if
stations want it, but that way we can adjust the clocks. We've had a lot of requests to
do that and I'll be honest with you, I'm planning a lot of other things down the road like radio
news 24 seven.
But that's after we launched the TV show on the satellite and the rest of it the next
few months. So we're definitely busting our hind ends around here. That's why you've been
seeing the nightly news live, not as heavily produced, because we can do it quicker and
easier but also more up to date when it's live.
It will be generally taped to air an hour before it goes live once we're officially
putting it out at seven o'clock central. So by the way, be part of this revolution against
tyranny. If you're not a subscriber to info wars news.com or prisonplanet.tv as it's been
for 10 years, then you need to go there.
One membership 595 a month is really 11 memberships, your membership and 10 others. And you just
create a unique username and passcode and then share that with friends and family. In
fact, I think you can share it with about 20, 30 people, cuz the chances of all 30 of
them tuning in every night at seven o'clock are slim to none.
And if you do tune in and you can't log on because more than 11 people logged on, just
get another membership. It's 595 a month, it's paying for the bandwidth. My goal is
to reach people. And we get censored on the YouTube, AM and FM's come and go, all this
stuff happens.
This is our platform with all my films, my book, Paul Watson's book, the expanded extras,
the rant section. And the site just gets better and better. I think it will, was it nine or
ten years in April? I can't remember, I gotta call Paul Watson, he knows. The point is there's
17 years of material up there on the site, but it's been around I guess since what, 2002,
so do the math.
But it's all there, ladies and gentlemen, prisonplanet.tv. Go there and you're signing
up, funds our operation. We're not funded by George Soros, we're not funded by taxpayer
money, we're not funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation like NPR. We are supported
by people like you.
You can also watch the live radio show, not just listen to it. Get the commercial free
podcast, all of it, prisonplanet.tv, prisonplanet.tv. Go there, takes about a minute to sign up,
PayPal, credit card, whatever. You can also write to us and we'll create a username pass
code for you for the year membership or the monthly membership and mail it back to you.
There's a bunch of programs there. You can still get a year membership and get 5.3 months
free. You pay for 6.7, that's what it comes out to, on the yearly membership and get 5.3
months free and it supports the transmission.
We're successful because you decided to back us and support us. If you're a passive listener
out there, the bare minimum is to get a membership username passcode, create a simple username
passcode, put it on 20, 30, 40 cards and give it to people. Here's the username passcode
so that they can go in there and so they can log in and so they can use the system. We'll
be right back.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus can inflict severe
damage in the human body. Fortunately, a new and vastly improved silver solution has been
developed. Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary broad spectrum antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal
solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin. Supernatural Silver
is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers using a patented technology that is
highly effective against coals, flus, infections, food poisoning and yeast. In addition to many
other pathogens, Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe and is the number
one choice of thousands of people for immune system support. Find out how Supernatural
Silver could change your life. Go to supernaturalsilver.com and use the promo code healthy for 20% off.
Visit supernaturalsilver.com and like us on Facebook.
Tyranny is here. The grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality. It really says
that the state is God. The United States is now recognized globally as one of the most
impressive police states on earth. This film conclusively proves the existence of a secret
network of FEMA camps now being expanded nationwide. This documentary exposes how the continuity
of government program has established an all powerful shadow state. Police state four chronicles
the sickening depth to which our republic has fallen. Prepare to enter the secretive
world of emergency dictatorship, body scammers, sound cannons, citizen spies, stage terror
and cameras on every street corner. It's only the beginning of the new world order's hellish
plan. The police state isn't coming. It's here. Secure your copy today at info wars
dot com or see it online in the highest quality at prison planet dot tv. Introducing pro wine,
all of your filtration in one system portable on the go. No more do you have two or three
filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride
and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing technology combined silver impregnated
white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy
metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does it and out of the gates
we have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is the only system that in
one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine
hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride
filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your pro pure with the new pro one filters
today at info war store dot com or by calling 888-253-3139. Crashing through the lies and
disinformation it is Alex Jones on the GCN radio network. Waging war on corruption, crashing
through the lies and disinformation. I am Alex Jones your host and I have a love of
liberty beating in my heart. I don't want to be a slave, but I'll be honest with you.
I would not be fighting as hard if we just had an old fashioned corruption where some
corrupt interests wanted to run things but weren't so incredibly predatory. They are
engaging in an organized economy designed to impoverish us and that's not even a tool
of their end game. Okay, that's just to get us to the end game. They want us poor under
their control so they can then carry out the orderly eugenics operations.
You want to know the mindset of the globalist. I've watched 12 monkeys with Brad Pitt and
Bruce Willis last night with my wife. And when you see the top by biologists slash biochemist
in there working on zoological viruses in one of his lab techs, who is a eugenicist
gets the weapon and goes and basically releases it and kills 99% of the world population.
You have to understand movies like that are based on what they're really planning. In
the film, a PETA type person works in a bio weapons lab, a bio research lab, a genetics
lab and gets a virus that kills all the humans that comes in contact with.
There are different poxes out there that have been manipulated in their genetic RNA to kill
over 90%. I'm being conservative there. Some of these mousepox reportedly kill about 98%
of the humans they come in contact with in animal studies. They can design it for whatever
mammal they want. It's called a mousepox. But they can design it for whatever mammal
they want in a small laboratory with a couple $100,000 with a proper biologist, virologist
can develop this.
And it's been published by Australian universities, by US universities and by European universities.
And to the FBI's credit a few years ago, they tried to block the publishing of this information.
And the argument is no, publish it so researchers can find cures for it. You need to understand
something, they want this stuff to just get out on its own so they can claim plausible
deniability.
They're building level four bio weapons labs all over the United States in the middle of
major cities. And I want you to understand that it's not, Alex, you saw a movie and you're
crazy. I literally on the bookshelves at this office have over 100 books written by the
globalist where they've said they're going to develop super viruses and kill 90% of us
at least.
The UN numbers are 80%. When you get higher up reports, it's 90% and you get into deeper
reports, they debate whether all humans should be killed period. And it is the ultimate power
tripping behavior. And when we start the next hour, I'm going to get into how they wanna
bring an economic collapse, the new world they're going to set up after that, and how
we can stop them.
But you need to understand we've got a shot at beating them. Since I've been covering
this the last 15 years since I really woke up to the eugenics, I have seen this go from
almost no one knowing it, no one being aware of it. Except for those involved in it and
the technocratic class and their wanna be followers to 20, 30% of people being aware
of the program.
And now if we just educate one more person and then they educate one more person, that's
90%. And then as the globalists try to implement all this, they're going to have problems.
They're gonna have serious problems. We've got a chance to beat this. We've got a very
good chance to beat this. But it's going to take people realizing that you know what,
Alex Jones was right, we better go look at his films.
We better go listen to his show. We better go check the claims he's making. What is the
endgame.com is a good place to start. Online bibliography for my film, Endgame Blueprint
for Global Enslavement. They Want You Dead is the tagline for the film. For the new world
order, world government is just the beginning.
Once their planetary regime is in place, the orderly experimentation of at least 80% of
the population is the prime, prime directive. In fact, we've been trying to do the math
of 7.5 billion divided by 1000 people and it's something like 0.0000004, but they're
still in there crunching it.
But we'll try to get you those actual numbers. So they talk about the 2%. The elite want
the general public to rob the 99.9% of the 2% the nouveau riche because the globalists
have trouble controlling new wealth and where it goes and new ideas show that it is that
0.0000. Okay, so it's 0.733333331333. Okay, we'll get it all written up and show me how
you did it.
Thank you and then we'll, cuz earlier it was coming out to a basic 000004 but you said
no, that's not exactly right. Let me check it. And so why don't you write up if you can
CJ, cuz you're decent at math better than I am. Write up how you came up with the equation,
show the site where you did it.
The point is there's 1000 members of the less than 20 families, that's a high number. There's
6000 super gophers, this is the Kissinger group's own analysis. This is their analysis
of themselves in the book Superclass. And so there's 1000 people who've mainly gotten
their wealth out of monopolies and military force and tyranny. And they're archenemies
of independence and they think the world is theirs.
And they're eugenicist and they got where they are cuz they're psychopaths and they
have a hatred of humanity. And they're planning on dropping the hammer and look, I know modern
society is ugly. I know there's a lot of ugliness and a lot of lethargy and patheticness and
the public's being soft killed and doesn't even care. Listen, I care and I don't like
who these elitists are.
I mean, you certainly are uglier than the public. I mean, I'll say that. You're wicked,
you're physically more ugly, you act horrible, you aggressively attack beautiful smart people
cuz you're threatened by it. It'd be bad enough if they were gonna kill everybody except the
really intelligent and beautiful. I would be against that. But the globalist hate the
smart and intelligent and good looking and dynamic, okay?
Because they are twisted, they're like cancer. They're in power because they don't have empathy
and don't care and are willing to be in power. And they think that gives them a right to
total power. Well, I say, and I've seen the evidence and the history of it, you people,
if anybody needs to die, it needs to be you.
If anybody needs to die, it's you, okay? You want us dead, you go first. I gotta lay down
and die so you and yours can have the whole future and all of it. You're gonna get a fight.
You're gonna get a fight. And listen, the transmission has been issued. You think you're
gonna put neural reprogramming nanotech viruses in the vaccines that go in and attack the
cortex and make people emotionless zombies?
You think that's gonna work on everybody? You think you're not going to end up being
infected by that? You are going to destroy yourselves and you might destroy us with you.
Stop now, stop now, stop now, stop now. I'm gonna give the number out and take some calls
right now.
Then I'll get into the economy and I'll get into the gun grabbing and the reported Obama
supporter now calling up and taunting people whose daughters they've killed. It just shows
why we have guns to protect ourselves from crazy people in government like this individual
Chris Dorner, who's now being praised by the left.
Cuz they're not leftists, they're eugenicist, death loving, sicko control freaks. They're
gibbering nobodies who absolutely, have you ever been around an authoritarian liberal
and you look good, your wife looks good, your kids look good, you look healthy, you're happy.
They get upset by that, you see, they get upset by that. And they're the people that
get upset by success.
They're the people that don't like the fact you're successful. They're the people that
don't like the fact that you're happy. They're the people that tell us we're all screwed
up because they want to make us like they are. Listen, I'm not screwed up, you understand
that? I enjoy my life, you understand that?
Only thing I don't enjoy is having to look at what you're doing. I mean, I see this kaleidoscope
of beauty and magic and wonderment all around me. And then I see you, there's this big ocean,
this delicious kaleidoscope ocean to swim in of reality. And then I see you floating
by big, ugly, disgusting turds.
And I just don't like you. And so I wanna tell you, I've seen who's ugly, I've seen
who's got the, I mean, your spirit's ugly. And no amount of jet copters and palaces on
top mountains, and no amount of all the weird stuff you're into is gonna ever make you not
be what you are.
Of your father, the stinking loser black snake of the New World Order, okay? I just wanna
get that through your head. I wanna get that through your head. I want you to translate
that right through to your soul and understand you're a loser. You are a loser from the foundation
of the Earth.
You are a failure. I want you to understand, I want you to know I see you. I see you and
I'm not afraid of you. And I know you don't like that. Because I realize this whole planet
and everything in it is only a testing grid, a game board to where we can have our free
will tested.
And I know what matters is my heart, not the Pharisees arguing over who the real Jesus
is and you're not right and this person's not right. I know my heart's right. I know
I love liberty and good and decency and honor and I want the innocent to be able to succeed
and I love innocence.
And I know because my heart is going in the right direction that we are going to have
a better future if we believe it and take that promise in our hands. And enough preaching,
the toll free number to join us, the toll free number to join us for first time callers
800-259-9231.
Hey, again, after I take some phone calls, when I start the next hour, I will get into
the incredible, undeniable, it's terrible to know I've been right, with all the writing
on the wall. Now it's like you hear a noise off the distance, is that a train blowing
its whistle 20 miles away and then five minutes later you hear it again, sounds a little bit
closer.
Yeah, I think that's a train. You hear it the next time, that's a train for sure. Now
you see it's light up ahead, it's two miles away. Now it's coming up to your stop blowing
the whistle. Well, death and hell rides on that train and now it's coming to our stop.
There's no doubt I was right about the train coming. I heard it a long way off because
I'd studied history and I knew the signs.
Let me tell you, when you go to an urban warfare drill and you watch Marines training to kill
people wearing overalls and John Deere hats, screaming, I'm an American, I have a right
to a Second Amendment, and the Marines practice killing them. You know you're in deep trouble
and you come and warn everybody you can and the media says, that's fake video.
Then you know you're in deep trouble and you get video of Boy Scouts training to tell the
Army and the Marines what's in mommy and daddy's house. I told you about that in 1998, showed
you video, Hebron, Maryland, other areas. Now you can read the New York Times and read
about Boy Scouts training for gun confiscation.
It's like Paul Craig Roberts wrote last week, it happened here. People say it can't happen
here, can't happen in America, it happened, it happened. We're already in deep, deep,
deep trouble, folks. 800-25-99231, I'll get into the economy, I'll get into the latest
on the shooter as it breaks.
I'll get into the Pope and I'll get into the federal employees getting their raises and
Israel strikes in Syria might be first in Syria. Just hope for our safety, we're gonna
bomb you cuz the rebels might get weapons, the rebels our government put in there. I
mean, totally immoral, people go, well, hey, that's how you win.
You're not part of the winning team, you're not part of the New World Order. Hey, we're
gonna get the oil. Yeah, the mega banks are gonna shut off the oil in Iraq and jack up
the prices. See, you think of getting oil like you go and rob them and get their oil
and you get cheaper oil.
You get cheaper oil after the Iraq war? No, you got more expensive. See, you're not on
the team, you can fantasize you're on the team. If you're a bureaucrat, a cop, FBI,
school teacher, whatever. If you're not bucking the system, you're a fool and a chump. You
like being a chump? Okay, great. You understand, you're not on the winning team with the New
World Order.
And even if you were in the inner circle, the 0.00000133333, you've conned yourself
as well. You think this cold blooded system is gonna give you final immortality in the
cybernetic interfaces? You think you're going to ascend to the stars? I guarantee you, the
creator of the universe is going to be standing blocking your way.
When it was all there waiting for you to begin with in your spirit, you had everything right
there always ready for you. But you were of your father, the devil who comes to kill,
steal and destroy. The devil can be an angel of light. Quoting scripture, it can be a great
black serpent or a red dragon. But the devil kills, the devil destroys, the devil deceives
because the devil is throwing a temper tantrum.
The devil is a cancer in the matrix of creation. The devil does not eliminate. The devil says
he eliminates, God eliminates. The devil has taken all of God's symbols and counterfeited
them for you can't even recognize God's symbols. You think the devil's God because he's masquerading
as God. The devil is never a maker.
The less that you give, you're a taker. Let's go ahead and take some phone calls here. Mike
Ian, Oregon, you're on the air. Welcome. Yeah, what's up, Alex? Worldwide broadcast, my friend.
How's it going, brother? Pretty good. What's your point?
I was watching your documentary America Destroyed by Design and I had actually shed some light
on the subject. Me and my grandparents and a part of our family owned some beautiful
property out in Eastern Oregon. And we went out there to do some restoration and we caught
the Forest Service moving the property stakes to just butcher up property, cut down trees,
do whatever.
And when we took them to court, they basically laughed at us and told us they're just going
to wait till my grandma basically died or sucked their drive, all our savings. And then
they were going to take the property anyways. No, they by and large hire people who don't
want you there. I told people this in that film 15 years ago, and now they're saying
can't swim on these East Coast beaches for the earth. Can't go now. First can't drive
now can't walk into the areas.
And they're grabbing buffer zones. I've seen in federal court in Denver where they took
people's family property under admiralty. You're absolutely right, Mike. You had a point
on Chris Dorner, the Chris Dorner thing. I thought that that was they're making him a
celebrity. But people like Terrence Yankee, who's a real hero, they don't want to promote
or do anything about that. That's one of the greatest unsolved murder mysteries of our
time. That's right. A black police officer cop of the year saved a bunch of people in
Oklahoma City murdered by the feds because he knew they planted bombs in the building.
Now there's an amazing new natural antibiotic every person must have. It's cells alive silver
solution and it destroys over 650 hard to kill viruses, fungus, bacteria and much more.
Cells alive silver solution has no expiration date is great for emergency kits and storage
shelters and comes in eight or 16 ounce bottles. Order today at 888-310-4367 or visit hempusa.org.
hempusa.org 100% chemical free superfoods and unique health products. Hi, this is Ted
Anderson. Have you ever wondered why banks, stock workers, investment advisors won't talk
about gold IRAs? They've been available since 1986 yet the financial industry won't recognize
the value of gold for your retirement. Gold is outperformed paper investments yet no word
about IRAs. If you would like to have gold for your retirement call 800-686-2237. Don't
get left behind by rising inflation and low returns call 800-686-2237. Secure your future
and call 1-800-686-2237.
Fall in love with food storage savings this February at BePrepared.com. Going on now BePrepared.com
saves you over $300 with a premium 1600 one year supply including 126 cans of freeze dried
and dehydrated food. Or get the new gourmet 14 day food supply with a full 2000 calories
per day with pre-planned menu. Stroganoff and noodles are 20% off with purchase of six
or more. Mountain House pork chops are back in stock at 34% off. Pack your own low moisture
foods with our new do it yourself super pale combo on sale at 22% off. Add to your preparedness
with minor surgery kits at 15% off. And wool blended blankets are only $11.89. The February
fall in love with savings sale ends February 28th at BePrepared.com. For contents and details
visit BePrepared.com or call 800-999-1863. The choice is clear. Be unprepared or BePrepared.com.
Hello this is Ty Bollinger, author of the best selling book Cancer Step Outside the
Box. I want you to know some very important information. In 1985 President Ronald Reagan
requested that Carnivora be sent directly to the White House at a time when only the
President could obtain this world class healer. Now 27 years later Carnivora capsules are
used around the world to keep people healthy. Now you can protect yourself and your loved
ones in this age of super bugs with 17 naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond
to abnormal cells only without harming a single normal cell. If you want to stay healthy now
is your chance to literally wake up your critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders that
don't belong in your body. Call 1-866-VenusFly or order from Carnivora.com that's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A.com
that's 1-866-836-8735 1-866-VenusFly or visit Carnivora.com. Protect your immune system
it's the only one you've got.
You can look at the look and the eyes of many of these government bureaucrats. You can see
the ridiculous power trips they're on. But all it is is they're putting on the office
of the corrupt government. You know there's a viral video of a young lady flipping off
the judge and acting totally stupid and everybody gets off on looking at how dumbed down she
is. I'm going to play it the next hour it's been seen I don't know 15 million times on
YouTube.
But when you look at the poor woman she's just a product of the culture. You know when
I got a lot of money like you know this rapper and that rapper and the judge is just reveling
in the fact that she doesn't know her head from the hole in the ground and the argument
is well this will teach her but she's in there to begin with for some petty charge. It's
just the biggest prison population in the world and they set it up to get you on the
drugs to get you in the system so then a judge can call himself honorable.
These aren't honorable judges most of them greasing the skids to destroy the Bill of
Rights and Constitution they're dishonorable they're disreputable they're frauds. I don't
know about that judge in particular but the system itself reveling in the petty exercise
of power over dumbed down idiots. I don't know and I watch these videos of judges and
proceedings just getting off on they're in charge and they're telling people what to
do and there it's a disease.
It's a disease of just mindlessness. I'm gonna go back to your phone calls jam-packed second
hour coming up with your calls and I'm gonna get into the nature of the New World Order
and their plan to destroy the economy from the pages of the latest news. But right now
let's go to another caller here.
Mark in Ohio wants to talk about smart meters go ahead.
Hey Alex how you doing today? Pretty good sir. I actually didn't believe what you were
talking about last week when you were talking about the smart meters and all they're watching
you and stuff like that and all your appliances so I decided to do a little experiment on
my own they tell you online how you can block the RF signal.
So I did this and I had the strangest thing happen everything in my house that was smart
went off just stopped working it was plugged in everything nothing worked my phone didn't
work cable didn't work nothing worked and then depending on where I was at the house
stuff will start flipping on and off it was almost like somebody somewhere else was trying
to get the information to upload of whatever I was doing that week and it just didn't work
and this went on for about four or five hours.
Yeah well see sir what you should do is is not just you are better than Alex Jones okay
I guarantee you in many ways of your life you're smarter more you know more intelligent
more focused you should then shoot video of all this happening and upload it to the enemy
system YouTube to show it to people and everybody should do this and everybody should shoot
a video showing how it's a tyranny and showing the owner's manual but I want you to listen
to me it's NBC CBS ABC Washington Post it was the I mean I've got articles out of the
San Francisco Chronicle where they started this 15 years ago lying to people saying don't
worry and then 10 years you know later saying of course we're watching you and tracking
you five years ago it's all official sir all the new appliances everything wire into these
these are the robot spy hub you understand you're not gonna be able to get appliances
or computers that don't buy federal and international regulations and law track everything you're
doing you understand this is there's more proof of the unified field of control and
it's not the technology's bad it's that they piggybacked it onto this and then you pay
for it in the cost of the product for your own enslavement now how is that not fraud
and a scam as well in a civil rights violation do you hear me brother exactly my printer
wouldn't work but all my lights in the house were on all the lights were on everything
was working there it's just anything that would have been bought in the last five to
ten years was not working tell you what stay there and i'm coming back i want to hear more
about this and then the big news blitz it's so important call everybody you know
this is gcn the genesis communications radio network
if you want an american company with american products made by americans here is the cow
ben soap company alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years these all
natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth-friendly
and safe see them on the web at five star soap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog
buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning
needs this is an amazing deal you can save thousands of dollars and you will love the
way real soap makes you feel see them on the web at five star soap.com or call 800-340-7091
for a free catalog waging war on corruption alex jones on the gcm radio network big brother
mainstream media government cover-ups you want answers well so does he he's alex jones
on the gcn radio network and now live from austin texas alex jones all right we're taking
a few of your phone calls right now and then i'm going to get into how the globalists have
set it up transfer all of our industry and jobs overseas and how they've enriched themselves
but more importantly centralized power and by knowing that the destruction of western
economies is designed that's so important because that means we can fix it and politically
understanding this and exposing it is the way to go so that's coming up in the next
segment that will continue with calls like with people like joe listening on wais 770 am and shane and leaf and corbin and others but mark in ohio i want to start over because i always get excited and try to interject don't do it on purpose it's a it's like a tick let's get your take on you heard the show you didn't believe me about smart meters even though i was showing news articles and sourcing them that it's designed by mit pentagon deployed
worldwide total control grid track everything you do part of the smart dust rfid control system
start over how you didn't believe me what specifically how you went and checked what
happened go ahead okay i just uh you know like like you said i didn't i didn't quite
believe i believe a lot of things you say but this one i was like okay that's a little
over the top so i went ahead and there's a way you can find out online how to block and
it doesn't everybody's got the products in their house they can use i blocked the signal
after about an hour or so everything that would have had a smart meter my printer my
phone my tvs even the tvs now hooked up the cable everything just went out systematically
then it was almost like they were trying to reboot stuff and get things to start working
again the weirdest part is is i have a cv radio in my house i started hearing i i brought
my cv radio because i know it's an rf channel i actually was talking through my cv and
i could hear it through my tv and other appliances which was just the creepiest thing ever oh
yeah all the new tvs have microphones and most of them cameras and see see if i wanted
to blow everybody away i would get together do a survey find volunteers that have smart
meters they're doing a big test uh in central austin um central east austin where it's admitted
they've got microphones up around town it's admitted they're listening over your tvs uh
and uh i think i've told the crew we need to investigate reports on this um but we're
just so busy trying to do everything else but because people need to see it it's not
enough when i go here's the cia director admitting they're listening to you via your washing
machine uh it's not enough to show that it's not enough to to show you know the philadelphia
inquire or the philadelphia schools or watching the kids at home over the government issued
laptops it's not enough to show sacramento police doing it in california people need
to see this so sir do it all again videotape it put it up on youtube and if you're not
good at that get your neighbor to help you okay there's no excuses i can't do it all
i'm telling the alternative media that are half of so jealous of us they could they could
spit i'm giving you the idea you go do it we'll post your video i just want to beat
the tyranny uh but people are all you should do this you should do that i can't do anymore
i've got the big ideas and people don't carry them out because there's just so much going
on but but yes we need to go show this everybody listen just like when your cell phone is sitting
next to your computer and every minute and a half or so depending on how it's set you
hear a that is the cell phone microwave transmitting to give your location and your search history
and also encoded algorithmic copies of all your photos oh you didn't know that oh nsa
just got real upset off that in case you've taken any photos they're uh they've got compression
systems that are unbelievable they're sending your photos out as well this is a this is
a demon police officer of the new world order to track everything you're doing okay and
so okay to quote south park okay so there it is right there just be aware of what it
is it's there to give you cancer it's there to microwave you it's there to track everything
you do it's there to save everything you do it's there to control you and uh darpa admits
they can also send out wavelengths to condition brain waves with these so this is your little
one of the things that doctor who that kill you exterminate exterminate the dollocks it's
your personal dollock you prepare by purchasing gold food and firearms but if you don't have
a home security system then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home
protection when you're sleeping or away from home who's watching out for intruders check
out simply safe it's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless
go to getsimplysafe.com simply safe is independent and off the grid it runs on battery power
so even if the grid goes down you're protected it's completely customizable so you can use
it in your home business boat trailer storage unit or shed getsimplysafe.com simply safe
is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes so there's no need to
let a stranger into your home if you move or need to relocate you can take the system
with you wherever you go you aren't always at home but simply safe will stand guard protecting
your property 24 hours a day seven days a week again that's getsimplysafe.com Alex Jones
here with a very important announcement for truth seekers we've carried a lot of amazing
films and books over the years on the online video bookstore at info wars.com and out of
all the titles we've carried one stands out because it is just so chillingly convincing
and that's dreams from my real father by Joel Gilbert available at info wars.com this film
exposes the fraud that Obama is like nothing I've seen you want to know who Obama's real
daddy is this is the film for you don't forget your purchase supports our broadcast and our
growing media network you'll also find it info warshop.com none dare call a conspiracy
by Gary Allen the book that woke me up we're also carrying behind the green mask you in
agenda 21 by Rosa Corey this book is coffin nails to the globalist takeover the greater
good the most professional and up-to-date film I've ever seen exposing the scourge that
is vaccines these titles and a lot more are all available at info warshop.com now that
we have moved into the winter season there is an increased need to support our immunity
and health at silver lungs we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full
selection of silver based products our most popular silver based products are the 32 ounce
nano silver solutions our two ounce nano silver nasal applicators as well as our all-natural
silver soaps just released is our 100% natural silver gel our new silver gel is not based
on synthetic gelling agents which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface
but rather we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry
of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more
effectively visit www.silverlongs.com and click on our store page to find what silver
based products are best for you that's www.silverlongs.com
big brother mainstream media government cover-ups you want answers well so does he he's Alex
Jones on the GCN radio network and now live from Austin Texas Alex Jones
it is Monday February 11 2013 I am your host Alex Jones thank you so much for joining us
the total free number to get involved on air is 800-25-99231 it's going to be open phones
coming up at the bottom of the hour in to the third hour today we have an investigative
journalist joining us to talk about staged mass shootings versus real mass shootings
and get a filmmaker on the show Holland Vanden Nieuwenhoff to give us his expert take on
all of this filmmaker of a noble lie that conclusively proves Oklahoma City was a staged
event to blame American libertarians and conservatives in 1995 and it's a blueprint of fast and furious
stage to blame the Second Amendment and we can expect more of those in the future so
we're going to be looking at the latest on the alleged cop killer who's now reportedly
calling up and taunting people and how he's being praised by the so-called left and the
anti-gun people as a hero beyond bizarre I'm going to cover that at the bottom of the hour
before we go to all the people that are patiently holding like Joe in Ohio listening on WAIS
770 am we'll go to him first when we do go to calls okay that said one of the most important
articles we've put out in recent times is up at infowars.com and prisonplanet.com our
news websites why the banking elite want riots in America civil war 2 the economic imperative
for mass social unrest and that ties in to of course people calling for civil war and
the killing of police in mass on the so-called left and the praising of their hero Chris
Dorner whether this is a real story or not it has a lot of telltale signs that it that
it is real but they won't let a good crisis go to waste you better believe that but again
that's coming up at the bottom of the hour now we're also streaming video at info wars
news.com or prisonplanet.tv will also get you there and so I want to show viewers some
numbers and a basic equation here as I break down the fact that America and the West are
being deindustrialized and economically imploded by design and this is what agenda 21 is all
about and knowing this can turn everything around if we can ever have a real debate with
the ruling political class and the minions they're buying and selling then it can be
game over for them but let's explain something throughout history and this is covered in
the book that we sell none dare call a conspiracy that was out of a print for a long time by
Gary Allen who had was working with people like Larry McDonald and Congress and others
to expose this that a tiny, tiny elite not 2% but much smaller than that is anti-free
market and that everywhere they get in control throughout history it's the same oligarchical
system of crony capitalism, crony insider monopolism every time they get in control
the middle class disappears a giant underclass is formed and a tiny elite then segregates
themselves into protected areas walled cities within the city controlling the general population
and this is the real political paradigm in fact if you're watching on TV I want to show
people an article here out of the London Guardian it says shocking figures reveal the growth
in UK's wealth gap the middle class is disappearing the poor are surging in numbers but a tiny,
tiny fraction they say 1% actually went and did the math on there it's less than one tenth
of 1% has seen a ultra massive increase in their wealth there's been a 18 to 19% drop
in the poor in what they've been making and a huge increase depending on how you break
the numbers down in the so-called rich and then the organization for economic cooperative
development that's what did the Marshall Plan that's the banking receivership arm of the
UN that's the real global government at the heart of it is the OECD key organization,
organization of economic cooperative development they're all the big global government treaties
you name it they then criticize themselves in their own policies offering socialism as
the solution to no jobs no economy no system where they've used regulations and bureaucracy
to wreck everything so there's just one example now let me the ultra not even one tenth of
1% it's way past that they want to blame the 2% the local person that makes $500,000 a
year that's got boats that's got cars that comes to your restaurant that buys clothes
that goes to the golf course that actually has a business, runs things, has a bunch of
employees, and then goes out and spends that money and flies to Cancun and flies to New
York to see a play that's who you want you want more of those upper middle class or new
rich new bo-rich as the French call them in every economy that's who you want because
they have a tendency to grow and grow and grow and then lift up the poorest the poorest
people start living like the last generation's rich now the globalists say this is bad for
the earth let's not go shopping and of course there's extremes in that the wealth does eat
up resources the wealth does cause decadence to where people get so wealthy even the poor
they don't care anymore because they've got their cheeseburgers so there's an equation
there where this this type of wealth does create a lot of slob behavior and spoiled
rotten kids and so the elites sit there and they argue hey you got a bunch of people that
are animals we're soft killing them it's come out they don't care let's just go ahead and
wipe them all out and we'll enjoy the life extension and you know we'll end war and set
up a global government the difference is the globalist throughout this entire program they're
the ones putting out the GMO and the cross species and the super mutated insect viruses
in the food and the zoological disorders cross species and the fish infusion and the antimatter
reactors and the black mana sabo armed drones and the particle beam laser blimp installations
and all of this stuff that is statistically i've studied it absolutely totally dangerous
and these people are not in control of it but they're in a race with a few other elites
they don't want the arabs to get the technology they've got a double deal with the communist
chinese i'm going to get to in a moment but they're absolutely in an arms race with themselves
and they're in control of most the world but they're not in control with their own internal
power structures and the less than 20 families 1,000 members of that 6,000 servants superclass
that aids them according to the kissinger group prospectus breakdown because they have
to understand themselves they publish books they publish periodicals discussing themselves
tragedy and hope superclass brazinski's new book i mean there's a bunch of them and it's
just all openly discussed there how they're going to kill us and how they're going to
take over and i mean you read stuff by brazinski written in the 70s it's all come true they're
about six seven years behind maybe a decade but but if you back it up and they admit they're
behind and by the way this is when they're talking to the cfr they think you're so dumb
he goes on the cfr on television and admits all this just leaving tiny membranes of plausible
deniability in there where he talks about maybe this isn't a good idea maybe it is but
this is where it's going again they and they tell you bill joy tells you in the april issue
2000 of wired magazine why the future doesn't need us again i'm telling you again i don't
deserve this and you don't deserve this i have had the establishment reach out to me
over the years and it's always off record as a journalist i can't talk about it or no
one will ever reach out to me again intermediaries presidents vice presidents billionaires you
name it well-known people to like alex i know it's bad but you know the leader bad look
how ugly the public is politically now they tear you apart they hate you you're never
going to help them you might as well join the establishment and try to work from within
how would you like a show on national tv how would you like book deals every you know six
months how would you like to be you know the next rush limbaugh i mean this is how the
system works this is how the system operates people that have sold out to the system they've
heard this speech before oh globalism is to raise the third world and to empower them
and sure to lower our standard but we want to lift them up then you get the actual inside
imf world bank prospectus on how they were going to implement the treaty because governments
won't sign on to these even if they know it's a con job for the public unless they know
the inside deal of what this treaty implementation means take the copenhagen treaty from three
years ago at the u.n summit for global carbon taxes and the third world leaders got it and
said we're right at we're right at 195 percent or almost double uh the taxes of the west
you were supposed to destroy the west and give us the money not raise taxes and de-industrialize
the west and then you were going to industrialize us and and see that that's the public sale
of agenda 21 which is the global zoning rules of eugenics and the post-industrial economy
which on its surface you can say hey we shouldn't be so wasteful we shouldn't be so slovenly
we shouldn't just buy things in some malfunctioning hunter-gatherer mechanism you know off the
home shopping network and pile your garage up full of junk you never open and crap you
don't need you see they've got a good sales but on the level but this isn't a real debate
about nations working together to have real goals and not be so slovenly and honoring
men and women in our roles and building society no at its heart it sells the mighty it sells
the virtuous it sells the good on corruption and evil but in the name of helping humanity
and saving the earth so that's my real indictment is that this is a very ugly thing now we come
back from break i'm going to go over the statistics but let's start doing this now there's 7.5
million people roughly now Rothkopf and the Kissinger group who i've interviewed on air
you look it up five years ago they came on i said why are you here he goes i'd like to
talk to you openly and you know maybe talk some sense into you you know would you like
to talk some time off air by the way john harmon was running the show that day he was
a witness to this during the breaks i'm talking to Rothkopf and i didn't agree didn't be nice
with him on air and he said that's it i'm never talking to you again people said we'll
get Rothkopf on again did you see most journalists get to talk to people like that or lord Rothchild
or whoever we got on the heir to the Rothchild and you're supposed to just they come on to
see if you'll kiss their butt the minute i kiss their butt i'd be on a jet airplane paid
for by them to london by the way i've been offered before by some of the most powerful
people in the world to be flown to london i'm not bragging i'm saying folks the new
world order is real i'm going to come back and tell you about all this when we get back
stay with us
my name is steven heuer after 22 years of nutritional counseling i've observed that
most brain malfunctions have at their roots some form of toxicity and brain damage so
whether it is poor memory poor focus lack of creative thinking or more serious matters
like inability to focus speak normally or remember things the emphasis to getting one's
brain working optimally needs to be on detoxification one world way supports your body's number
one means of detoxification which is glutathione production my name is angie and my son has
suffered from borderline autism and constipation i got him on one world way and in two months
his constipation is gone he's become friendlier he can carry on a normal conversation with
me and he has made his first friend he's doing great and he looks forward to taking one real
way every day you could offer him a present or cake and he would prefer the one real way
go to one world way dot com that's one world w-h-e-y dot com or call 888-988-3325 that's
888-988-3325 lunch is ready and it's an mre smorgasbord at longlifefood.com in 1983 longlife
food depot was one of the first to sell mre pouches to the public and we're still selling
them almost 30 years later today longlife food depot has the world's most complete mre
online buffet because mres are all we do tasty varieties of chicken beef salmon and pasta
entrees plus sandwiches and our easy to use pouches full moisture long shelf life and
ready to eat hot or cold we sell by the pouch or case so the choices are endless and so
are the graduated quantity discounts the more you buy the more you save call 800-601-2833
or go to longlifefood.com to join our email list for upcoming announcements like the rollaway
food pod plus enjoy fast and free shipping just call 800-601-2833 or visit longlifefood.com
emergency preparedness emergency relief longlifefood.com since 1983 sending real food to your real
future oh great now i've got to go to court meet tina now facing a future court date i
can't afford an attorney then learn how to represent yourself in court step by step without
a lawyer how online at how to win in court dot com how to win in court dot com how to
win in court dot com was created by a 27-year veteran attorney so you can know how to win
without a lawyer now i can go to court with confidence learn how at how to win in court
dot com the leader in lawsuit self-help since 1997 hi this is ted anderson have you ever
wondered why banks stock workers investment advisors won't talk about gold iras they've
been available since 1986 yet the financial industry won't recognize the value of gold
for your retirement gold is outperform paper investments yet no word about iras if you
would like to have gold for your retirement call 800-686-2237 don't get left behind by
rising inflation and low returns call 800-686-2237 secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237
hey there frank bates here have you heard about the weird device that could wipe out
280 million americans this is really scary stuff defense experts warn that this odd device
poses the greatest threat we've ever known in fact just a few weeks ago former speaker
of the house newt gingrich wrote an op-ed piece for the washington post warning about
this deadly threat i can't believe that more people aren't talking about this it may be
because the liberals and the government are trying to cover it up that's why my friend
just created a free video at weirddevice.com that exposes this threat and blows the doors
off a conspiracy go watch the shocking video at weirddevice.com right now to discover exactly
what it is plus discover the number one way you and your family can survive this deadly
attack i'm not sure how long this video will be online so go to weirddevice.com before
it's gone forever again that's weirddevice.com
alright now again this is the most important information i could cover so i hope you're
taking notes i hope you're listening we've got a part 1 of this report today up at infowars.com
tomorrow part 2 is coming out why the banking elite want riots in america civil war 2 the
economic imperative for mass social unrest where their own documents linked in this article
linked in this article how they plan to make you poor and then cause riots and cause civil
wars they've done this all over the world to bring in even more control but i'm telling
you how the trick works see when you're a little kid the magicians up there and it looks
like you know he really cut the lady in half or he really pulled a rabbit out of a hat
but once you learn the trick you see it and you know it and i'm here to teach you the
trick folks i'm here to teach you what i've learned studying these people and studying
history and it's not hard it's not like i'm guessing the trick they all write manuals
white papers government documents public reports like you don't exist because they know you
want to go watch the football game or go to the topless bar or uh do whatever it is you
do or you know go to church and hear some preacher worship the government instead of
christ and they know you're not focused on this information now i know our our audience
is but i'm talking to all of the i don't know tens of thousands of new listeners today we're
getting like two three new affiliates a week i want you to understand global government
is a global crime monopoly of ponzi scheme operators that have taken almost the entire
world over through fraud and they want to attack the two percent that's all that's left
of what they call the rich and somebody making 250 000 a year the husband and wife that is
not rich with a devalued dollar okay now when you've got when your granddaddy's got you
know airports named after them and you've got you know you're on the board of a hundred
companies and your wealth is tax exempt then you're wealthy that forbes list is nothing
ladies and gentlemen there are families leveraging it's been estimated the russian press estimated
when they arrested a bunch of oligarchs the rothchilds have leveraged this is a decade
ago 300 trillion dollars 300 trillion and they don't spin that they they use it as a
political weapon now let's go over the math here look at this 7.5 billion people on earth
roughly 1 000 it's really less than that members of the less than 20 families okay and it's
only in those families a few people controlling the wealth 6 000 super go first serving them
this is all out of the kissinger group okay now let's do the math of that 1 000 people
out of 7.5 billion we're not talking about the two percent out of 100 so you've got 98
as the enemy of the two percent and if they just didn't have that wealth it's this two
percent that comes to the golf course the two percent that buys plane tickets the two
percent that comes to the opera if it's the bottom 99.99999 of that two percent that makes
the world go round okay they make the world go round and the rest of the 20 or 30 below
them okay now historically this tiny 1 000 out of 7.5 billion they use feudalism to have
managed economies so no one can challenge them they want monopolies now what is 1 000
people out of 7.5 billion is 0.000001333333 so it's the 0.0000013333333 that we're talking
about and by the way there are actually some people in that top little percentage that
actually made their money off real things so that's even discriminatory but the majority
of that wealth of the 1 000 superclass has been stolen or gotten through combines okay
and these guys are the ones every case pushing globalism pushing the 1.5 quadrille quadrille
how many zeros is that 1.5 how many zeros are in a quadrille i know it goes quite a
while 93 on average of that globally this is even the washington post is derivatives
that they created that are not ours our national debt 16 well it's about to be 17 trill 17
trill compared to 1.5 quadrille they're telling us too big to fail we've signed on to this
we've signed on to the 1.5 quadrille and then the media is sitting there knowing people
don't pay attention to numbers they're telling us that we owe all this and we're deadbeat
slouches because of the 17 trill and it's true the debt's gone up 207 since obama got
in they're trying to trying to get us into some real debt a quadrillion has 15 zeros
or more than 50 yeah is it 24 i can't even keep track of this anymore all right we're
going to come back and get into the meat of this and then i promise your phone calls be
patient but now i've covered the background on this i want to explain the fact of why
the economy will never come back unless we arrest the globalist we're on the march the
empire's on the run alex jones and the gcn radio network
looking back on 2012 i know personally i'm thanking god that my family and i made it
through the year from natural disasters like hurricane sandy and the devastating summer
drought to the family hardships brought on by a disastrous economy our hearts go out
to those that have lost everything my friends at e-foods direct hear from customers every
day that are fortunate to weather life's storm by having a supply of food on hand danny from
new york city wrote in following hurricane sandy and said almost all the grocery stores
are closed but i managed to get my e-foods just in time to be able to help my sister
and my niece bottom line it's better to be prepared 10 years too early than one day too
late heed common sense's warning and do what i've done call 800-409-5633 today or go to
efoods direct.com forward slash alex they have the best tasting long-term storable food
on the planet call 800-409-5633 and ask about the alex jones special or go to efoods direct.com
forward slash alex get self-sufficient today call 800-409-5633 or efoods direct.com forward
slash alex it's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria viruses moles and fungus can inflict
severe damage in the human body fortunately a new and vastly improved silver solution
has been developed supernatural silver is a revolutionary broad-spectrum antibacterial
antiviral antifungal solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin
supernatural silver is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers using a patented
technology that is highly effective against coals flus infections food poisoning and yeast
in addition to many other pathogens supernatural silver is scientifically supported extremely
safe and is the number one choice of thousands of people for immune system support find out
how supernatural silver could change your life go to supernaturalsilver.com and use
the promo code healthy for 20% off that's supernaturalsilver.com and like us on facebook
if you want an american company with american products made by american here is the cow
ben soap company alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years these all
natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth
friendly and safe see them on the web at five star soap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free
catalog buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as
what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning
needs this is an amazing deal you can save thousands of dollars and you will love the
way real soap makes you feel see them on the web at five star soap.com or call 800-340-7091
for a free catalog you are obsolete mr. wordsworth a lie no man is obsolete you have no function
mr. wordsworth you're an anachronism like a ghost from another time i am nothing more
than a reminder to you that you cannot destroy truth by burning pages you're a bug mr. wordsworth
a crawling insect an ugly misformed little creature who has no purpose here no meaning
i am a human being words mr. wordsworth that have no substance and no dimension like air
like the wind i don't care i tell you i don't care i'm a human being i exist and if i speak
one for a love that thought lives even after i'm shoveled into my grave delusions mr. wordsworth
delusions that you inject into your veins to make you think you have a strength but you have no
strength at all you have nothing but spittly limbs and a dream and the state has no use for your
kind resistance to tyrants is obedience to god it's alex jones you have found it the tip of the
spear undoubtedly in the worldwide awakening to the technocratic eugenics based world government
monopoly tyranny i am 110 committed come life death hell or high water to defense of humanity
not because i'm a hero but because i have life force the globalists have not turned off my life
force they've not turned me to turn me over to their system of evil they've not turned me against
my own my own survival instinct they've not taught me to hate humanity as ugly as they've tried to
make us as much evil as they've poured into us i love god and i love justice and i hate the new
world order thank you for joining us all right let me let me finish up with this incredibly important
information then i'll go to your phone calls and then in the third hour we're going to cover the
reported cop shooter and all that's happening in the push for a civil war in this country with
an investigative journalist holland van den newenhoff who agrees with my analysis and has
a lot of cogent points to add you've heard him co-host the transmission before now before we
go any further here let me just recap that the ultra rich are monopoly men and they are out of
the 7.5 billion people they are zero point zero zero zero zero zero zero one three three three
three three three three uh percent and they've signed us onto their 1.5 quadrillion that's
actually a three-year-old number it's closer to two two quadrillion or two thousand trillion
and that's got 24 zeros a quadrillion does 24 zeros on it so we're talking about quite a bit
of money which is hundreds of times more than all the real assets in the world as they're currently
valued but the globalists have signed us on to too big to fail and then they take 25 million a
month and pump it directly into that not to prop it up they've already written that off
to destroy wealth raising payroll taxes on people making 22 000 a year i apologize
it's in cnbc today i thought it was 30 000 and up you got a payroll increase i'm sorry
22 000 a year that is poverty by any mark uh in most areas of the country i guess there's a few
areas where stuff's so cheap you could live like that uh and you count the property taxes and the
rest of it i mean this is total enslavement and so cold-blooded but that's because we have the
most cold-blooded elite ever who sees cold-bloodedness as a virtue
now let's go over some of the articles here for people watching on tv radio listeners these are
all up at info wars.com china eclipses u.s's biggest trading nation i'm just going to read
these headlines then go back into them china eclipses u.s's biggest trading nation measured
in goods not in fake fiat gdp fed's holdings of you feds again fed's a lie fellows are not fed
fed's holdings of u.s government debt hit record 1.696 691 trillion up 257 percent under obama
people are like wow they're going to bankrupt us they don't seem to care we're going over a cliff
they've run it over the clip in mexico argentina brazil nigeria south africa england germany they've
done this everywhere over and over again it's the oecd it's the new world order it's their plan
and we have an article by paul watson and i up at infallwars.com why the banking elite
went riots in america civil war 2 the economic imperative for mass social unrest their own
admissions of how they've engineered it it's red linked go get it people are like well it's
it's depressing what's the point knowing this is coffin nails to the enemy if you won't get up and
fight back when their whole program's public then we have to get back to the enemy and fight back
then we have no hope now let's continue with these headlines china eclipses u.s's biggest trading
nation measured in gdp private federal reserve holds 1.696 plus trillion 16 it just goes on and
on the chinese buying i don't know was they got like 2 trillion or something the fed's bailout
of europe continues with record 237 billion injected into foreign banks in past month
zero hedge from the wall street journal did you hear that 237 billion into foreign banks
in just last month on top of 85 billion a month injected into the private federal reserve banks
that are also the european banks so add that in and again it's all just fiat they're just
injecting it to get you into debt because it's not it's not real only the debt on you is real
enforced by all the officers wearing garth vader outfits you notice there's checkpoints and garth
vader outfits and you're going to stick their hands down your pants it's all about line up
slaves it's all about you're occupied now it's all about you understand that they're gonna bring you
down just like they're doing in latin america every 10 years they did it in 2000 they're doing
it again right now they did in 2001 2002 they're devaluing their currencies again they're doing it
they do it to destroy wealth only the globalist to a preposition to come out on top
it goes on this is it china surpasses us number one global trading partner
okay so that's some of the economic news 40 ways that china is beating america key article by
michael snyder of american dream up at info wars.com i want to cover some of that how obama is
wielding executive power in second term again the office is becoming a dictatorship not the puppet
who sits in it the bureaucracy through it is becoming a dictatorship the un over the military
executive orders where congress can't see what the president's doing that is a dictatorial action
how obama is wielding executive power in second term ap whitewashing that it's okay saying he
could use executive power to take the guns remember that obama to propose spending to
boost jobs in state of the union more spending more debt not to actually get the economy going
which is bad enough because it causes inflation but to give it only to select interest continuing
speech lays out next goals of shaving the middle class venezuela sharply devaluates currency again
this is how they do it over and over again could venezuela's mass panic by soon be coming to america
as the devaluation accelerates britain's super rich just keep getting richer again middle class
disappears the ultra rich get even richer then they sick the dumb down poor people on anybody
that even drives a nice car as if they're them driving a nice car hurt the people with nice cars
come to your business dummy okay let's continue why the banking elite want riots in america
now this is the big key article and i'm going to get to that in a moment but i want to break this
down first u.s citizens brace for austerity impact cnbc they say the way to get the economy going
is higher taxes higher regulations fines fees new state taxes higher income taxes people making
twenty two thousand dollars a year massive tax increases and obama and his masters are laughing
are laughing at you the same global interest funded romney and obama that's why the outcome
is no different but they went with obama because everybody will just sit down who sees themselves
on the left and accept torture war secret arrest because because they're guys in there i mean
literally they want you dead they're eugenicists who've got a black guy part black up there so he
must be nice i mean it is again it's all about surface it's all about camouflage you understand
i mean they use military systems on you and you don't want to admit you've been conned i've had
people i knew personally go you're wrong i'm getting a million dollars from prince wabubi
in nigeria and i go listen that's been out for a decade that is a fake thing don't send them five
thousand dollars for him to wire you a million and they go my ship has come in you're wrong and you
know what those people are mad at me it's happened two people i know one talk show host one other
they're mad at me later and don't ever want to talk to me again when i'm proving right
listen there is no prince wabubi okay obama doesn't care about you either it's like a
nigerian chain letter folks it isn't real now i know i'm a conspiracy theorist because i'm
informed i'm involved and i'm telling you look out they want you gullible anybody that says watch out
be careful check into things that's a bad man a conspiracy theorist but anybody that says trust
the government go out and party have a good time get into debt ha ha ha that's a good guy
come on folks get out of the trance i mean i've repeatedly had people i knew go man i got this deal
where where the you know where he can get this money out of the bank that's how that's how
gambling works all these con games and it's just any society in decline is obsessed with gambling
and get rich quick schemes and all this stuff and folks it isn't real it isn't real okay the new
world order is a consolidation takeover program they've paid our government put Mao Zedong in in
1949 that's now been declassified john birch society said it when they were founded in the
late 50s that's why they founded it was because they found out people in the military found out
our government was was had actually put Mao in now declassified i don't know like 15 years ago
you look it up they put him in he kills between 64 and 80 something million the numbers are debated
uh okay i said i'd go to your calls and i'm already digressing i promised to go to him
joe and others it's listen to me the not our government the globalists put them in power
then nixon was sent to open things up okay america's ready in the early 70s now us ambassador
george herbert walker bush china implements one child policy forced abortions they have
slave labor they begin leveraging out all the competition only select westerners connected
to the kissinger group only a few hundred firms are allowed to operate in china and have the very
best deals or if you're a subsidiary you've got to go through them okay so it's a suicide nets
apple all of it you know very liberal it's liberal suicide nets you know forced abortions it's
liberal secret arrests and torture it's liberal it's al gore it's okay if he you know set the
policy for the suicide nets you know i mean he's liberal i mean you know he he talks like of nelly
so it must be all right you know you know the acts non-threatening he'll slit your throat in
two seconds they're demons okay okay we're in danger folks anyways continuing i mean secret
arrest torture the control grids the 10 fema regions the 10 fema governors the 10 fema
regional governors over the rural council i mean it's happening we're going into receivership they
want to start a civil war in the middle of this to demonize opposition that knows what's going on
they got shows everywhere demonizing anybody that talks about this because it's a takeover
and you can't do the delusional thing where you watch the sitcom where the terrorist is a gun
owner and you watch the drama where the terrorist is a gun owner and loves the founding fathers and
feel like you're a winner when you watch your neighbor drug away because they're a patriot in
the future you're not part of the winning team your water your foods having chemical and bio
weapons put in it they're killing you troops they're killing you with experimental vaccines
your cancer rates and suicide rates are off the chart foster kids almost 70 are on psychotropic
drugs just like the troops anybody the globalist control will show you where they're going they
want full control over everybody so the economy will never turn around none of this will ever get
fixed none of this will stop until you realize that it is a master scientific plan written up
by inbred royalty rothschilds rockefeller's and others of social darwinism that it's their right
to be totally cold-blooded and wipe everybody out for the new age to begin their new age where they
will become god men now i don't know if that's really going to happen or not they believe it
the media always watches endgame and says jones says they're going to live forever i didn't say
that i quote them bibliographed what book what statement what un document where they say it
this is an emergency red level alert warning you you know about all the secret testing all of it
continuing they made insider deals with china and i mean they're the communist chinese generals are
worth billions because they own and control the licenses to get the factories where slaves are
literally marched in or you can just starve to death and they're taking the rural people's
property making them go into the big compact cities just like they've done in southern mexico
under the un to force them up to mexico city it is it is it is a exploiting the third world to
build slave widgets where idiot westerners buy it to be de-industrialized and enslave themselves
while the police state grid is put in place so when they collapse at all they can then
everyone beg for this for the fewer resources from the system with hat in hand to accept higher
levels of social engineering into the next phase and once all that's put in place then they start
having the controlled bioweapons releases and wiping out large swaths of the population
everything you've seen up to this point is just testing and conditioning getting the public ready
for it so that's why they have now announced china is the biggest owner of u.s debt that china now
has a bigger actual trade not just fake fiat gdp we've been maneuvered into this maneuvered into
higher taxes higher regulations carbon taxes that china's exempt from this is economic warfare that
isn't rhetoric this is economic warfare against our republic to bring this system in and it's the
same system from australia to germany to canada to the united states from wales to scotland from
ireland proper uh to you name it it's the same global standardized system on record designed to
break up the family dumb down the children drug the population just getting you used to it they're
now rolling out vaccines that you'll never be depressed again that literally attack your
cerebral cortex injectable uh selective lobotomies i mean you're in a science fiction movie
you're in a science fiction movie and the only reason i'm still alive is because they
underestimated us and there are a lot of good people in the system now and this thing is
compartmentalized where they don't want to mess with the research project they want to roll it
out and see what happens and it's a weird rule that they have under social darwinism that if we
wake up to this and say no and fight them and reverse it they're not going to do it
it's a weird metaphysical rule that we've got to invite them in we've got to give into this
it's the free will issue and i'm telling you right now ladies and gentlemen you're already
walking dead many of you you've already been you've already been eating and drinking and
giving shots of things that even if you try to eat the best vitamins and minerals and exercise
you're you're not going to be i mean the number the actuaries are off the chart the cancer rates
the death rates the the longevity is lowering everywhere i mean we're in trouble and it's going
to get worse and crazier and weirder and stranger and we're never going to come out of it and here's
the key they're selling a self-fulfilling prophecy and the video is up on infowars.com
world banker makes stunning confession where wolfdenson is going to all the big universities
there's a bunch of these speeches and admitting oh the less is about to be all poor and all the
powers going to china and india well not the power but to the elites over there because they're part
of the globalist program to leverage out the wealth that we don't have to become poor for
them to succeed globalism isn't meant to raise everybody up it's meant to lower everyone that's
the great lie of globalism and things are only going to get worse until we realize this and say
no to it we're going to go to break and come right back with joe and everybody else for two segments
that our guest is joining us and then we'll continue taking phone calls but this is a nightmare
where you're seen as dumb animals who aren't even conscious who don't even have rights who are
slated for an orderly extermination this whole thing is a giant technotronic technocratic
laboratory in their own words you understand this is not my opinion this is the nightmare vision of
the technocratic new world order looking back on 2012 i know personally i'm thanking god that
my family and i made it through the year from natural disasters like hurricane sandy and the
devastating summer drought to the family hardships brought on by a disastrous economy our hearts go
out to those that have lost everything my friends at e-foods direct hear from customers every day
that are fortunate to weather life's storm by having a supply of food on hand danny from new
york city wrote in following hurricane sandy and said almost all the grocery stores are closed but
i managed to get my e-foods just in time to be able to help my sister and my niece bottom line
it's better to be prepared 10 years too early than one day too late heed common sense's warning and
do what i've done call 800-409-5633 today or go to efoods direct.com forward slash alex they have
the best tasting long-term storable food on the planet call 800-409-5633 and ask about the alex
jones special or go to efoods direct.com forward slash alex get self-sufficient today call 800-409-5633
or efoods direct.com forward slash alex it's time for a home security quiz answer this what effective
home security device is smaller than a coffee cup fakes out burglars into thinking someone is home
at your house while you're away plugs into any wall outlet is recommended by many police
departments and sells for less than $35 yes it's fake tv this year about one in every 50 us homes
will have a break-in with burglars usually picking the easy target a dark house that looks like no
one is home fake tv is a small electronic security device that makes it look like someone is home
watching tv by simulating the light from a real tv it's like a lamp on a timer but far more convincing
and for only 34.95 fake tv could be the difference between coming home to a secure house or one that's
been ransacked go to fake tv.com or call 1-877-5FAKETV that's 877-532-5388 or go to fake tv.com
fake tv the burglar deterrent social unrest food shortages political turmoil emps earthquakes
tornadoes hurricanes fires riots flooding it's not a matter of if but when what if it happened right
now would you have the supplies to survive off the grid off the grid.com is the place to go for
the widest selection of survival supplies at rock bottom prices head over to off the grid.com for
survival kits first aid supplies dried food water filters and purifiers gas masks solar and crank
radios solar generators ammo knives stun guns pepper sprays hats and bags fire starters a
library of books and a whole lot more get free same day shipping on all orders over 75 dollars
enter promo code radio at checkout and receive an additional five percent discount off our already
lowest in the industry prices off the grid.com proud to stand shoulder to shoulder with you
as we protect our constitution against all enemies foreign and domestic from his central
texas command center deep behind enemy lines the information war continues it's alex jones
and the gcn radio network now i just want to be clear they sell globalism nafta gat open borders
all of this is what will fix the economy but you notice it always gets worse they tell you
they're not going to raise taxes on people making less than a quarter million they raise it on
people making twenty two thousand dollars a year that's cnbc today and i heard this everywhere i
go people are freaking out folks the insurance companies wrote this legislation to make poor
people buy insurance and to get rid and phase out medicare and medicaid but they're going to
sit there and go right wingers don't want you to have this you notice it got passed
it's just so horrible what they've got planned they're not nice socialists that want to give you
a free teddy bear nobody rides for free folks freedom and small government creates wealth
big government creates hell on earth and this big government is eugenics based
don't forget ladies and gentlemen you can get 11 memberships for 5.95 to see the video of the
daily radio show and the nightly news and all my films and that support helps our broadcast as well
but that's not even the issue 11 people with the same username and passcode can sign on that's
less than 59 cents a month per person go to info wars news.com and become a member today and get
your friends and family watching wake somebody up today joe in ohio listening on wais.com
on wais 770 am thanks for holding joe you heard that big breakdown of china surpassing us yeah
it's it's a economic warfare with the globalist bringing america down raising our taxes and
regulations and then moving all our businesses to china totally conscious we can turn this around
if we understand it's by design go ahead well uh mr jones i just uh i agree with what you're saying
uh it's been proven many times uh to me and and to quite a few people over the years
and uh what i would like to do is thank you for for what you're doing uh i know it's difficult
at times you seem like you're going six different ways at once uh i can understand that i mean
you've got a lot on your shoulders and uh back when i started listening really listening to
the program about eight years ago i had time to uh it's just proven to me and some of the
folks i listen with that uh yeah there's some things going on in this world that
need to be taken care of and uh well my problem is i get angry at obama grandstanding about how
much he loves poor people and engaged in class warfare when he represents the robber barons
eugenicist who are doing forced abortions now in africa that the federal government just funded
three years ago and then i get to see jamie fox saying racist things all day while they're killing
black kids and it's just it's so over the top and obama has got quote poor people thinking he really
wants to help them when he raised their taxes and then i know they're moving all our jobs to china
not even to help the chinese but to even lower their standard of living and we're totally being
enslaved i mean this is a fact we're being absolutely economically attacked what do we
do about this i say we get angry we get the word out definitely um and again that's where i want to
reiterate as is as long as i've been listening uh and i i thought years ago uh especially after 9 11
uh boy that that was something that uh kind of woke a lot of people up
uh there's still a lot of people that need to be woke up about it but uh the day that that happened
um and the stuff that went on after as far as the media uh it wasn't right it wasn't right and
regardless 9 11 has been used to set up a police state now admittedly aimed at gun owners
conservatives libertarians returning veterans undoubtedly i was right it happened and yes the
globalist around al-qaeda it's not even so much our government it's criminal elements within
god bless you third hour more calls and a special guest coming up
you are listening to gcn visit gcnlive.com today
alex jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers the prognosis for the entire
planetary economic system runs from bad to worse the globalist model is to shut down societies and
starve patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover that's why we've assembled the
most vital and important preparedness items at info wars shop.com these are items that i did
research on that i personally use we've got the life straw so you can turn fetid water into safe
water anywhere you go the ktor hand crank generator to charge up key equipment during
power outages are out in the field strategic relocation third edition by joel scousum when
disaster strikes by matthew stein thorough safe used by homeland security to protect yourself
during any radiological event hand crank shortwave amfm radios everything that we've researched and
found to be the best is available at info war shop.com and your purchase makes our info war
possible we're getting prepared are you infowars shop.com waging war on corruption alex jones on
the gcm radio network big brother mainstream media government cover-ups you want answers
well so does he he's alex jones on the gcn radio network and now live from austin texas alex jones
marla sham and more your calls others holding you'll get to talk to our special guest coming
up because he can talk about any subject talks to us in his own right shannon virginia welcome
sir thank you for calling first of all i just want to let you know happy birthday thank you
it is my birthday big 39 i'm getting to be old man here yeah well guess what i got you beat by
one year i'll be 40 here in a couple of weeks all right brother well good to have you call in what's
on your mind anyway uh first of all i want to talk i woke up about uh it's sad to say that i
forgive me i'm getting over the flu uh it's sad to say that i'd uh and i just woke up probably
less than a half a year ago um anyway up about the flu vaccine uh the flu vaccine i haven't had
a flu shot since the 90s and this is the first time that i had the flu uh since uh since the 90s
uh the last time i had a flu shot i got sick um anyway isn't it ironic if you actually think
about it if they were actually you know how every fall they say hey you need to get a flu shot right
and um as soon as you get everybody gets a flu shot all of a sudden the flu spreads now no no
no they're actually studies by major governments you can pull them up we've done these reports
your common sense is dead on where the regular flu shot actually causes the flu that's why they give
the nasal live virus first and they admit in the literature it's actually causing and of course
they spread the flu themselves so that they can then scare everybody look the this government
alone has declassified more than i don't know it's more than 2 000 programs many of which were lethal
spraying lethal stuff on towns foster kids troops in the old days it was minorities because they
they primed the pump with well those those are minorities you know let's do let's kill them or
hurt them but now it's everybody and it's been everybody actually for a long time
in phase two but i mean there's been no reparations there's been no big investigation
it's like oh we apologize for doing this or that so obviously why do we trust anything they're
doing do you see my point exactly that's what i was trying to say i mean imagine if they were
to give the flu shot in the springtime you probably see a flu epidemic through the summer
oh there's no doubt there's no doubt and if you get the flu shot one year it doubles your chances
of catching other variants of it that's the canadian government's uh two studies four years
ago i mean we already knew that but it it how many people got a flu shot for the first time
and got the flu a day later i mean even piers morgan got deathly ill a couple days after
taking the shot i mean this is not a game folks these are not oh the government and big pharma
most big pharma was uh was in germany under hitler uh bayer ig farben you name it they're
like oh people that ran the death camps they run our drugs now oh well they're nice people
and bayer didn't just get caught in the 40s remember they got caught for 11 years shipping
out millions of ampules of factor 8 that gave every hemophiliac or others that took that blood
product drug gave them hiv and hepatitis and then it came out in the court documents that they knew
it and quote didn't care well it's more than didn't care can you imagine giving hundreds
of thousands of people hiv and hepatitis can you imagine that brother uh no i couldn't
hey you know what you know what the sad thing is uh the sad thing is that people are they're so
blind i've been trying to wake people up and they they call me a conspiracy theorist yeah
everything you said is is being true and i'm not committing you as god and all that i know you're
not no no but i mean it's on record about bayer everything i said is on record if it wasn't i'd
be sued into oblivion yeah i know that and the thing about it is i used to be a big glint-backed
supporter i really was a big glint-backed fan and my wife thought that i went off the limb
now my wife looks at me because shane i can't listen to glint back anymore
no i mean well we're getting glenn to come around a lot of ways he he went through a lot growing up
and took him decades to make it that's why he's so competitive with other patriots and does some
bad things but you know overall i think he's doing a good job and we forgive him you prepare
by purchasing gold food and firearms but if you don't have a home security system then you're
missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection when you're sleeping or away from home
who's watching out for intruders check out simply safe it's a new do-it-yourself home security
system that is completely wireless go to getsimplysafe.com simply safe is independent
and off the grid it runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down you're protected
it's completely customizable so you can use it in your home business boat trailer storage
unit or shed getsimplysafe.com simply safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in
under 20 minutes so there's no need to let a stranger into your home if you move or need
to relocate you can take the system with you wherever you go you aren't always at home but
simply safe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day seven days a week again
that's getsimplysafe.com introducing pro wine all of your filtration in one system portable
on the go no more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride you have a system
that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95 percent of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced
manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics
advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element it is the
only one that does it and out of the gates we have it discounted at 10 off with promo code water this
is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides herbicides chloramines ammonia
and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride
filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate get your pro pure with the new pro one filters today
at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139 you may be arrested and or subject to other
police action tyranny is here the grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality it really
says that the state is god the united states is now recognized globally as one of the most
oppressive police states on earth this film conclusively proves the existence of a secret
network of fema camps now being expanded nationwide this documentary exposes how
the continuity of government program has established an all-powerful shadow state
police state four chronicles the sickening depth to which our republic has fallen
prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship body scanners sound
cameras citizen spies stage terror and cameras on every street corner it's only the beginning
of the new world order's hellish plan the police state isn't coming it's here secure your copy
today at info wars.com or see it online in the highest quality at prison planet.tv
leading a frontal assault on the lives of the new world order it's alex jones on the gcn radio
network waging war on corruption leaving a frontal assault on the lives of the new world order
we are the american people and the people of the world the sleeping giant is awakening
monday through friday 11 a.m to 2 p.m three hour transmission
i am alex jones your host thank you for joining us
and don't forget the sunday broadcast 4 to 6 p.m central standard time is live as well
all right we're gonna go to your phone calls from the last hours
corbin and leaf and larry and shet and george we're gonna get to all of you coming up because
our next guest is a syndicated talk show host uh filmmaker great researcher he's actually filled
in before as a guest host and was quite popular we should have him back but he lives up in oklahoma
holland van den newenhoff is a native of oklahoma formerly served in the u.s marine
corps as a rifle squad leader and he's been broadcasting six seven years and he also was
a writer and producer on the excellent film a noble lie oklahoma city 1995 the first full-length
documentary examining oklahoma city bombing in light of new and suppressed evidence that proves
the official story is a myth yeah run by the same people that brought you fast and furious you know
who the deputy attorney general was at the time is now the attorney general uh today and i wanted
to get him on because uh he he does have a really good intellect a piercing intellect when it comes
to researching these type of things and i wanted to get his take on the last few what i believe
are at least provocateur and allowed to happen prior knowledge scripting you see how the media
behaves you learn when it's staged you learn when it's not you learn when they're just not letting
a good crisis go to waste and you learn when they are behind it or when even mainstream media
admits every few weeks they bust some mentally ill person who's been profiled with an 85 iq
who's schizophrenic who they've given drugs and money to for two years on average who they finally
convinced will give you another ten thousand dollars and the heroin or the meth when you go
blow up the christmas tree or again and then they're oh we busted a terrorist but now they're
flipping the script from its al-qaeda which the west openly runs in libya and syria and other areas
too gun owners conservatives libertarians you name it and the reason i was in the film noble
i that we sell an info store.com discounted i hope you get it and give it to everybody
well you heard me this last few years i said all the obama advisors say he needs to really get
power and get done what he wants chapeiro you name it in the financial times of london
they're internal high-level donors people that give you like a million bucks for the democrats
every year one way or another they got internal letters and at meetings it got recorded
uh that hey we're gonna blame the what they call the right wing but they mean the real right wing
not the fake stand-in one the libertarians conservatives they see that as left and right
at least in the paradigm they communicate we're gonna blame all this on them don't worry you know
he's gonna get it done and and we've been told gun owners we we killed the kids at sandy hook
doesn't matter of real violent crimes down 49 since uh 2001 uh excuse me since 1991 it doesn't
matter if that is accelerating it doesn't matter if more guns mean less crime doesn't matter of
switzerland's the safest country in the world and has the highest gun ownership
i saw a washington post article this weekend admitting that but demonizing it they're trying
to take their guns you can't take everybody else's guns and do all this worldwide if a
couple countries stand out meanwhile this new cop which i look at this i read the manifestos which
are his online postings what he said it fits the mo of one of their wind-up toys who's into being
a hollywood star that that's what they think me and a cop is been you know counterterrorism training
and all this going off the rails being mad because his whole identity i mean just look at the photo
of this guy i've seen that eye i've seen that look let me see a document cam here it it's it's
a narcissism look and you see the you know the whole way except the way the cops are so scared
shooting up innocent people's cars the way the media is spinning it like oh maybe it's good
maybe it is racism that's telling you that it's not staged now they'll sure use it to push drones
and police state and all the rest of it and you know to sell the idea of just we'll kill whoever
we want at checkpoints whenever we want i mean they have a bank robbery in denver and an hour
later they shut down a highway and aim m16s and every family in their cars i mean and if they
killed people it'd be good kill more i mean the proof you're a good american is to kill yourself
you know the government's got everybody else's trash everybody else's filth now i know most
police are not like this but the system's trying to twist them so i want to get holland van a
newenhoff's take because he was on a lot up to the election saying look they're going to stage
stuff they're going to blame it on us they're going to provocateur it and then you get anderson
cooper's green screen his nose disappearing uh i mean are they doing that on purpose to make
his focus on that knowing the public's not that awake and will think we're cooks
uh multiple men who were police from another jurisdiction caught by police then the media
said it didn't exist they didn't say hey they were cops later it's come out in court it's no
that didn't happen you didn't see that see it's the evidence of the cover-up the scripting the way
they jumped on it within five minutes literally with tweets that's how they caught them setting
up dominique straus khan is a horrible globalist but he was being set up by sarcozy still failed
the socialist still got back in it just wasn't khan two different brands of the new world order
stabbing each other in the back separation of powers that's one thing that holds back to
globalist throughout history is they're always stabbing each other in the back holds back tyrants
the modern version globalist was that the official twitter of sarcozy got time zones off
and tweeted a good 30 minutes before the police were even called before he'd even left the hotel
that he had raped a woman and that he had been arrested that's like publishing in a whole bunch
of other time zone you know australia new zealand uh and then one other asian country that lee
harvey oswald had killed jfk before he was even arrested and his name was even broadcast they got
the time zones off just like they announced building seven had just blown up and collapsed
and and cnn's going it's not hadn't collapsed well reuter says it has they got the scripting off and
then two bbc's said the same thing you see and it's not people say oh are you saying aaron brown
was i don't know he lived in new york he went but it appears to still be there but it fell in its
own footprint from the fires there it is okay yeah and then other networks and i said it was
probably reuters because i knew they're the highest level globalist internal propaganda feed i said
that on record turned out it was reuters bbc had to admit at first they said it wasn't real footage
that we faked it see we've got them ladies and gentlemen we have them now okay and if we just
expose them it's over but we're entering the main danger quadrant right now now he may disagree with
me and i want his take on sandy hook on the aurora that's totally staged so i haven't heard his his
take on this yet i haven't haven't heard him on local radio in about a month hasn't been too busy
uh and i want to get his take on this new guy i'm gonna try to shut up give him the floor for about
15-20 minutes then i promise we'll go to your calls holland vanden newenhoff thank you for
joining us sir uh thank you very much for having me on again alex it's a pleasure what do you think
of that rant you just heard your points on it what do you think's going on right now i think
you're making very good points uh what you pointed out in your uh video release on the green screen
of anderson cooper is the fact that cnn is actively engaged in a propaganda campaign revolving around
the sandy hook massacre to uh fulfill a gun control agenda and as you pointed out cnn has time
and time again over the past two decades been heavily involved in the deep state agenda being
the propaganda arm of the pentagon and the national security state and uh whatever uh uh
whatever the political agenda that needs to be fulfilled uh during the current administration
of course we're seeing under the current uh pretender and thief president obama a mere
a mere continuation of the policies of president bush uh expansion of the war on terror and at the
same time he's asking us the american people to disarm ourselves at the very same time that they
are uh taking the drone technology that they've already used overseas to kill hundreds of children
and they're importing it they're bringing it here to this country and they're using it currently
uh in uh the hunt for the lapd uh cop killer the supposed cop killer christopher dorner so we see
we're seeing if this event in california is not contrived and i'm reserving judgment on that
perhaps could be legitimate a legitimate uh outpouring of rage at a man's life destroyed by
a corrupt system and if so uh we're seeing how a legitimate threat to the system they see this lone
individual who has just the right amount of training to be a threat to their control system
you see the panic mode they go into protective details doesn't shooting up passers-by who happen
to drive by the wrong house at the wrong time aren't even in trucks and and a white guy they
pull over let him go and then shoot him up exactly and this is not professional behavior this is
panic driven behavior uh police officers are used to being having the tactical advantage in numbers
and equipment and oftentimes when you see them at a disadvantage just like the overconfident
person in an earthquake who loses his bearing because all of a sudden his size has no standing
on his survival status they completely go to pieces you see the police seeing that their
their supposed advantages are no more and they simply go to pieces we saw it after katrina
we saw it at waco when the atf were you know basically got their um they got beaten in the
first firefight by a bunch of children and old men uh even though they had the tactical advantage in
the firepower but they they came up against against some resistance they weren't expecting
they went completely to pieces you know i think you've gone to the heart of it i want to talk
about that first when we come back this should everybody al sharpness says we got drones we're
taking your guns the government owns you the globalists couldn't hold back dead and if you're
willing to fight i don't care how many robots how much crud you've got unless you nerve gas
everybody you're going to lose and if they start this civil war it is going to wipe out the police
and military period but i don't want that to happen because the globalists plan on that
happening yeah i mean you'd be a fool to see it not happening we see the potential of it fulfilling
right now just imagine if a couple dozen christopher donors were on the loose in one
state pulling off such havoc i mean you would see a complete uh collapse uh instant martial law
and then that won't matter because they'll all they're gonna go to redoubts they're gonna go
dig in when all this happens and then that's gonna just let the economy fall apart until they get
citizens to rat people out it's look listen it's it's a trap none of us want to do this but i'm
telling you they're all talking about civil war the media's hyping him kind of going oh civil war
yeah let's kill some cops the last thing you want to do folks is kill cops hello i'm alex jones my
self my family the info wars.com team want to relay to you and your families that we are
intensifying our efforts against the globalist on every front info wars.com is leading the fight
against the technocrats but we can't do that without your help by getting the films bumper
stickers and t-shirts at info wars.com you will wake up people in your area and support our
operation as we move to the next level we need your help to spread the word like never before
they wish to hide themselves during this tectonic battle between the forces of freedom and darkness
you are the response to the globalist technocrats and their program of global eugenics dehumanization
and ultimate extermination the war is here it's an info war the spirit of 1776 versus the mindset of
1984. don't throw away leftovers instead throw all your leftovers vegetable peels eggshells
coffee grounds pizza crusts and more into the bokashi if you love to garden and compost but
don't like the hassle of turning a compost bin or the smell then check out the em bokashi food waste
recycling system from tereganics finally a way to recycle all your food and plant waste safely and
effectively and stop using fertilizers the em bokashi food waste recycling system rather than
decomposition the bokashi system uses fermentation to break down waste so it takes less time to
create nutrient-dense humus for crops or gardens with no turning and no obnoxious odors to learn
more and order your bokashi online visit tereganics.com and click on the orange button
that's tereganics.com spelled t-e-r-a-g-a-n-i-x.com or call 866-369-3678 that's 866-369-3678 recycle
all your food wastes in about six weeks with the bokashi food waste recycling system from
tereganics.com tereganics life's getting better friends this is alex jones for mitusresources.com
for more than 15 years i have exclusively used mitus resources for all my precious metal needs
whether it's bullion or collectibles you're looking for mitus resources is simply the best
i own my gold as a hedge against inflation this federal reserve fiat currency could go the way
of the deutschmark and the weimar republic anytime in these historically dangerous times it makes
sense to physically hold gold and silver mitus already has some of the best deals in the industry
but if you give them a call and mention the radio special they will give you a list of the day's
super specials mitus brokers are standing by to answer all your questions at 800-686-2237
they also have a lot of informative free literature explaining the opportunities and risk
of holding precious metals they are ready to answer your questions at 800-686-2237
again that's 800-686-2237
you land in buenos aries then are shuttled to santa rosa where a nicely furnished cabin with
all amenities wi-fi executive food and wine and laundry service awaits after a good night's sleep
your adventure begins you're on a golden stag safari for big game but it's not africa it's
argentina one-on-one guided hunts for water buffalo huger bighorn rams wild boar and the
biggest stag deer in south america all gold metal quality all the action you can handle
land rovers top rental guns with scopes all food beverages hunting guides ground transportation
included and more all more affordable than you can imagine the adventure of a lifetime starts
at golden stag safaris.com the big game hunting ranch golden stag safaris.com
everybody knows that the dice are loaded everybody rolls everybody knows that the days are loaded
and everybody rolls with their fingers crossed everybody knows the war is over
everybody knows the good guys but that's not really true the war never started the
globalists were able to take over because nobody saw what they were doing they did it incrementally
but now as you get down to the end game people are really waking up look at this article up at
prison planet.com and info wars.com school board wants to take copyrights away from students and
teachers yeah that's the new corporate global governance where they're saying that the u.n
will enforce where you can't even use words without paying a tax now with voice recognition
they're going to do it and then when you write something or teachers write something you don't
own it the government does and that's how they actually spy on you see computers sound great
in schools but then everything you're writing is being read by the feds it all goes into a database
and they say they have computer programs that check it for plagiarism i mean it's just a nightmare
world they're building because none of us think about infrastructure we just put up with whatever
they roll out to us going back to our guest holland van den newenhoff syndicated talk show
host documentary filmmaker okay hall this is short segment long segment coming up bottom line
now hundreds of millions more bullets they're buying 1.6 plus billion checkpoints highway
checkpoints tsa checkpoints in austin now i mean it's just it's accelerating but it shows how it's
a paper tiger because if we ever resist it it's all over but they're going to stage stuff and
blame it on us to get the hearts and minds that's the race in the hole that's why we've got to
expose they're the ones behind so much of this but what do you make of them now in cbs news and
others hyping this guy like a hero going well it is wrong and i guess it is good to shoot them you
know shoot somebody's daughter to get back at their dad i mean what do you make of that psy-op
now i guess that leftist terrorism because he's a gun grabber this is something good yeah it's
very tempting to have some sympathy for the suspect in this case and frankly his case does
seem like it needs to be examined but his actions in in slaying innocent people the daughter of a
police officer and her fiance that has no moral value i have no sympathy for that at all and let
me clarify my position what i was referring to earlier i do not uh want to engage in a shooting
war with my fellow americans in this country i think that would be the absolute worst case
scenario if it does come down to that i'm pretty sure what the outcome is going to be but if that
does happen there's going to be traumatized generations that is going to take a long time
to get over it's going to it's going to be it's not going to be good and i don't want that violence
is not what we are striving for and if we win the information war that we're all engaged in right
now we don't have to go to violence we don't have to use violence in self-defense because we win the
information war we bring the people over to our side they see the falsity of the system being
erected in front of them and they reject it so we are not even close to that we're still in the
first phase of resistance right now which is the ideological war in which you have termed and uh
basically owned as the information war well all i did was look at what the enemy did saying that
90 of pentagon operations were in full war and i took their term and turned it around to try to
restore the republic how do you see things going for the globalists right now i mean i see them
carrying out their global takeover but it's not happening in a vacuum and people are way more
awake than they thought we would be and their own internal white papers admit this yes the uh the
they're not keeping up with the curve the learning curve that the people are engaged in in the
information where we are waking up we are learning people are the human brain is talking to to itself
like uh no other time in recorded history learning things about itself learning things about what is
going on learning things about our respective systems that we live under seeing the similarities
say hey uh my system's corrupt too your system is corrupt what are we doing here let's come up with
something else let's come up with something that works uh so that's happening we're talking having
that dialogue that discussion and they are they are behind we are winning in this because you see
the desperation the very fact that they are engaging in atrocity at sandy hook at tucson
and other places tells you that they are desperate these are the actions of basically a serial
murdering system when pushed to extremes when stressed will lash out and seek blood to teach
us to love them so they can play the part of the hero exactly exactly and something about this
dorner case is it reminds me of the like the so-called sympathy being joined up by the media
like i said it's very tempting to be sympathetic to the man and and part of me is but i have no
sympathy for his value in slaying and taking innocent life but it reminds me of in the 1960s
and 70s actually when um marxist groups were were actually advocating shooting cops on the street in
order to make cops more antagonistic towards the citizenry and therefore creating a cultural divide
between the police and the citizenry so this could be a divide and conquer attack you're right i've
forgotten about that that's why going back about five six years i would get more angry at the police
not realizing it was a globalist tactic having them act like goons to create the divide of us
against them when instead we need to be engaging them and waking them up and getting them back to
american standards let's talk about how to defeat this and what you see on the radar screen and
phone calls with holland van den newenhoff i'm alex jones with info wars.com we're on the march
the empire's on the run alex jones and the gcn radio network
looking back on 2012 i know personally i'm thanking god that my family and i made it
through the year from natural disasters like hurricane sandy and the devastating summer drought
to the family hardships brought on by a disastrous economy our hearts go out to those that have lost
everything my friends at e-foods direct hear from customers every day that are fortunate to weather
life's storm by having a supply of food on hand danny from new york city wrote in following
hurricane sandy and said almost all the grocery stores are closed but i managed to get my e-foods
just in time to be able to help my sister and my niece bottom line it's better to be prepared
10 years too early than one day too late heed common sense's warning and do what i've done call
800-409-5633 today or go to efoods direct.com forward slash alex they have the best tasting
long-term storable food on the planet call 800-409-5633 and ask about the alex jones special
or go to efoods direct.com forward slash alex get self-sufficient today call 800-409-5633
or efoods direct.com forward slash alex now that we have moved into the winter season
there is an increased need to support our immunity and health at silver lungs we are committed to
meeting your needs by providing a full selection of silver based products our most popular silver
based products are the 32 ounce nano silver solutions our two ounce nano silver nasal
applicators as well as our all-natural silver soaps just released is our 100% natural silver
gel our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents which quickly evaporate and leave
the silver at the surface but rather we have formulated our silver gel using the natural
skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering
the silver more effectively visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find
what silver based products are best for you that's www.silverlungs.com it's no secret that pathogens
such as bacteria viruses moles and fungus can inflict severe damage in the human body fortunately
a new and vastly improved silver solution has been developed supernatural silver is a revolutionary
broad spectrum antibacterial antiviral antifungal solution that can be used inside the body as well
as on the skin supernatural silver is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers using a
patented technology that is highly effective against coals flus infections food poisoning
and yeast in addition to many other pathogens supernatural silver is scientifically supported
extremely safe and is the number one choice of thousands of people for immune system support
find out how supernatural silver could change your life go to supernaturalsilver.com and use
the promo code healthy for 20% off that's supernaturalsilver.com and like us on facebook
waging war on corruption it's alex jones coming to you live from the front lines
of the info war all right i want to start going to your phone calls here in a few minutes they'll
be all over the map but that's fine our guests can speak to it all 800-259-9231
holland van den newenhoff filmmaker talk show host former marine rifle squad leader looking at this
they've tried to create a militarized culture with the police where the public is seen as the enemy
but it's now public the cia brings in most the drugs with the big banks it's now public
the government runs al-qaeda it's now public but but not known by the general public it's
admitted but not known but with the intelligentsia it is and so they have real trouble coming out
and attacking myself and others talking about false flags now as they try to flip the script
onto gun owners veterans and the rest of us do you see any scenario where chris dorner
who says he reportedly loves obama loves piers morgan and people hate the police so much in
southern california and they a lot of them are pretty bad out there i've actually met some pretty
nice ones too that they're saying yeah let's kill more cops i'm seeing this all over facebook
twitter it's being left up i mean we posted a video about about uh 3d printable gun cartridges
or or uh gun magazines clips whatever you want to call them and you know youtube's removing that
doesn't even really show how to make it uh if i make fun of some globalist professor they remove
by video but people can be up there saying let's kill cops and nothing happens and again they want
to get black versus white old versus young i've got some clips of that coming up in a moment
but never american people against globalist or hey why does my tax money go to foreign banks
so i see it as desperate divide and conquer and they want to get a shooting war started somehow
i guess to forever get the police to see the public as an enemy but i think fundamentally
even though the globalists have a lot of good tacticians and people they think as they're
being landed in helicopters and things on air force one that they're going to be able to
negotiate this and win this i really see them doing what hitler and others did you know turning
east into russia or or are biting off you know more than they can chew or you know the romans
getting run out of northern england by the scots and then building that wall there i mean i really
see them miscalculating but i don't want the miscalculation to happen but then if they do
go ahead and start the civil war that'll be the quickest way to bring it to its end but
what are points you want to make on that rant and other points we haven't gotten to yet
well looking at the actions that this government is undertaking the purchasing of
tremendous amounts of firearms and ammunition of police state technology one could only conclude
that they are indeed preparing for civil unrest they're not buying billions of rounds of ammunition
to fight al-qaeda here in the united states that is not happening who are they preparing for well
the other enemy is the american people now they know that they are preparing for civil unrest
they know that trying to forcibly disarm the american people would would would provoke
violence uh that's they have probably calculated that that cannot be ruled out therefore they are
betting on it and oftentimes when in a bad situation it's better just to put your foot
on the gas and drive it towards its ultimate culmination point and so they know it's going
to get violent so they are doubling down on dealing with the violence the fact is that
the american people must be disarmed for this uh control grid to advance to the next state because
right now uh we're starting to grumble we're starting to grumble and we're still armed we're
also grumbling because this government is telling us that we should disarm ourselves so um the
confrontation may come and they know it so they're going to do it on their terms that's right they're
going to strike first exactly they know what's going to come so they're not going to wait for
a random chance to throw their calculations are where we have a real lesson center concord
and they're clearly in the wrong they want to strike first but frame it like they didn't strike
first yes they said this time and time again when karl rove boasted to the media about creating
reality he was talking about staging events and therefore altering the course of events after
that therefore you create reality this is what they teach each other staging events to create
reality they know this is going to happen so they will stage something they staged everything else
thus far with the gun control agenda in mind sandy hook was scripted tucson was certainly scripted
fast and furious was run by the same that's right you instantly see the scripting people ask how we
know and how we get proven right over and over again you instantly see the scripting yes in
tucson when that happened the first piece of news was the sheriff saying this was because of
the political atmosphere i didn't even know who was dead yet and then we see at sandy hook when
i turned on the news the first thing i heard was a police spokesman saying this was the result
of access to firearms i don't even know what's going on yet how many people are dead or what's
going on but they're telling me why this occurred you see the script running concurrently with the
event unfolding that tells you that script is laying on someone's desk ready to be read
well humanity doesn't awaken until we're under pressure people are adapting they are improvising
and the globalists should look at the mass of zombies and think we're all weak there's a large
percentage of us that are not zombies and just because you've neutralized most the public into
mindless gibbering idiots you know arrested development morons doesn't mean you've gotten
a lot of us and they need to understand that exactly exactly a lot of us are awake i mean
it's it's it's almost scary how many people are awake alex when when we are changed oklahoma
goes out onto the highway and holds a google building 7 banner across the highway during
uh high traffic high traffic times i i'm not exaggerating fully 10 of the cars are honking
in support probably half the truckers now a lot of people are awake and they just they they they
they're not advertising it they're not you know talking they know what's going on but they just
choose not to engage and frankly i don't know if that's necessarily a bad thing but they they are
awake they know what's going on that's a giant mass of hidden force exactly and if something
comes down the pike that perhaps this massive force finds a bit objectionable they may just
and if we can convince them uh effect a critical mass you know what's going on it's time for you
right now in this day and moment right now to draw a line in the sand make your stand and say
no more you're going to compromise me out of my destiny my entire life but at this point
i'm going to say no because once we cross this line there is no going back and my children
children will never experience the freedom that i did growing up in this country that we were
and by the way i've said i'm not turning my guns into my line in the sand is there it is good and
human and fundamental to commit to something and stop being afraid ladies and gentlemen they're
already soft killing us creeping around turning up the ambient manipulation we need to just
accelerate this not the physical end they're going to do that we need to accelerate the info
war now every day before this war kicks off we've got to use the info war exactly and this is a
process we make our stand every day with the choices we make once you wake up you start making
choices what what you're going to do with your day where you're going to spend your money what
you're going to do with your energy if you're going to spend four hours watching tv if you're
going to disengage from those matrix those are little stands we make every day every month in our
in the information war that we know we're pulling away from them that's why they're desperate to get
us to come back and it's not happening and as we make these stands make these decisions that will
give us the strength and the character that when the decision becomes more dire more consequences
we've already made these decisions before we've paid little prices before and we we were proud
of our decisions before now we're being given a bigger choice are we going to make a stand here
yes we are because we've already been through this process we're evolving we're trying to fight back
and we're going to say no i am not going to go quietly into the night i am not going to turn in
my firearms for better or worse that is not going to happen that's right and and notice they've now
backed off and obama's out with guns and morgan's out with guns piers morgan they're like we never
wanted your guns as soon as they lose an offense they pull back and say there was never a fight
because they don't want us getting together and massing ourselves they don't want us forming
organizations they want us and of course that's a military tactic as well they don't want to give
us any kind of even ideological victory uh for example in california after 1990 when president
bush senior outlawed uh assault rifles in that state there was a massive non-compliance people
were not turning in firearms that was not reported in the news because that would tell you that their
people were not complying with the law it was like 99 people were not turning in their firearms that's
just not going to happen they're not going to grant us these ideological victories in the
mainstream media we just like when we say we're going to have an opt-out week they just turn the
body scanners off they're not gonna let us know we have power exactly but we can see beyond that
because we're not paying attention to their mainstream propaganda see we're we are fighting
the fight we're not the bystanders the the mainstream audience watching tv we are fighting
the fight we see the the how well that's the essence once you realize they're cold-blooded
lying enemies you know just like that big gun shop owner listened to morgan he lied to him about
everything and the guy just said i can't believe he lied like that you kept your word that if i
let you go under you'd be polite i said i didn't want to but i kept my word uh people said well
why were you nice because i gave somebody my word my point is is that you need to understand folks
they're not well-meaning liberals these are not liberals these are cold-blooded people using
psychological tactics anthropology and sociology tactics who see you as an animal or as a tribe
they're observing that's how they describe us and and we don't we're observing you too
you know you little chicken necks this is a bunch of professors and technocrats who hate real men
hate families that's why they're ideal they're a bunch of weaklings i'm telling you folks it's
an army of nerds running this thing okay i don't mean there's a lot of nice nerds too but i mean
it's an army of sycophantic nerds running this who literally think we're like a bunch of villagers
they're watching from a spaceship i got news for you you're not god okay and we know what
you've done you little turkeys we're coming after you yeah it's herd management that's how they
consider they cull the herd from time to time so they can reap its wealth but the herd is becoming
sentient we got internet now and we're realizing that we have uh herd masters and we are going
we're breaking away we're breaking down the fences we don't care what you say or do anymore
we don't even want to fight you we just want to get off the reservation no longer be under your
control we're not looking for a fight here if you will if you just want to give up your control
system that's fine that's not going to happen history dictates it won't um but hopefully you
will wake up too i mean we need to engage the enemy also talk to them and i'm not just talking
about police officers i talk to police officers all the time and frankly most of them are some of
the most upstanding human beings ever met in my life but there's a good number of them out there
who are corrupt and the other police officers they're in a paramilitary organization they're
used to following orders they will tolerate that stuff in order to further their own careers and
their own security and that of their families it is good people tolerating evil within their ranks
we need to engage the police and we need to engage those who are trying to control us
we don't need to do this these are these are old ideals of managing the human herd calling it we
can come up with better solutions their system is obsolete and their their resort to violence
is indicative of the fact that their system is obsolete you're right the reason they're
panicking and in an arms race against us is they're losing the infall war folks they're
losing on every front because their own minions have now figured out wait i'm in the crosshairs
of this too yeah and we need to ascertain the nature of the threat against us like you said
alex we need to know we're not just facing liberals who hate america that's just not
we're facing we're facing a funded propaganda arm called the media cnn that is part of the pentagon
and national security state they've been owned since the first gulf war that's not hippies that's
the foreign banks that run our government yeah it's not hippies who hate america i mean they're
the tools but the guys pulling the trigger they wear suits and they they don't go to potluck
suppers they eat at five-star hotels absolutely and they're all eugenicist it's incredible i want
to play a clip here because in the divide and conquer i knew they'd try to put obama in to
create racial division bring obama in the name of unity so a bunch of you know white people vote
for him again not that mccain was good either total globalist the fact is it's staged it's
rigged the whole thing and then now i've never seen it without even trying to look for it
i mean it is the most fashionable thing to say whites are dumb whites are stupid whites are ugly
whites are pathetic you know the white men can't jump thing but times a hundred to make whites not
like black people i mean i mean see see black front men like jamie fox are out there not knowing
why they're encouraged to do all this by the system believe me folks that's all vetted and
scripted they think it's all part of a big joke it's meant to create division and i want to play
this clip and then ask you why they want that division then we're going to go to another clip
and then phone calls for corbin and others that are holding let's go to this clip of jamie fox
chris rock and others here it is uh jango unchained i play a slave uh how black is that
and uh in the movie i have to wear chains um how whack is that but don't don't don't be worried
about it because i get out the chains i get free i save my wife and i kill all the white people
in the movie how great is that and how black is that uh i am just here to support the president
of the united states president united states is you know our boss but he's also you know
the president and the first lady are kind of like the mom and the dad of the country
and when your dad says something you listen and when you don't it usually bites you in the ass
later on black people are the most talented people in the world i it's i can't explain it
you can't sit in this room and not watch gladys knight sing and go like golly what in the world
in the world now what if david duke got up and said white people are the most
talented people in the world well he does uh but the issue here is what this is a major
psy-op folks because it's everywhere where you don't like big government won't turn your guns
in you're a racist so stuff that isn't racist is called racist and things that are racist are pushed
and again it's meant to create some type of bizarre clash um holland van den newenhoff what
is your take on this psy-op what do you think they're trying to do well it's definitely divide
and conquer and this kind of sentiment that jamie fox and chris rock are are um subjecting us to it's
it's infantile this is not uh we don't play with building blocks anymore we're in the adult world
and uh and adults don't view things in terms of racial matters i don't view my interactions with
society in terms of racial politics or now it's about ideas and what people stand for yeah and
and i'm not even i'm racially indistinct so i really have no dog in the hunt but these are all
just it's infantiles divide and conquer and frankly i don't are people really buying this
this black and white divide anymore i mean it just it just seems so outdated but i guess it is
working because that's what the media is pushing and we see it time and time again people are
falling for and we see a lot of people right now under president obama we saw this under president
bush for eight years under president bush liberals were my best friends in the world because for
i was talking smack on the bush administration so were they as soon as president obama became
president i was they literally we were stabbed in the back several times we were sabotaged and so
forth by our erstwhile friends now we're seeing a a pendulum swing now we're seeing a lot of
republican so-called right wingers talking about revolution and wow the constitution the bill of
rights and so forth well they were completely silent for eight years exactly it isn't about
republican democrat uh identity politics or black or white but see even though we're not into
identity politics it's real because they've gotten the illegals and then other hispanic supporters
to say get rid of the borders or you're racist against hispanics and i'm like what pay for
everybody's babies and go bankrupt and then the illegals vote to take my guns you see so they
force you into they've because even if you don't want to operate at that level a lot of these
groups are operating as an identity group yeah i don't want to be talking about race but apparently
i have to in the 21st century still well that's the plan it's total instead of talking about the
globalist i want to go out to break with this clip and come back with calls here's a clip of al
sharpen going hey don't worry about the second amendment we got drones here it is i mean if you
look at the second amendment it was that you would have militia to protect yourself in case the
government came and attacked citizens first of all if the government were to come to disarm you you
would not be able to use an automatic weapon to defend yourself let's be serious we're in a world
of drones now so the second amendment would not help you in that area that's enough everybody's
laughing and i get this when i'm on socialist globalist shows they go we got the drones ah
because they know it's about power really you got the drones with dorner how's that helping you out
there inside of california and that's not working so well for yeah i mean it's all just a bunch of
crud okay the will to kill is what it's all about i don't even need weapons i can kill people
all day long and so can anybody else we'll be right back with your phone call stay with us
hello i'm alex jones myself my family the info wars.com team want to relay to you and your
families that we are intensifying our efforts against the globalist on every front info wars.com
is leading the fight against the technocrats but we can't do that without your help by getting the
films bumper stickers and t-shirts and info wars.com you will wake up people in your area
and support our operation as we move to the next level we need your help to spread the word like
never before they wish to hide themselves during this tectonic battle between the forces of freedom
and darkness you are the response to the globalist technocrats and their program of global eugenics
dehumanization and ultimate extermination the war is here it's an info war the spirit of 1776
versus the mindset of 1984. we all know that berkey water purification systems are the most
trusted name in water filtration as an authorized berkey dealer for over six years in serving
thousands of satisfied customers the berkey guy offers amazing specials for berkey water
filtration systems the berkey light systems include a set of self-sterilizing and re-cleanable
black purification elements that purify water by removing chlorine pathogenic bacteria cyst
and parasites to non-detectable levels and remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides and pesticides
order the berkey light system today complete with two black berkey elements for only 231
dollars and the berkey guy will ship your order free of charge with the purchase of a berkey light
the berkey guy is also offering a set of fluoride and arsenic filters for only $39.99 that's over 30
percent off the retail price call the berkey guy at 1-877-886-3653 that's 1-877-886-3653 or order
online at goberky.com that's goberky.com today injuries slow healing aches and pains constipation
weakness fatigue are all common the older one gets the progressive deterioration of the body that
occurs almost universally the older one gets can partly to significantly be prevented with
conscientious attention to nutrition if the hansa men can play rugby in their 90s then it is possible
for everyone in north america to experience a more youthful life as well one key ingredient to
warding off aging and reversing some of it is the type and quality of protein consumed all protein
foods or supplements you currently consume are heat damaged destroying 50 to 75 percent of your
ability to utilize the body building amino acids one world way is not heat damaged and allows your
body to utilize 100 percent of the amino acids this feat no one else has achieved the results
to your health can be amazing call 888-988-3325 that's 888-988-3325 or visit one world way.com
that's one world w-h-e-y.com waging war on corruption alex jones on the gcm radio network
if you go to mfallwarstore.com you can get the film that was written and researched and produced
in part by holland vanda newenhof and obel lie oklahoma city 1995 to understand this has got
police officers that were threatened with murder by the fbi they exposed the bombs in the building
i mean it's an unbelievable film mfallwarstore.com or by calling 888-25-33139
and don't forget we take the money when you buy books videos t-shirts you name it put it back
into the news organization back into doing more we're having the 115 000 film contest our biggest
contest ever go to mfallwars.com forward slash contest to find out you still got two and a half
months to finish the short film long film whatever you want to win the hundred thousand
second place gets ten thousand third place five thousand but the real thing is that top
group of people we're going to interview you and talk to you about coming to work at mfallwars
with films i produce an army because film is one of the most effective weapons we've got
and so we're just going 110 here this is personal for us once you realize you got a bunch of crazy
killers running stuff and you're risking your life to fight them you got to go 110 so be part
of operation paul revere at mfallwars.com forward slash contest and buy the books the videos the
materials theprisonplanet.tv memberships to support us and spread the word about the broadcast
and our local m&m affiliates corbin in west virginia what a trooper holding sorry about that
you're on the air go ahead hello alex how are you doing today good god bless you go ahead
i'm an orient here in west virginia and i just want to bring up some mental health issues
and the uses of the ssris the maos and the tios i work here at this hospital i'm not
going to name it because of all the laws and regulations that i'm supposed to uphold
but i work in this hospital and we feed these kids these drugs daily and they're very violent
i'm going to say that working on one of the violent levels of this hospital most of them
are 13 14 years old alex i asked the doctor the other day because i'm really getting sick
of taking care of these kids i said what is the scope of treatment here actually because i see
nothing being done they say we're trying to make them feel remorse for the things that they've done
and like i said i'm not going to name some things but i want you just to imagine the worst
psycho killer movie you could imagine and that's what a 13 year old sweating their three-year-old
sister's throat yes sir i mean and it gets you know uh rape and everything else just the things
i've heard and how well thought out it is i said what is the scope of treatment here doctor he said
well we're trying to make them feel remorse well i start talking to these kids alex i do my own
thing because like i said i'm a nurse i'm supposed to be looking out for their health as well
well i asked him i said how do you feel on these medications what does it make you do uh is it
working for you they all tell me the same thing no it's worse i said well what happens what's your
signs and symptoms well i had this one kid the other day tell me that the past three years he's
had the same dream of this same girl that lives on his street well here's the thing alex as a
juvenile in the state of west virginia your papers are not to be reviewed or brought to you in a court
of law against you you can't tell people that when he gets out he's planning to go stab this girl
that's exactly alex what i'm saying here's the thing when he turns 18 we have to release from
that day and then we have to wait until he commits a crime to bring him back in and again they grab
these kids when they're bad in school when they're eight put them on psychotropics and then they
become demons with the video games the culture if you believe in spiritualism it's basically a drug
that allows demons to take control of your mind regardless it's causing them to kill let's get
holland's take on this we're gonna do 20 minutes 30 minutes of overdrive maybe an hour overdrive
this is so important can you stay with us holland yes i can okay i want to keep going to calls we're
going to and stay there uh corbin i'm going to bring you back after the break but a quick comment
on what he just said well yeah the system is self-sustaining we see the drugs being used to
turn our children into psychopathic killers and then are not being treated and they go on to
commit crimes thus justifying everything that is being inflicted upon us and their answer from
sandy hook and this is more mental health more kids on drugs which will cause more of the mass
shooting and then more mental health more drugs but it's brave new world 1984 they're playing out
the script unbelievable and it says on the insert makes you do this it's it's not a conspiracy theory
all right fourth hour transmission continues thank you for listening to gcn visit gcnlive.com today
you prepare by purchasing gold food and firearms but if you don't have a home security system
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection
when you're sleeping or away from home who's watching out for intruders check out simply safe
it's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless go to get simply
safe.com simply safe is independent and off the grid it runs on battery power so even if the grid
goes down you're protected it's completely customizable so you can use it in your home
business boat trailer storage unit or shed get simply safe.com simply safe is also ridiculously
easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes so there's no need to let a stranger into your home
if you move or need to relocate you can take the system with you wherever you go you aren't always
at home but simply safe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day
seven days a week again that's get simply safe.com coast to coast direct from austin
you're listening to the alex jones broadcasting network network
big brother mainstream media government cover-ups you want answers well so does he
he's alex jones on the gcn radio network and now live from austin texas alex jones
all right we are live lunging into hour number four and it is the
11th day of february 2013 and our guest is holland van denuenhopper taking phone calls
listen they use the national security state to cover up their crimes and they selectively use
the medical privacy issues that when you've got people adjudicated you know 13 14 15
as psychopathic killers on the drugs of course uh you know already abused and things then put
on drugs that take away their inhibition the the violent culture the way it's glorified
and the good news is i have my second amendment that when one of these guys gets out when he's
18 years old wants to come to my house well i'm just going to be waiting on them not worried about
it oh got a crazy bust in the door meet mr uh semi-auto shotgun but you see the globalist hate
this they're criminals at heart and they want a system where their children their little demons
they've wrecked can have fun with us that's what the jackabins uh the elusiferians the illuminati
and the french revolution that they basically created and hijacked they said well you know the
journey is the destination raping killing burning murdering overturning god's creation that's what
they're looking for the genetic engineering the splicing all of this but i want to go back to
corbin in this short segment and get holland van den newenhopp's take and then more calls from
leaf and others in the next segment corbin uh what else is going on there so so so you're saying the
common theme is they're on the psychotropic drugs oh yes sir uh it goes beyond that i mean uh and
to be honest like you just said uh coming to your house people need to understand this alex and like
i said i really had no other way to get this out here without you know ruining my license but the
you have to understand i'm talking i was on one level alex there's 30 kids up there they're all
from two counties this is you know uh one of the bigger hospitals in my state but they have to be
just they have to really think that they're in a high place to really think that these kids don't
live next door to you and once they take your guns away and things and like i said just like you said
what are you going to do when 12 year old kenny has been watching you because alex they they really
it's scary they wait three months it's all about power it's all about the ownership they watch they
know what you do it's just like what you're saying with the government they see you i've had people
tell me they know when mommy and daddy get off work and they know when playtime is listen it's
demonic it's demonic the whole culture is being given over and the chemicals and everything that
the chemicals and everything is turning them over but then there's the spiritual overlay this is a
very demonic plan uh god bless you sir and please call us back you should do a youtube video but
again just don't say where you work all of you need to not wait and just call in here you need
to get out and warn others uh holland your take on that chilling phone call well it reminds me uh
perhaps uh some say the ultimate plan of satan if one believes that is to take god's creation
and destroy it in front of him uh perhaps that's a play there's always unknowns at work and where
we do see a spiritual aspect to this uh this is spiritual warfare where it's it's warfare at every
level they want to own our souls they want to destroy this and when you actually look at just
uh look at demonic possession not as a literal fact but look at what the what the methodology is
in trying to get someone under the at least in the theology under the influence of a demon it's
pretty much propagandizing them uh traumatizing them it's everything that's being done to the
american citizens to make us not a whole person to to leave us a shell of a person that get to be
filled by whatever trash that the control system wants to shove down our throat to keep us happy
slaves to keep the the herd fat and happy while they capitalize off of our flesh absolutely the
only thing they can take over is to turn our children into manifest demons whether that
means decadence or not caring or or being nihilistic or being flat out psychos and
they're going to take a lot of them and turn them into cops i mean it's it's it's a folks
you ain't seen nothing yet and that's why people need to realize just how serious this situation is
more phone calls straight ahead we'll get to uh leaf and we'll get to uh well scott is after
leaf and then we'll get to joshua chet ron and others your calls all straight ahead
this is real radio folks we're talking about the real world and yes reality is
a lot stranger than fiction isn't it yeah it sure is hello i'm alex jones myself my family the info
by getting the films bumper stickers and t-shirts at infowars.com you will wake up people in your
area and support our operation as we move to the next level we need your help to spread the word
like never before they wish to hide themselves during this tectonic battle between the forces
of freedom and darkness you are the response to the globalist technocrats and their program
of global eugenics dehumanization and ultimate extermination the war is here it's an info war
the spirit of 1776 versus the mindset of 1984. hello this is ty bolinger author of the best
selling book cancer step outside the box i want you to know some very important information
in 1985 president ronald reagan requested that carnivora be sent directly to the white house
at a time when only the president could obtain this world-class healer now 27 years later
carnivore capsules are used around the world to keep people healthy now you can protect yourself
and your loved ones in this age of superbugs with 17 naturally occurring compounds that instinctively
respond to abnormal cells only without harming a single normal cell if you want to stay healthy now
is your chance to literally wake up your critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders that don't
belong in your body call 1-866-VENUSFLY or order from carnivora.com that's c-a-r-n-i-v-o-r-a.com
that's 1-866-836-8735 1-866-VENUSFLY or visit carnivora.com protect your immune system it's
the only one you've got valentine's day is this week and pro flowers is offering an amazing last
minute deal one dozen gorgeous red roses plus a free glass vase a free teddy bear and a free box
of chocolates for just $39.99 go to proflowers.com click on the radio microphone in the upper right
corner and enter the secret code 9696 but hurry valentine's day is this thursday and this incredible
deal expires wednesday most roses will be sold out by valentine's day so order now from pro
flowers to get huge savings and guaranteed valentine's delivery one dozen stunning red
roses sent fresh from the field guaranteed to stay fresh and beautiful for at least seven
full days plus a free vase free teddy bear and free chocolates all for only $39.99 but hurry
because it could be nearly impossible to find roses on valentine's day and this incredible
last minute deal expires wednesday the only way to get this amazing deal is to visit proflowers.com
click on the microphone in the upper right corner and enter the secret code 9696 that's secret code
9696 big brother mainstream media government cover-ups you want answers well so does he
he's alex jones on the gcn radio network and now live from austin texas alex jones joining us
right now we were talking in the last hour is holland van den newenhof one of the writers
directors and researchers of a noble lie excellent film exposing government-sponsored terror that we
carry at info war store.com i'm gonna go right to your phone calls here in a moment but even
though we're mentally waking up even though we see people finally getting out of their coma
it's not enough i mean the tyranny has gotten cartoon level but the the the globalists and
their minions are drinking their own kool-aid as well uh they try to project this image of
all-powerful but southern california is paralyzed and the police are gripped in catatonic fear over
something statistically still it's very very uh remote that they'll be killed by one of their
own supposedly but they the globalists are able to shut down our economy they are able to selectively
enforce taxes george washington of course famously said the power to tax is the power to destroy
and this is economic warfare transferring our jobs to china de-industrializing the u.s
putting in carbon taxes that everybody else is exempt from obama raising taxes on the poorest
americans totally cold-blooded but it's okay because he loves them he's liberal uh i mean
just the con games how do you get around the economic shutdown well you start buying locally
whenever you can you start growing a garden you start making those choices you start supporting
the mom and pops aggressively and it doesn't mean you're always perfect and won't sometimes you know
sometimes you don't have a choice but we better like you said the little battles every day
uh because this is serious business holland vandenewen off comments on that uh yes definitely
as for the economy yeah you need to start planning now because once the economy fails which it will
on purpose or contrived most likely they will simply trigger the crisis because they know it's
going to come anyway and they want to control it they have they know that the old system is
collapsing it's a it was built in the 19th century it's old and the timbers are creaking they have a
new high-tech dam ready a 21st century dam to contain the waters of the people uh once the old
uh once the old system fails they have that ready and when the chaos caused by the the collapse of
the old system we will be begging for their new control system but to avoid that we we need to
avoid uh being uh hungry enough to have to make that choice and that means coming up with support
systems now engaging your local economy now engaging alternative currencies now so when we do
have to engage in alternative currencies and bartering and acquiring local food sources we're
not uh guessing we already have an established system you already have a network you have a
community that you can go to well said well said just realizing evil predators are in control
and withdrawing your consent and your support even verbally and really not hating these people
but realizing they're a danger just like a highway by your house is a danger to your children i mean
being aware that that's the danger over there uh and not being scared of it but but being steadfast
and any opportunity you have to hurt the system anytime you've got a way to expose it because it's
a cancer the system is destroying our constitutional system it's the imposter
we are the counter-revolutionaries leaf in oregon thanks for holding your on the air
hello yes sir go ahead hi first time caller long time listener thanks alex for all your info no
no thank you thank you don't thank me go ahead um i'm a little nervous so excuse me if i stumble
um i want to talk about some of the crazy stuff we're learning in our psychology class
that's okay well you're learning that men inherently are all rapists in bed you're
learning that world government's good are you learning about how you're a racist as well
well basically they're indoctrinating us into this whole new religion of psychology and social
darwinism and so what we're learning right now we're learning about um we're reading the descent
of a man by uh charles darwin yep and what's blew me away i couldn't believe this he actually says
in his book that only a small percentage of people are evolving and these are the evolutionary elite
and he calls the rest of us evolutionary retarded yeah you know i i'd read that quote he wrote a
couple books which book was that uh the descent of man yep yeah and not only that he he even goes on
to say i'm paraphrasing here he says that if the the evolutionary elite allow their sons and
daughters to breed with the evolutionary retarded it'd be the end of humanity so this is insight
insight into their mindset right there and this gives them justification and reasoning for you
no no no 160 years ago or whatever he wrote that his cousin galton picks it up the royalty all
here is we're elite we're going to set up we're going to develop the science we're going to
discover why we're all inbred and dying and we're going to get rid of all these people and it's all
off malthus 100 years before that that's what the end game covers but no no that's what they teach
again they're not liberals and again they said we can't give our genetics to the general public
we just got to kill them so see and then they say anybody who is upstanding and not of their blood
line that's the number one enemy so see it's even a lie there are a bunch of people that want a
monopoly on the future we own the future we are the future as obama says tell us what else they're
saying we'll get holland's take on it well it's just insane i'm taking i'm getting my degree in
i'm getting my degree in computer information systems and why am i taking this class in
psychology why is it required no no they make you listen that's part of what woke me up in just the
first classes i took at community college because i wasn't sure i even wanted to go to college i
was working two jobs and uh you know it knew it was a scam so i went to community and they said
first classes psychology sociology anthropology and uh texas history of all things i guess in
texas and every class was whites are the devil and evil uh men are bad the family is bad world
government's good we're going to take your guns we're going to reduce population and then i'd go
turn on c-span hearings about how the extremist conspiracy theorist and militias believe there
was a plan to take over and do everything i saw being taught keep going go ahead well it's
insanity they even they even get into religion and they talk about how well religion's not a
real theory because you can't prove it wrong so don't even discuss that with people like you
like you shouldn't even talk about it and then furthermore you can just look at um charles
darwin's book what is it called the eva um the origin of species the full title of that book is
the origin of species or the preservation of the favored races right there i mean that's just in
plain sight and i mean so far college has been pretty good i've learned a whole bunch of stuff
it's really opened my mind but as soon as i got into this psychology after listening to you since
basically end game it was just it just made perfect sense oh here's their whole reasoning
behind everything eugenics world control listen my dad was top of his class and this happens to
everybody that's top of their class in high school they they take you to a special academy
and a major university then they test the rest of them then they call you behind closed doors
and they say you want to join the new world order i mean you know we're going to take over we're
going to exterminate almost everybody i mean that's what i'm saying folks this is this is real
this is all that's going on people need to understand this everyone who's got they i've
been approached you know to join the new world order i mean this is a real deal ladies and
gentlemen okay i mean it's horrible i appreciate your call you should do videos about it you should
write a book about it you should expose it you should write a paper about it you have to engage
it everywhere and remember they play this mind game of we don't say that there's no world
government well you say right here you want a world government oh you're mentally ill you're
like they're it's called gaslighting it's a psychological warfare technique uh holland your
take on what he was just saying oh definitely social darwinism was uh nothing new it's merely
just a uh a development to justify old attitudes about their position uh going back to plateaus
republic the reference in a noble lie of course the documentary that's being sold in the info shop
but social darwinism was merely just an invention to justify the elites position they were asking
themselves why do we have this power to control society how should we use it well we are the
elect we're the elite by nature of our position this ancient brahmach class system uh uh anyways
so they use social darwinism as justification francis gaulton who publicized darwin was a
member of the elite darwin was a member of the elite the huxleys uh publicized darwinism to the
full extent possible well they were related to him they did a five family inner breeding study
to create the superman all it created was stillborn dead babies exactly exactly they've
been involved in this from the beginning like i said i keep on saying herd management that that's
just a metaphor but that's oftentimes it's very applicable and they are trying to breed the best
elect they can and they're trying to breed out any kind of sense of independence uh self-actualization
out of the general population because that's simply uh it's economically unfeasible you
can't take that into account people they want us ugly they want us dumb see the low-level eugenics
is we're going to make everybody better that's not what it is exactly it is to breed a servile class
and a controlling class and that's not the point of when they get all the robots in place then
they're just going to get rid of everybody in their own words that's happening right now the
braid great brit has just developed a robot drone that's going to fly uh over to its target in
afghanistan by itself and choose its own targets and the u.s has already come out well they had
them 20 years ago but now they're admitting it to the slaves chet in texas you're on the air
thanks for holding go ahead hi alex holland how are you guys today i guess we're all right we're
exposing the master plan hope folks are listening yes sir this is the first time i've ever called
and i've actually just been uh you know checking out your videos and and following you and sorry
i missed you when you're in katie which is pretty close to where i live um i like to consider myself
a true patriot i'm what you would call the um uh you know i joined the military at 18
served fought in desert storm did three more tours in iraq after that i'm obviously one of obama's
number one enemies because uh you know i've lost half my team while i was there and you know the
whole ptsd issue you know that we're going to be targets for him and his gun control issue has got
me greatly concerned and the primary reason is i see a lot of uh republicans nra and others saying
oh it's never going to happen it's never going to happen it's never going to happen the thing is is
obama really has his ducks in a row and he's out there on a major media campaign out in front of
people every day day in day out day in piers morgan you know a joke doing the same thing oh
yeah yeah obama care was never going to happen and the government would never openly admit they ran
al-qaeda but now it's happened i appreciate your call great points yeah holland we've come to this
point where now everything's really out in the open exactly exactly and it it's not it's not a
secret they acknowledge this this is talked about i mean the fact is they're openly like you said
uh supporting al-qaeda our state department in syria in libya and other countries in molly and
god knows where else this is literally 1984 and brave the world we have the drug force drugging
of the children which we've been discussing we have the the false dichotomy of left versus right
al-qaeda versus the united states that switches back and forth this is all being played out before
and we are fools if we're not going to recognize it's the global scientific technocrats against
all of humanity humanity must come together hit the film a noble lie at info war store dot com
