Big Brother, Mainstream Media, Government Cover-Ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
And a rousing good morning. Catherine Ulbrecht here. Fill it in for Alex Jones. Let's hope he gets a good,
well, a week of well-deserved rest. Alex Jones, on the front lines of liberty out there defending our rights,
out there fighting against the globalists and the folks like Piers Morgan who would take away your guns
and your rights and all of your freedoms. Well, even Alex Jones, hard to believe because it's hard to believe
that man ever gets tired or ever rests, but we're encouraging him. Hey, get a back rub. Take a little break.
So I'm sitting in with you. I will be with you today, Monday. This is March 4th, 2013. I'll also be with you
Tuesday and Friday as well. And you may know me, my radio program broadcast not long after Alex is on the
same network, the GCN Network. Catherine Ulbrecht is my name. I've been a regular guest on Alex's show in the
past. And you probably know me either as the RFID lady or the privacy lady or maybe the lady who's out there
always telling you to get off of Google and make the switch over to StartPage, that private search engine we've
been talking about for a while. So it is my pleasure to be with you today. I've got a pretty exciting show lined up
for you. Alex said, hey, bring some of your best guests on. So I'm going to be doing that today. First hour, I
want to give you some updates from the news, bring a couple of things to your attention in terms of how the
technology is merging to create what I've been referring to as the giant, hey, you know, I've got a name for it.
How about the web? Ooh, the web. How about the net? Let's call it that. Trouble is that's what it's already called.
But if you put it all together, you realize that all of these technologies are combining to create prison walls,
whether it is a net, whether it is a web, whether it's a jail, whether it's a prison, lots of ways you can refer to
it. And the crazy part about this, I think our ancestors, especially back in the days of John sitting there on the
island of Patmos, taking down some dictation from the big guy in the sky in the book of Revelation, I think he
would have said, I can't imagine that anybody is going to welcome the changes that come about as this global
entity takes form. And yet we look around ourselves and we see that people are welcoming it with open arms. Isn't it
crazy? It's almost like there's a degree of discernment that some people have and a degree of discernment that
other people seem to not have ears at all to hear. But if you are listening to this radio program, if you're a
regular listener to Alex Jones or to my own show, then I'm guessing that you have ears to hear and you're feeling
something coming. Something. And that something that's coming when you really feel it down in your bones, it
probably gives you a little bit of a chill, maybe, maybe makes the hair stand up on the back of your neck. Well,
there's other people out there who are dancing with joy at the development of the encroaching technology. Several of
those folks out there, one of them, you'll get a kick out of this one, Justin Bieber. Yeah, any Justin Bieber fans
out there? Yeah, I didn't think so. Well, Justin Bieber's latest plan, he has actually been enlisted as one of many
of a long line of folks here, enlisted to promote and make cool, at least to his following, his fans, to make the
idea of embracing this future technology very cool. Yeah, Justin Bieber, he's actually marketing a prepaid card so
that kids will get away from using cash and move into using numbered payment systems. Give you more details on
that as we come back. I've got a break coming up here in just a moment. I also want to talk about how those spy
drones, turns out they've been in use now, spying on Americans for the last seven years. Yeah, we just started
hearing about these last year. But by the time we hear about it, usually this stuff's been around for a couple of
years at the very least. And even the seven years may be an understatement as to how long this stuff has been
going on. But yeah, we've got the drones now getting equipped with eavesdropping surveillance technology on
board. So not only can they spy on you and look through your window, but they'll also be able to listen to you.
All right, we'll be right back right after this break coming up. And then the final thing I want to talk about this
hour is national service. Yeah, you want to sign up for that? It's not compulsory military service they're promoting
now but compulsory public service. And guess who's going to be defining what that is? All right, I'm your host for
this today show at least Catherine Albrecht filling in for Alex, stay tuned. Introducing pro one all of your filtration in one system portable on the go no more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride, you have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing technology combined silver impregnated white ceramic with
new aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does it and out of the gates we have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexyl
get your pro pure with a new pro one filter today at info war store.com or by calling 88888888888888888888888.
It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus can inflict severe damage in the human body. Fortunately, a new and fastly improved silver solution has been developed. Supernatural silver is a revolutionary broad spectrum antibacterial antiviral antifungal solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin. Supernatural silver is unique to all of us.
Supernatural silver is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silver using a patented technology that is highly effective against colds, flus, infections, food poisoning and yeast in addition to many other pathogens. Supernatural silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe and is the number one choice of thousands of people for immune system support.
Find out how supernatural silver could change your life. Go to supernaturalsilver.com and use the promo code healthy for 20% off. That's supernaturalsilver.com and like us on Facebook.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed.
Go to getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes so there's no need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
We now take you live to the Central Texas Command Center in the heart of the resistance. You're listening to the Alex Jones Show.
Hey, hey, good morning. Catherine Albrecht here with you filling in for Alex Jones. He's taking a much needed break. I'll tell you, out there fighting on the front lines, he needs a little break so I'm going to be your guest today, tomorrow and Friday also of this week.
Giving you updates on the area of my expertise which is the issues of privacy, the encroaching technological, oh, I suppose you could call it the web or the net or the trap or the jail, lots of names you can give it. By the way, in Spanish, it's called la red which means the trap.
So isn't it crazy that this thing we call the internet, this web, this net has such an entrapment just built right into its name. One of the things that I've been long concerned about and anyone who's listened to my radio show over the last six years or followed my work since 1999, actually Alex is one of the folks who helped wake me up way back when, then you know that I'm extremely concerned about the elimination of cash.
Retail privacy, this idea that when you make a purchase, if you think about it, in the past, it used to be an issue of our parents needing the ability to grow food or have the ability to provide for themselves, maybe have some land, be able to put a roof over their heads.
Well, for us nowadays, it's less an issue of being able to plant crops on your own land. It's literally an issue of being able to walk into the grocery store and buy food.
And we know that historically, whenever governments have wanted to crack down on people, they do it by either rationing or eliminating altogether their ability to buy the things that they need to survive.
Well, there's an interesting story in the news out this week. We know that Justin Bieber, before you laugh too hard, note that he has more than 51 million friends on Facebook. I didn't even realize there were enough people of his age group to actually friend him down.
30 million Twitter followers say what you will about Justin Bieber. It is absolutely the case that he's got an immense following of young fans.
Well, guess what? The powers that be have decided to use Justin Bieber to promote. And this is going to blow your mind. He is marketing a prepaid payment card designed to promote responsible teen spending.
He's promoting this to his millions of fans, taking to social media to spread this message. It is a MasterCard from a company called BillMyParents, Inc.
And it is called the Spend Smart MasterCard. Now, why is this important? Because let me tell you what they're conditioning these kids to accept.
And I really would alert you, if you're a parent, to take a look at the things that are being marketed and targeted at your children.
Because really, the kids are the next generation. It's not going to take too long for today's teens to be tomorrow's judges and corporate officers and bankers and attorneys and everything else.
They're going to become the power structure that we are going to grow old at their mercy. And these folks, including Justin Bieber, who just turned 19, apparently last week, these folks are the future.
So what is it they're promoting to the kids of the future? Well, let me give you some of the details out of this. Prepaid card to teach financial responsibility.
Here's what it does, though. Every time a teen swipes the card, both the parent and the teen receive an immediate text that tells them how much was spent, where it was spent, and what the balance is on the card.
Now, if you were a teen, would you really want to switch from cash in your pocket to a prepaid plastic, numbered payment device that every place you went would rat you out to your parents?
All right, well, let me ask you, even if you thought it was appropriate for parents to know every last dime and penny that you spent and exactly where you were when you spent it, what kind of conditioning is this creating?
Yeah, every time a teen swipes the card, the parent receives an immediate text, get this, it gets worse. The parents can also lock and unlock the card if it gets lost.
Or if a parent wants the child to stop using the card for any reason, they have the ability, the parent that is, to log on and immediately shut down your ability to use this numbered payment device.
Sound familiar? Maybe it sounds like something coming up in our future. My big concern, and I keep saying this over and over, is that we have got to start, if we're not already, we've got to start using cash.
Cash, use it or lose it. Let's talk about one place we've already seen the cash beginning to vanish in Texas and Washington State, and that is your ability to pay cash at the toll roads.
And any time they take away your ability to pay cash and switch you over into a numbered payment system, you get all of the things that we're seeing here with Justin Bieber's promoted Bill My Parents smart MasterCard,
which is the ability for someone out there, some parental unit, whether it's your own mom or dad, as in the case of this particular nasty thing, or whether it's your, you know, maybe it's Nancy Pelosi.
Maybe it is Hillary Clinton. Maybe it's Big Sister out there just wanting to make sure that you stick to your diet. You know, we all have a hard time sticking to our resolutions.
We say, oh, I'm going to lose 10 pounds. Well, a card like this, you know, you could reach out to Big Sister, and Big Sister could actually help you to make sure that you didn't buy that extra pint of Haagen-Dazs, or maybe any pint of Haagen-Dazs ever again.
See, once you start tying in the ability to monitor what people purchase, which is what credit cards enable you to do, which is what all of these numbered payment systems do, then you get to the next step.
Now, we know, why isn't it you don't, why is it that you don't want your guns registered? For example, well, the reason you don't want your gun registered is because you know from history, which tells us this pretty clearly,
that when you register guns, the next step is confiscating guns, or controlling them, limiting who can actually have access to self-defense, and then you get restrictions on who can have access to self-defense,
and then ultimately you wind up with confiscation and control, and you wind up with a system that says, no, I'm sorry, no, no.
People of your ethnic background, people of your economic background, people of your political views, people of your persuasion, whatever that might be, you're not allowed to have a gun.
Well, that's bad enough when it's guns, and I'm a big supporter of the Second Amendment, but let me tell you how it's going to be truly horrific when it comes down to food, clothing,
the basic things you buy at the store, batteries, extension cords, whatever you need to run today's, live in today's world, a new computer.
All of it is going to be tied into a registration system, and it's coming.
Now, I first talked about this way back in 1999 when I founded Caspian, the consumer privacy group that I founded, as kind of an armchair activist back then.
I was frustrated or concerned, I suppose, at the use of RFID, not RFID, well, that came later, but in 1999 at the use of the plastic supermarket frequent shopper cards.
They go by a lot of names. The main name that they use is loyalty card, which I love because it's so, it's got such a big brothery political feel to it.
But the use of these loyalty cards at cash registers across the U.S. has now expanded to the point where literally billions of dollars of infrastructure
have been built right into the cash registers all across the globe, not just in the U.S., but everywhere.
You can go to Jamaica, you can find these things. You can go to South Korea and you'll find them.
You can go to Yemen and Saudi Arabia and you will find that their cash registers are no longer just calculators with cash stores,
but they've now been turned into high-tech, customer-identifying, price-changing, computerized units hooked up to the Internet.
And they're hooked up to vast multinational databases, which makes it even more disturbing.
So we've already got the system in place to take all of the purchases being made on the globe and route them back to the central brain,
whether that's run by Google or whether that's run by the NSA, whoever winds up running that.
But we already have the infrastructure to do it and the remaining piece is to get the world's people away from cash
over to a system where every time they walk up to one of those cash registers in Yemen or Saudi Arabia or Mexico
or any of the other places all across the globe that this infrastructure has been installed,
to get them to identify themselves at the point of sale.
Now, once you tie this a little further, there was just an article out.
Alex and I were talking about this on his show last week and you can find the link online at infowars.com,
is Alex and I were talking about this new study out or this new story out in the Wall Street Journal
that essentially vindicates what I've been saying for 10 years now, I guess 13 years since I founded Caspian,
to talk about these supermarket cards is now they're converting the purchases that you make at the supermarket
into individual nutritional and health profiles.
So what that means is when you buy that Haagen-Dazs, they calculate the number of grams of fat,
the number of grams of sugar, the number of grams of strawberry concentrate,
they put all of that into a giant database of information about everything that you eat
and everything you take home to your family.
Now, up until now, you're not noticing that that's happening behind the scenes.
It's underground. It's been going on literally for years.
I know this because I attended a talk at MIT where one of the key executives of Stop and Shopper,
a big grocery chain up here in New England, he was talking about the supermarket cards and said,
you know, it's really great and the best part is the customers have no idea how much data we're gathering on them
when they scan that card.
So he raised my hand, you know, just kind of a member of the audience who didn't know who I was,
and I said, excuse me, why are you spending all that money?
You know, these things are expensive. You've got to pay for the card.
You've got to pay for the key fobs and especially you have to pay for the data entry.
You've got to build in this huge infrastructure into all of your cash registers.
Why are you doing that?
And he said, well, we're hoping to recoup some of our expenses by sharing the information with HMOs.
And, you know, this was back in, what, 2003, 2004, so nearly 10 years ago.
And now you've got the Wall Street Journal coming out saying it directly.
Yeah, absolutely, that's what they're doing.
By the way, if there are any employees of Safeway out there listening to this radio show,
Safeway was one of the very first supermarkets in the country to introduce the Safeway Club card,
you know, the bonus card, the reward card, the Safeway Club card.
And what they're not telling you is that Safeway employees are kind of the vanguard.
They're at the front end of this new plan.
If you are a Safeway employee, you actually can receive a, and I'm going to cough when I say this,
I'm going to make air quotes with my fingers,
you can receive a discount on your health insurance by allowing Safeway to record every single stitch of celery,
every single hamburger that you purchase and consume through Safeway stores so that they can monitor that you are eating healthy.
And if you do, they'll give you, and again, I'll cough and use air quotes, they'll give you a discount on your insurance.
I would argue that now that they're putting this all together, this ability to convert all of your food purchases into nutritional records,
believe me, Obamacare is not going to be far behind.
All right, I'm your host, Dr. Catherine Albrecht, filling in for Alex Jones.
Let's all join together and send him some warm wishes of relaxation, a little bit of a rest.
All right, stay tuned, I'll be right back right after this break.
Aquamedics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one filter element.
It is the only one that does it, and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code WATER.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine,
hydrofluorosilic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro-Pure with the new Pro-One filters today at Infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Water filters are 27% off. Try our fruit-flavored hydropack combo water filtering pouches in March.
Buy five 10-packs for a 50% discount. Stock up on wheat with a year's supply of grains for $70 off, only at BePrepared.com.
And this month, power up with a Goal Zero Sherpa 50 solar-powered recharging kit at $110 off MSRP,
and we'll throw in a free $50 Emergency Essentials gift card.
The March sale ends March 31st at BePrepared.com. For contents and details, call Emergency Essentials at 800-999-1863 or click BePrepared.com.
The choice is clear. Be unprepared or BePrepared.com.
Stop the pain from broken, chipped and damaged nails with a revolutionary new nail hardener, Nails of Steel.
Apply just one drop of Nails of Steel over natural or polished nails and go.
With Nails of Steel, there's virtually no drying time, and it's guaranteed.
Order this all-natural, antifungal and herbal formula for women and men at NailsOfSteel.com.
That's NailsOfSteel.com. Nails of Steel. It's like a salon in a bottle.
Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered why banks, stockbrokers, investment advisors won't talk about gold IRAs?
They've been available since 1986, yet the financial industry won't recognize the value of gold for your retirement.
Gold is outperformed paper investments, yet no word about IRAs.
If you would like to have gold for your retirement, call 800-686-2237.
Don't get left behind by rising inflation and low returns, call 800-686-2237.
Secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
American gardeners and fellow Patriots make the right choice with your money, time and your family food supply.
Choose 100% pure heirloom seeds in the Survival Seed Vault from MyPatriotsupply.com.
Why spend more? The Survival Seed Vault from MyPatriotsupply.com is only $37.95.
It includes 20 varieties of pure, hearty, easy-to-grow heirloom seeds.
Yes, only $37.95. That's 70% less than our competitors.
You could buy three Survival Seed Vaults for less than one of theirs.
The Survival Seed Vault from MyPatriotsupply.com includes detailed planting and seed-saving instructions and ships same day.
Plus, all orders over $49 ship free.
MyPatriotsupply.com is American-owned by Patriots like you.
Passionate about freedom and preparedness, call now, 866-229-0927.
That's 866-229-0927.
Or discover more emergency preparedness items when you order at MyPatriotsupply.com.
Choose the original. Choose the Survival Seed Vault at MyPatriotsupply.com.
We will not be forgotten. We won't be left behind. Our memories live on for a while.
And boys and girls, we'll ride again.
Yeah, sounds good to me. Catherine Albert, too, with you.
Riding shotgun. Thanks for tuning in.
I'm filling in for Alex Jones this week. So delighted to be with you.
I've been a regular guest on Alex's show. I think the first time I was on his show was probably back in 2001 or 2002.
And I've been listening to his show since before 1999 when I myself became an activist.
So truly an honor and a real pleasure to be here with you guys this week.
And again, just putting out all my best wishes for Alex to actually get a little bit of a break.
I know he's been working overtime. I've heard even when he's on a break, though, he keeps working.
So I'm going to send him a little email. Hey, Alex, hope you're taking a break. All right.
Well, let's see, I've got a couple of additional things I want to bring to your attention this hour.
And then I want to open up the phone lines here and get your thoughts on some of these stories.
One of them is, speaking of young people, we know that if you want to change society,
then if you can get all the young people into one place and condition them in a particular way,
then you can create the future. Good or bad, I suppose.
I don't know, the future I want to see does not involve large masses of people thinking the same in groupthink.
But certainly the powers that be out there like that kind of thing.
And that's one of the reasons why the government schools and all of this sort of mass groupthink,
where kids are isolated and segregated by age, where they're isolated and segregated away from adults,
other than the single authority figure who tells them what to do all day long, that's kind of the mindset.
And of course, Hitler said to the people who opposed him back in the 1930s and 40s, he said,
listen, guys, I don't care about you, meaning the adults who opposed him, his opponents.
He said, I don't care about you because the future is your kids and they already belong to me.
Yeah. So if you're sending your kids to the government schools, then do not be surprised if your kids come home
and hold viewpoints that don't match your own. And if you're sending your kids out into the university world,
they're going to get even more indoctrination. And let me tell you something.
I, in 2006, I graduated from Harvard. I got my doctorate in 2006.
And that year, the commencement speaker was Jim Lehrer.
You know Jim Lehrer from the McNeil Lehrer News Hour?
You may also know Jim Lehrer because he is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations.
And if you've been paying attention, you know that those are the global elite that get the message out about
whatever it is that they want to have publicized, right? You've got all the major mainstream,
MSM mainstream media folks out there, and Jim Lehrer is one of them.
I thought it was the weirdest thing ever when at my commencement speech, Jim Lehrer gets up.
I didn't really know much about him. I mean, I've watched his TV show a couple of times, but I didn't really know much about him.
He gets up and proceeds to deliver to all of these graduating future leaders of Harvard University
a speech about how the goal is to get everybody
performing service, that we all need to be reconnected with one another.
Let me read you just a couple of quotes from there, and then I want to tie it into what's going on today.
These guys always announce what they're going to do in advance.
He says, we can spur great deeds. This is a literal quote from his speech at my commencement.
We can spur great deeds that history will mark decades and even centuries from now.
We can find the courage to change itself. It can change the world. He cited, quote,
several opportunities, including the ongoing revolution in life sciences and biomedical research
and all of that challenge. But then the key thing is he went on and talked
about how we need to have some form of national service. Here's his quote.
He says he entered the Marines reluctantly during peacetime, but the experience changed his life.
The people my country forced me to serve my country, not for my country's sake, but for my own.
And then he goes on and talks about how important it is that we have, listen to this,
a national discussion about implementing a new compulsory service.
He said this could encompass the military, the Peace Corps and other areas. Quote,
I believe we need a new, real, hard, wait, hard, real world dose of shared experience.
And then he goes on and talks about this. He says the problem with voluntary service
is it gives people not enough options. It just, you know, it's not,
voluntary service just isn't going to do it. He wants national service. He says, quote, 2006,
I say let that debate and all others around national service begin. All right. Now,
this is where these things get announced. Pay attention, by the way, and I'm going to start paying more attention
to the commencement speeches delivered at the universities of the elite because
they're after the future generations. So what is it now that's coming out?
Well, we've got a new bill that has been introduced into Congress right now
that would call for mandatory public service. So it all ties in.
It comes around. It goes around. It's all part of the same circle. This is a new bill. I'll be giving you
details on it if you want to oppose it. I would strongly recommend that it's going into committee, but it would call for
mandatory national service for all Americans between the ages of 18 and 24.
All right. Yeah, they're coming for the kids. They really are. So, yeah, you and I get it.
I hope there are some kids listening out there. Hope you guys get it, too. They're coming for you.
All right. Catherine Albrecht here filling in for Alex Jones. I am your temporary host
and I'm going to open up the phone lines when we come back. 1-800-259-9231.
Stay tuned. More right after this.
Five percent of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated
white ceramic with new aqua medics, advanced media for removal of fluoride
and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does it.
And out of the gates, we have a discounted at 10 percent off with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides,
herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid,
the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your pro pure with a new pro one filter today at info war store dot com or
by calling 888-253-3139.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans,
here is the Cal Ben Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable
and coconut oils that are earth friendly and safe.
See them on the Web at five star soap dot com or call 800-340-7091
for a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are
twice as good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply
of soaps for all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the Web at five star soap dot com or call 800-340-7091
for a free catalog.
A little over a year ago, I began to do a lot of research into why, even if I had a pretty
good sized meal, that I was still starving. And my research led me to a well-known fact that
most of the soils that we grow our crops on here in the United States and across the industrialized world
are almost completely depleted of almost all of the key minerals and trace
elements that our bodies need to rebuild themselves, fight off cancer and be healthy.
I then searched out the best vitamin and mineral company out there and
discovered Young Jeavity. The Young Jeavity products are designed to give you the real nutrition
you need. And once you've got that, you don't have to eat as much to be satisfied. I've lost
37 pounds in two months. Simply getting the vitamins and minerals
I need. Check it out for yourself. It's incredible. Go to info wars team dot com today
and order your first canister of Beyond Tangy Tangerine Complete Multivitamin
Mineral Complex Dietary Supplement. That's info wars team dot com.
The Alex Jones Show.
Some people say a man is made out of mud.
A poor man's made out of muscle and blood. Muscle and blood
and skin and bones. A mind that's weak and a back that's strong.
You load 16 tons. What do you get? Another day older
and deeper in depth. St. Peter don't you call me cause I can't go.
I owe my soul to the company store.
You're going to owe more than that coming up. Catherine Albrecht here filling in for Alex Jones.
Happy to be here with you right in shotgun as we take a look at today's news.
Also got some great guests lined up for you. Those of you who will be with us through the entire program
about to open up the phone lines 1-800-259-9231
Get your thoughts and your comments on today's stories before we get back to there. I just want to remind you that the info
wars store is your one stop shop for everything. Info wars info
wars shop dot com is the website. Also want to remind you to pick up your copy of the info wars
magazine. If you turn to that inside front cover you'll see an ad for start page dot com. My favorite
search engine. If you haven't pulled the Google needle out of your arm yet please do so. We are
way too addicted to Google and to basically doing the daily mind
melt. You know it's like uploading the contents of your brain every single day to the global brain.
The big brother global brain that is run over there by Sergey and Larry. By the way
when asked what they wanted Google to become their answer like the mind of God. Yeah
no thank you. Start page dot com returns 100% Google results
without any of the Google tracking and I know because I helped create it. When you use start page
instead of Google we strip out all of the identifying information that you send. We strip out
all the tracking cookies Google sends back. Give you 100% Google results in total
privacy and then delete all records of your visit. Pretty cool stuff. Totally free. Start page
dot com. Check it out. Alright let's see I want to tell you just a little bit about this bill
that ties in with what Jim Lehrer was warning us. I'm going to call it warning us about back in 2006.
He would call it promoting. And believe me these folks who are all part of the
Council on Foreign Relations they get their marching orders and then they go out into positions of influence
like Jim Lehrer did at the commencement speech in 2006 at Harvard
and then you know it takes a couple of years. What's it been like seven years since then? Takes a couple of years and then it
begins to make its way to the forefront. Right now it's in the forefront
as a bill that has been introduced H.R. 748 Happy Valentine's
Day. This was your Valentine's gift. This was introduced on February 14th
2013. Opponents let's see we'll post some information on my blog
at kmashow.com and also post some information about info wars of how you can oppose this.
The bill would require let's see
authorize the induction I'll read this of persons in the uniformed services during war time to meet end
strength requirements etc. etc. But it also requires all persons in the U.S. between the ages of
18 and 25 to perform national service. They would either serve the country as a
member of uniformed services or civilian service. That civilian service could
be served with federal state or local government programs including community
based organizations. Who do you think is going to be determining which community based organizations are
appropriate and which are not. Yeah that's that's the big question here. There's been a lot of
speculation regarding this since President Obama who also is part of the same
cabal in 2008 just a year and a half after Jim Lehrer made his
little statement there to the students of Harvard. He called for a
quote citizen army or a quote civilian national security force.
What a frightening idea. All right just giving you a heads up this thing is making its way through committee. We'll give you
information on how you can oppose it here shortly. All right so a couple of topics on the table right
now. One of them is Justin Bieber with his 50 million Facebook followers
promoting the use of a card. This is a prepaid payment card
that would tell your parents if you're a kid tell your parents exactly how much you spent down to the penny
and exactly where you spent it in real time via a text and would give the parents the
ability to just wave a wand and turn off your ability to make payments altogether.
Sound like conditioning? Yeah it kind of does to me too. All right speaking on that let's go to Chris
calling in from Kentucky. Let's see I think we got Chris on the line. Chris go right
ahead. Hello. Hello Catherine. Thank you so much for bringing this up.
You were talking about the rewards cards earlier. Not just major chains that are doing this but
small businesses around here such as coffee shops are doing it. It's like if you buy so much
of quantity of this product we'll give you one or two free of all the account and records
they put you in a database about. Well it depends Chris on how they do it because I'm actually
a big fan of the punch cards you know where you've just got a little card because they don't need to know who you are.
You don't need to tell them anything about yourself. You don't have to use a numbered account. You're not in a computer.
And if you're a little coffee shop and you're thinking of introducing something like this you don't have to pay for all the software and everything else.
Just get yourself a stack of cards and a unique little punch thing and you know you buy six coffees
get a seventh free. That to me seems like the way to go rather than the big databases.
So Chris are you a member of any of these rewards cards? No not at all. I don't even have
a cell phone. Well there you go. I have a computer. I have internet on start page.
Glad to hear it. Good.
I'll tell you that our privacy this commercial I wanted another one I saw not long ago was
this window got broken on a house and the neighbors looked at each other and said we
came up with this iPhone. You electronically write your check through a cell
phone to the bank wireless. And you talk about privacy issues.
Is this the one I think this is the Samsung Galaxy ad where they hold the phones together to one
another and the money just transfers automatically changes hands? Exactly.
Yeah. You know that's really where they want to move us to as soon as they can get us away from
cash. Believe me they would have done it yesterday if they could is to get us to stop using cash. And even
though all these television ads would make you think that people don't use cash anymore it is still
between 70 and 85 percent of purchases in the U.S. today are made with cash. So we are
not a cashless society by any stretch. And it turns out that the worse the economy
gets the more people revert to using cash. So they're really just tearing their hair out
in frustration because many more of us are saying forget the credit cards. I don't want to be paying that interest
rate. I'm going to go back to using cash. So they're going to try using the
media, using folks like Justin Bieber, using video games, using every possible way that
they can come up with to get us off of cash. So yeah. And I'm glad you're resisting it. I think we
all need to. And the thing I continue to say cash use it or lose it. And if they want
your personal information to make a purchase decline say no thank you. And those of you by the
way using shopper cards under a fake name that will only work until you use
a credit card or an ATM card because you can sign up as Mickey Mouse but the minute you scan
the John Q. Peterson card they throw Mickey Mouse out and put your name at the top.
So if you shop at a store that absolutely forces you to use a frequent shopper card to get the discounts
and you don't have any other alternatives those are a lot of ifs. But if you are in that situation
what I would recommend doing is get two separate supermarket cards
take a sharpie marker and on one of them write cash and only use that one when you have
cash. And if you ever find yourself without cash and you have to use a credit card then write credit or
ID on the other one and then use that one with your ID and that way most of your purchases will be
anonymous with that cash card. And I'd say you know periodically just lose it and sign up for another one as
anonymously as you can. All right let's go on to let's see we've got additional callers here
let's go to Julio who's been holding for some time in Illinois. Good afternoon or good morning
Julio. Hello. I think it's afternoon. It depends on where you're at.
I'm a big fan of your work. I have a privacy question but I want to mention something about GMOs
briefly. I'm doing a documentary and last week I was just outside
of the Pentagon near D.C. and was able to ask a few questions to Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack and asked him about GMO safety
if it's safe for human consumption will we ever see some sort of
USDA GMO label similar to a USDA organic label.
He flat out told me also he also told me about drought resistant seeds number one
drought resistant seeds are safe they're very beneficial. Number two there's no
quote reputable study out there and quote
that says GMOs aren't safe for human consumption. And then finally he said
he does not foresee a day that we'll see GMO labeling from
USDA. So I found that to be very interesting. I don't think those guys are going to be the source
through which that's going to come if it comes. I mean I'm sure you could have asked the Alabama
school department hey when are you guys going to have desegregation back in the 40s and they would have said no you're not going to do it.
It really takes people sitting down and you know sometimes literally sitting in the streets
and blocking traffic to say we absolutely demand it. And I don't think
any of these guys is going to come out and voluntarily do that because there's way too much money at stake.
I mean they've got the entire Monsanto Nabisco you know Dwayne Andreas
Archer Daniels Midlands Cabal breathing down their necks and that's where the money is right
now. So until there's enough pressure to overcome the
inertia that you get when there's huge amounts of money involved we're not going to see those changes. That's why I'm looking for
the state level. You know I personally have totally given up on the federal
government to really solve any of our problems. I think they're more of a source of problems than a solution. But
on the local level you're seeing communities all over the country saying we're a GMO free
zone you can't plant those crops here anymore. You've got Hawaii now saying no more imported GMO foods
unless they're labeled. You've got you know on the local level California almost almost
passing and some say it did pass that initiative that would have required labeling. And you know what it reminds
me of Julio is back when they first introduced RFID and
that's the microchips remote tracking microchips on consumer products and I said you got to label them
and we had this bill we introduced the bill and I spoke at a big RFID conference all these
men it was like three women in like 200 men and I'm standing up there on the stage
and I said listen I've got some legislation we're talking to you guys about they're all glaring and they want to throw tomatoes at the
stage and I said no no you guys are going to like this you think I'm going to get up here and say we need to ban
RFID and consumer products but what I really just want is labeling. And they still
kept glaring at me and one guy stood up in the front row and he says Catherine
you know as well as we do if we label it it's the same as a ban because people aren't
going to buy it. And my response to that was listen if you can't tell people you're doing it then you
shouldn't be doing it in the first place. So I think we're going to see the same thing any kind of labeling whether it's
labeling of garbage in the milk human growth hormone in the milk whether it's labeling
bovine growth hormone whether it's labeling of GMO whether it's labeling of RFID
tracking devices if they have to tell you about it they know that you're going to
say no way. And what it's really going to come down to even if they do label it they're still going to be
doing it in the cheap stuff going out to the people who aren't educated enough to read a label and then you're going to
see a real divide in our culture between the people who are poor and not educated who will become
sicker and sicker and those who have the money to avoid the genetically modified foods
and I don't want to see that division in our society I don't think that's going to be a good move really for anyone
involved. Hey thanks for the call Julio I appreciate it. All right let's go to Dan calling in from Idaho on
compulsory service. Hello Dan. Hello Catherine. Say I think
that when the parents get put under control by using these cards with their
children then when big sister wants to justify her doing the same thing to us in the future
she'll just say well you did it to your kids why can't we do it to you? See isn't that the case
and you know you're so right here Dan because oftentimes what people say to me is well
you know if they're going to have RFID tracking why don't they just put that on Congress and I say that'd be the worst thing
in the world to do because the minute you take the people who are in positions of authority and
control and you accustom them to being tracked monitored and surveilled then they don't even blink
or think twice before they do it to us and this whole thing about parents you know getting parents
on board parents are I have to say whenever I talk about implantable microchips and tracking
devices everybody says oh no that's terrible I don't want it get it away from me oh but wait
could you put that on my kid? There's something about the desire
and I think it's in part because kids are so out of the control of parents today that if
you can if you can appeal to parents sense that their kids are out of control
then you can get the parents to put the prison bars on the kids you can get the parents to
actually inject probably tracking devices right into their own flesh and blood right into their kids
flesh you can probably get parents to not only sign up for this Justin Bieber
cash card program but actually get them to beg for it or even pay for it
so there's something really going on there where they appeal to our sense of being out of control
and the one place where people feel like they do have a little bit of control is over their own children so yeah I think
you're absolutely right I think that once they get the parents to do it to sign up for this then they'll turn around
and say all right now we want you all to do it and you know it's coming you know especially in light of
Obamacare I said I was going to mention that you know Obamacare is going to be all about you paying for that guy
over there's medical care and right now yeah heck no I don't want you monitoring my
Haagen Dazs consumption but you know I would like you to monitor that guy's Haagen Dazs consumption
because I don't want to have to pay for his triple bypass surgery in a year so I think they're going to use
that as the justification look how expensive all this health care is
we don't have enough money for your health care because we're paying for that guy over there eating you know 50 bags of Cheetos
a month why don't we just use the technology that we've got in place right now
and register his Cheeto purchases and cut them off you know make that guy not eat the Cheetos
and everybody's going to go oh yeah sounds good you know that's what they're doing at Safeway right now so I
think it's coming I really do think it's you know they
won't pay for what I'll do with this insurance and I won't do what they'll pay for because I go everything
natural and when my children were born back in the early 80s I
started having children we just had them at home we didn't get a birth certificate
we didn't get a social security number we put the entry in the
Bible we took the Bible down and got them passports and the kids have been able to
function extremely well we made a historic case in Wyoming
when my son was issued a driver's license without a social security number but we just lived
to a different tune for a long time I'm going to tell you Dan I would love to hear that
story actually because I've had a number of people on my own radio show in recent weeks
talking about their court cases and their opposition to being numbered or having their kids
numbered so if you could reach out to me if you go to my website it's kmashow.com or just
katherinealbrick.com you can find the contact info on there and reach out to me because I'd love to talk to you
further about that especially parents out there who've made the choice not to number their kids
I think that the powers that be want you to believe that that doesn't
happen and I happen to know for a fact that it absolutely does and that there are a lot of kids out
there who are not part of the system so thank you Dan I appreciate the call please reach out
and say hello to me let's see if we can squeeze in Bob in Michigan about compulsory service here
just under the break Bob are you there?
Very good thank you for taking my call and I'm going to add to what the previous caller said
the social security number and the driver's license and so on makes you chattel
goods of the executive branch of the government and if you look
on the statutes that apply to the social security number
it requires that you get order and notice and my question to everybody has anybody
at all ever received order and notice this is what they don't want
you people are arguing about the mechanics of this and we don't want that
this is what you do that gentleman who was just on there is spot on and I'm just giving you the
rest of the story because I'm with you Bob and let me point out one other thing too about this whole
compulsory service thing tying in with IDing your kids at birth is that's the system through
which you know the registration for military service right now is
the way that they will nail your kids when your kids turn 18 or apply for college if they don't fill out that
form if they don't sign up for selective service registration then they're in
violation of federal law so there's no law making you register your kids but once you turn 18 you've got
to do it especially if you want to go to college or qualify for any kind of grant or scholarship and that's
going to be a big part of this compulsory service for everyone girls included if this
thing passes if this new piece of legislation passes all right Catherine Albrecht filling in for
Alex Jones we'll be right back with more of your call stay tuned.
From now as it does tonight a long term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the
availability of the one thing you need most be prepared and get your supply from
e Foods Direct right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free
shipping on all food supplies give yourself peace of mind and be prepared act now
and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com
slash Alex get free shipping on all orders for a limited time call 800-409-5633
or go to e Foods Direct dot com slash Alex
you can bet your life on e Foods Direct Hey everybody Ty
Bollinger here once again real life real stories and he discovered Carnivora
was so thrilled with the product that he shared it with his family and his friends and his patients
my dad was a family physician he was a medical doctor almost all the symptoms were either diminished
or gone amazing product amazing results like an amazing thing having
such a profound change how I feel and knowing that it was the carnivore that did
it and a lot of patients got better ranging from immune dysfunction to
allergies and infection here's the toll free telephone number to call to access the carnivore telecast
at Carnivora dot com on Tuesday March 12th 8 p.m. eastern time call
1-888-694-9666 that's 1-888-694-9666
once again 1-888-694-9666
visit C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A dot com or call 1-866-VenusFly
to order now Is this the year you finally get serious about your family's drinking water?
If so, keep listening for a special offer from Big Berkey Water Filters
Did you know that over 60% of municipal water is fluoridated?
Berkey water filters distinguish themselves from many other filtration systems with the capability to significantly reduce
dangerous chlorine, fluoride, arsenic and disinfection byproducts from municipal water via the Black Berkey and P.F. line of filters
then there's affordability at only 1.7 cents per gallon
Berkey water filters purify treated and untreated water even stagnant pond water
you can save by simply reducing buying bottled water and using water filtered by your Berkey water filter
no need to be constantly replacing expensive filters with a Berkey
a single set of filters can last for 5 to 10 years
choose the best size Berkey for your needs at Big Berkey Water Filters dot com
and right now all GCM listeners get 5% off all ceramic filter systems
just call 1-877-99-BERKEY
that's 877-99-B-E-R-K-E-Y
or visit Big Berkey Water Filters dot com
free shipping on every order over $50
Big Berkey Water Filters for the love of clean water
Oh yeah fighting a new world order right here
Catherine Albrecht filling in for Alex Jones
so good to be on with you today
giving you guys a heads up about a couple of things
compulsory national service
Obama warned us about it back as a candidate in 2008
they elected him anyway
he said quote we cannot continue to rely on our military
in order to achieve the national security objectives we've set
we've got to have a civilian national security force
that's just as powerful just as strong and just as well funded
he referred to this as a citizen army
god forbid a citizen army back in 2008
of course they want to disarm us
so they don't really want a citizen army
they just want an army of peons willing to march and step and do what they say
we were warned about this also by Jim Lehrer back in 2006
he spoke at my own graduation speech at Harvard as I received my doctorate
he got up there and I said what in the world
what kind of weird speech is this
how would Jim Lehrer get up and tell us that we all need compulsory national service
that a voluntary national service would not be adequate
because it would be split between the elites and the common man
and only if it is mandatory for all people alike will it be fair and just and equitable
gulp
yeah that's what they want
they want everything to be equally abysmal for all people in the country
so let's hope this thing doesn't pass
introduced February 14, 2013
it has already been referred to the House Armed Services Committee
and the chair of that committee is Representative Buck McKeon
he's a Republican from California
he is going to be determining whether the bill passes and moves on to the committee stage
opponents are urged to call Representative McKeon there in California
and tell him how they feel about the bill
you can also send him tweets and post on his Facebook page
you can also contact Representative Rangel by contacting him as well
and I'll post information about that on my blog at kmashow.com
alright speaking again about or speaking further about compulsory service
let's see we've got Zoe on the line listening from Illinois
hi Zoe
hi isn't I do have a couple things
isn't compulsory service enslavement even though it's temporary
you know it sounds like it doesn't it
exactly it's essentially yanking you out of your home
and putting a gun to your head if you don't comply
and saying yay verily now you'll work for us
so yes it definitely has that sense to it doesn't it
I think it does
and I wanted to tell you a couple things
first of all you'll probably never want to speak to me again
because on the weekend I was sort of
I wasn't coerced but I was kind of gently urged
and signed up for a restaurant card
that I didn't know you had to put your name and address in an email
and I don't even use email but I have one
and so I ended up doing it
and while I'm letting my friend do it I'm actually blind
I was going why am I doing this
and I did
I think we need to listen to that little voice Zoe
you know if there's a voice inside of you going don't do it
don't do it don't do it
you know that's called your conscience
it should probably be operational
you know this signing up for all of these rewards things
is going to become easier and easier though
because in this case you had a friend
and she had to fill out a form
and put down your name and they went blah blah blah blah blah
you know in the future what it's going to involve
is they're going to say
hey you want to sign up for a discount
and I put that in air quotes
because the discount is always just avoiding a surcharge really
because what they do is they crank the rates up really high
the prices or the meals or the whatever it is
they crank it up high to accommodate these discounts
believe me they're not going to lose any money off of this
and then they twist your arm to get you
you know by essentially threatening you with higher prices
or poor service
and then if you comply
then you get the decent prices once again
so you know it's a bad plan across the board
I encourage people not to do it
but in the future it's just going to be tap your cell phone
they're going to say hey you want to sign up
just tap your smartphone against this little thing
boom and it's done
because they want to take away that moment Zoe
that you had where your conscience kicked in
and said I probably shouldn't do this
alright thanks for the call
coming back right after this hour with Adrian Salvucci
he's going to talk to us about the global economic situation
he's going to be joining us from Buenos Aires
This is GCN, the Genesis Communications Radio Network
that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin
Supernatural Silver is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers
using a patented technology that is highly effective against
colds, flus, infections, food poisoning and yeast
in addition to many other pathogens
Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported
extremely safe
and is the number one choice of thousands of people for immune system support
find out how Supernatural Silver could change your life
go to SupernaturalSilver.com and use the promo code healthy for 20% off
that's SupernaturalSilver.com and like us on Facebook
on the GCN Radio Network
and now live from Austin, Texas
Alex Jones
Hey we're back
Catherine Albrecht here with you
filling in for Alex Jones
he's taken a much needed break
and I wish him all the best
as he takes a deep breath
hope he gets a massage
we were talking about maybe getting him out there for a little shoulder relaxation
you know we all need that
I got to tell you it's hard to be out here on the front lines doing this work
it is difficult every day you know
because it's coming so fast
and so furious
you open up whatever portal you have to news
whether it's Infowars.com
whether it is your email
and emails coming in from friends and colleagues
whether it's the newsletters that you get
whether it's the television that you turn on
however it is that it's coming at you
it's coming at you fast and furious
do you feel it?
I can't even cover
even if I had all day
we've got three hours here on Alex's show
I'm going to be doing two hours
in just a couple hours of my own radio show
and even with that amount of time
there is no possible way that I'm going to get to all the stories
that for one day alone
have come across my desk
it is overwhelming
utterly overwhelming
and so the question then becomes what do we do?
how do we respond to the onslaught
the immense onslaught of all of this stuff happening
the one thing I would advise you
don't get discouraged
I know that's easy to say, right?
but don't get discouraged
because you as one individual
are not going to be able to stop the onslaught
you are not
there are people out there working to inform
educate and fight back
Alex Jones of course being one of the people at the forefront
for well over a decade now
I'm out there fighting the RFID spy chips
we've got other people out there fighting against genetically modified foods
we've got people fighting on many of the battlefronts
but ultimately
one individual person is not going to be able to stop this
so at the end of the day
what are you responsible for?
this is really my question for you
at the end of the day
you're not responsible
if this hideous bill
that I was talking about in the first hour of Alex's show here
this awful bill that would make
mandatory, compulsory
public service
for people ages 18 to 24
if that bill passes
that's not going to be your personal fault
you can't control whether that passes or not
you can make a phone call
you can maybe sign a petition
but ultimately that's going to pass
whether you get involved or not
as much as I hate to say that
the question then becomes
what can you do?
and what are you responsible for?
and I say this maybe as a pep talk even for myself
if we do get to the point
where there are implantable microchips
god forbid because they're really dangerous
check out my website at chipmenot.com
to see how they cause cancer
but even that, even the thing
where I've staked out my own territory
and been fighting against this for 10 years
even if that passes
is it going to be my fault that it passes?
so let me just give you
a little bit of maybe reassurance
that at the end of the day
you are responsible for your own actions
if you sign up your kids
to be implanted with microchips
shame on you, you're going to have to answer for that
if you sign up and actually
support some of these steps
in this direction or you shop at the stores
that are implementing these terrible programs
or you
get rid of cash and you
only use your credit card or you sign up
for all the frequent Shoppers Club cards
then you're contributing to the problem
so while we can't solve the problem
we can certainly remove ourselves
from contributing to it
and this is actually in the book of Revelation in the Bible
there's actually a place where it says
speaking of Babylon
the evil empire of the end
known as Babylon in the Bible
it actually says
come out of her my people
lest you be partakers of her sins
and receive of her plagues
so I believe right now
if I had to look at the number one thing
that we're supposed to do above and beyond anything else
come out, don't participate
don't feed the beast
don't give it your data, don't log on
to Google 50 times a day and say
well right now I'm thinking about this
don't tell him
pull out, remove yourself
step back, don't participate
in Babylon and then
once you've done that, then we can start figuring out
where you can find your particular battleground
and where you can stake your own
spot and defend it
alright, I'm Dr. Kathleen Albrecht filling in
for Alex Jones, when we come back
we'll be joined by Adrian Salbucci
joining us from Buenos Aires, Argentina
right after this
documentary exposes how the continuity
of government program has established an
all powerful shadow state
Police State 4 chronicles the sickening depth
to which our republic has fallen
prepare to enter the secretive world
of emergency dictatorship
body scammers, sound cameras
citizen spies, stage terror
and cameras on every street corner
it's only the beginning of the New World
Order's hellish plan
the police state isn't coming
it's here, secure your copy today
at infowars.com
or see it online in the highest quality
at prisonplanet.tv
it is the only one that does it
and out of the gates
we have it discounted at 10% off
with promo code water
this is the only system that in one unit
helps reduce or remove
pesticides, herbicides
chloramines, ammonia and chlorine
hydrofluorosilicic acid
the most common form of fluoride
not covered by other fluoride filter brands
and sodium hexafluorosilicate
get your Pro Pure
with the new Pro 1 filters today
at infowarsstore.com
or by calling 888-253-3139
If you want an American company
with American products
made by Americans
here is the Cal Ben Soap Company
Alex and his staff have used
these pure soap products for years
these all natural soaps
are made from the highest quality
vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth friendly and safe
see them on the web at
5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091
for a free catalog
buy the 1-2 month
sample package and enjoy soaps
that are twice as good as what you're using now
or save big
with a 1-2 year supply of soaps
for all your cleaning needs
this is an amazing deal
you can save thousands of dollars
and you will love the way real soap
makes you feel
see them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091
for a free catalog
and that's all we need for you
thanks to him
as we take on the New World Order
speaking of the New World Order
one of the key components
of the New World Order
if you happen to live somewhere
outside the US of America
is the power structure
that is being wielded by the US
sometimes it's helpful to get a perspective
from outside the US
and see what exactly does US foreign policy
and what exactly does US economic
And what can it tell us about the nature of the beast that we are fighting?
Well, joining us this hour to talk about all of that is my guest, Adrian
Salbucci.
He is an international consultant and author and a speaker on geopolitics,
economics and risk management.
He joins us live today from Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Welcome, Adrian.
Hello.
Hello, Catherine.
It's a pleasure to be on the show again.
Well, it's great to have you on.
And I especially want to thank you for really bringing to not just our
attention, but to the attention of the world, what is going on right there in
Argentina.
I want to get into this hour, your new article that just came out in Russia
Times called the US is the Don Corleone of international politics, kind of
likening the US to the mob.
Before we dive into that topic, though, can you give us a sense of what's going
on down there in Argentina for Americans who may not be aware of your economic
circumstances and maybe help tie that in with what's going on worldwide?
Well, yes, Argentina, first of all, has had chronic financial and sovereign debt
problems for decades, I would say at least 30, 35 years.
We have been imposed a sovereign debt that is unpayable.
In other words, there is no way that the country can ever pay for it, which
means that we are in the chains of a debt system.
And what is a debt system?
It's a system whereby the creditor will always have the debtor trapped, knowing
that the debtor cannot pay back and not being able to pay back.
That means that he will be a eternal debtor.
He will always be owing money.
And it is that sovereign debt which has been the key component, ensuring that
Argentina is always fully controlled by the global power elite who run the whole
debt system and who run the whole banking, private banking institutions and
the multilateral institutions like the World Bank, the IMF, or even the Federal
Reserve in America, as a special example, to ensure that the system will always
continue.
It just rolls over on and on.
And that makes full control of Argentina possible.
And, you know, we can liken it, I suppose, to the indentured servitude that there
were many immigrants who came to the U.S.
back at the turn of the 20th century or even earlier in the 1800s, who kind of
signed up and said, listen, in exchange for letting me get on the ship and
coming to the States, I'll work for you for seven years, 10 years, etc.
And while they were working, we just, in the last hour, played a song about the
company store.
I owe my soul to the company store.
While they were working, you know, the food and the roof over their heads and
their clothing all got tacked onto that.
And in some cases, you end up with people who are in just a perpetual cycle of
debt, of never breaking free.
We see the same thing going on with people today who are on the treadmill of
paying off their credit cards at 20% interest rates, when right now you can't
even put your money in a bank for 1% these days, and yet they're still running
on that treadmill to pay off that debt.
That's more on the individual level, which I think most people can relate to.
When we start getting into debt, Adrienne, on the national level, what does
that look like for a nation?
We know that if my credit card debt is too much, then I have to take all the
money that I earn every month to pay it and I can't feed my kids.
What does it do to a nation to be in that level of debt?
Well, even personal credit card debt will theoretically stop when you die.
So at least debt is an escape point.
However, in nations, since there is a legal continuity for literally decades
and centuries, a country will continue having to pay a foreign debt, perhaps
incurred 10, 20, 50, even a hundred years back, which means that what it all
boils down to is that the government, the local government, more than acting
as a sovereign government, will act as an agency that retains the work of the
local people for and on behalf of the global power elite.
Let me explain that a little bit further.
America calls it democracy, but what it is, in fact, it is that the whole banking
system, one of its key factors is to control the electoral system, to control
political campaigning, to control candidates, to control the whole so-called
democratic system, so that always somebody is elected into power as
president, prime minister or in Congress that will ensure that no matter what
happens, the sovereign debt will always be paid.
It will always have top priority.
And as long as the local government does that, the global power elite is happy.
When they stop doing that, then you have coups that are orchestrated, you have
invasions or you have the dreadful things that happen to world leaders in
different parts of the world throughout the last centuries, throughout the last
decades.
So basically what America or the Europeans call democracy is merely the
system that is used by the banking elite to control countries.
And every country like Argentina will just end up having the best democracy
that money can buy, which is no democracy whatsoever because money is not
democratic, nor should it be.
So when you talk about Argentina, and I remember even as a child hearing about
how Argentinian money was just valueless, I mean, chacking on zeros, that was the
first time I ever heard about it.
Now we hear about Zimbabwe and other countries for other reasons having a
similar problem.
Argentina seems to have been particularly hard hit by this inflationary cycle in
which all of your savings as citizens of Argentina become worthless, all of your
pensions have become worthless.
How does that fit into to the cycle that you're talking about debt to the
international bankers?
Well, look, I'm 60 years old, and in my adult life, I've gone through three
military coups, a lost war against Britain, and at least four financial
collapses.
The last two have been horrendous.
We had hyperinflation in 1989, and a complete banking and monetary collapse in
2001, 2002.
Just to give you an idea, since 1970, we have knocked off 13 zeros to our
currency.
So one peso of today, which will only buy you, won't even buy you a bus ride in
downtown Buenos Aires, in 1970 was equivalent to 10 trillion pesos, which
would have purchased Argentina two or three times over.
So that's just to give you an example of what really hyperinflation is all about.
The way it works, unfortunately, and in the case of Argentina, it's particularly
sad, because most of our ongoing sovereign debt was incurred by an illegal
military and civilian regime that took over power in 1976 by force, getting rid
of the democratically elected government.
That was in March 1976.
Starting then is when our sovereign debt problem started.
And today, we could easily show that that is debt that was incurred illegally.
And if there's a legal precedent called odious debt, odious debt, which goes back
to the beginning of last century, and Argentina could easily trigger that and
repudiate that debt, but we need an Argentine government, president or
Congress to do that.
And the so-called democracy system works so well that over the past 40 years, not
one single Argentinian president, not one single Argentinian Congress has had the
courage of saying, we're not going to pay that debt, we're going to declare it odious
debt, and you Citicorp, you JP Morgan Chase, you Goldman Sachs have to prove to
me that you did not know that that ongoing regime was absolutely dreadful, and
that they were killing people, and that you were not aware of all the mischief
that you were doing.
Now, there isn't a legal precedent for that.
But unfortunately, as I say, the democratic system for them works so well that no
Argentinian would ever take the initiative of doing that, at least not from the
government.
Now, talk to us about your current president there in Argentina.
Mrs. Kirchner, she is the wife of the former president, Nestor Kirchner, who
handpicked her as his successor, Mr.
Kirchner died about two to three years back, two and a half years back, and she
has been totally functional to the global power elite.
Because although she calls herself a Peronist, that means that she is aligned
theoretically to the ideology of Juan Peron and Avita Peron, who are very much
revered here as emotional symbols.
In actual fact, she is not a Peronist at all, but she's a social Democrat.
And social democracy is particularly dangerous because it's sort of a three
way trap.
On all social and cultural issues, it is very left wing.
On political issues, it is very center.
It will respect the global power elite 100%.
And on economic and financial matters, it is right wing capitalists.
It will always pay, pay and pay.
So unfortunately, she is very functional and she has made different somersaults on
various matters.
But right now in Argentina, we have high inflation and a total prohibition for
Argentine citizens to buy foreign currency, because the government is
gobbling up every single dollar you can imagine in order to what?
In order to pay the bankers sovereign debt.
So more functional to the global banking elite than that, it's hard to imagine.
Right.
And I experienced that actually in Mexico in the 1980s, when they had their huge
inflationary cycle, we were not allowed to cash out our pesos for dollars.
So I know what that's like to watch the money that you have in the bank, your
hard earned money.
And I was only down there a year as a television co-host in my teens that I sat
there and watch my money become absolutely worthless.
Thousands of dollars just going poof before my very eyes.
So I know exactly how that works.
I want to talk.
Yeah, it's a painful, it's a very painful experience.
Is that coming for the US Adrian?
Are we about to see the same thing happen to our currency here?
Well, yes.
And that might tie into a very interesting and highly complex problem, which is
hardly ever addressed in any of the mainstream media.
And that is that if the ongoing oil markets, basically we have two oil
markets, the New York Mercantile Exchange, and then the London market, and to a
lesser extent, the Dubai market, if there were to be a fourth oil market, for
example, Iran that started trading, not in US dollars, which is the monopoly
currency for the oil market, but started trading in other currencies and all the
dollars that are circulating in international markets were to go back to
the States.
Hold that thought Adrian, we're coming up, hold that thought.
When we come back, I want to talk about a fourth oil market with my guest, Adrian
Salbucchi live from Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Stay tuned.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to
support our immunity and health.
At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full
selection of silver based products.
Our most popular silver based products are the 32 ounce nano silver solutions.
Our two ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well as our all natural
silver soaps.
Just released is our 100% natural silver gel.
Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly
evaporate and leave the silver at the surface, but rather we have formulated
our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera to
quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more
effectively.
Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver
based products are best for you.
That's www.silverlungs.com.
Are you or someone you love struggling with stress, anxiety, or less than
perfect health?
Hi, this is Pastor Jenny.
And as a woman of faith, I spent many years in ministry burdened
with anxiety and fear.
But in 2010, I met Dr. Carolyn Dean and I took her recommendation to try RNA drops.
Within days of taking RNA drops, my anxiety began to lift, my joy was
restored, and the peace of mind that I would have once called a miracle
has now become normal to me.
Discover what RNA drops can do for you.
Order your free sample today at www.rnafreesample.com.
That's rnafreesample.com.
There you can order a free 30-day trial-sized bottle of RNA drops by
paying just shipping and handling.
That's www.rnafreesample.com.
Maybe there's a miracle waiting there for you.
Naggin constipation, hemorrhoids, or painful bowel movements?
Have you considered your toilet posture?
The colon needs proper alignment for faster, more effective elimination and
that's exactly what you'll get with a Squatty Potty.
Not a cleanse or a pill, the Squatty Potty is a healthy step in the right
direction, is doctor recommended, and starts at just $34.95.
Call 855-628-1099 or go to squattypotty.com, spelled S-Q-U-A-T-T-Y potty.com.
Squatty Potty, healthy colon, happy life.
Hi, this is Ted Anderson.
Have you ever wondered why banks, stock workers, investment advisors
want to talk about gold IRAs?
They've been available since 1995.
They've been available since 1986, yet the financial industry won't recognize
the value of gold for your retirement.
Gold is outperformed paper investments, yet no word about IRAs.
If you would like to have gold for your retirement, call 800-686-2237.
Don't get left behind by rising inflation and low returns.
Call 800-686-2237.
Secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
We all know that Berkey water purification systems are the most
trusted name in water filtration.
As an authorized Berkey dealer for over six years in serving thousands
of satisfied customers, the Berkey Guy offers amazing specials for
Berkey water filtration systems.
The Berkey light systems include a set of self sterilizing and re-cleanable
black purification elements that purify water by removing chlorine,
pathogenic bacteria, cysts and parasites to non-detectable levels and remove
harmful chemicals such as herbicides and pesticides.
Order the Berkey light system today, complete with two black
Berkey elements for only $231.
And the Berkey guy will ship your order free of charge.
With the purchase of a Berkey light, the Berkey guy is also offering a set of
fluoride and arsenic filters for only $39.99.
That's over 30% off the retail price.
Call the Berkey guy at 1-877-886-3653.
That's 1-877-886-3653 or order online at goberky.com.
That's goberky.com today.
And we're back Catherine Albert here filling in for Alex Jones.
And my guest this hour, Adrian Salbucci is giving us the, uh, really the
rundown on how this whole global power structure works and how the
international bankers not only control what's going on here in the US, but
control every country on the globe that they can get their hands on.
Before we get back to our conversation, I want to remind you that you can always
swing by the InfoWars shop at infowarshop.com.
Also want to remind you to please support the sponsors of this radio
program, ProPure Water Filtration, also eFoods Direct, and I want to
encourage you to swing by the InfoWars shop and check out some InfoWars
gear, shirts, and hats.
It's always a great way to get the word out and wake people up.
You know, not everybody's able to tune into the radio show.
Not everybody knows we're out here, but if you wear the t-shirts, use the bumper
sticker, I'll tell you, I was driving up in Northern New Hampshire, miles
from anything, and there came a car right in front of me with infowars.com
right there on the bumper sticker.
So it's, it's a great way to get the word out and inform people.
So check out and get your InfoWars gear at infowarshop.com.
All right, let's get back to our conversation with Adrian Salvucci.
Adrian, before the break, you were explaining to us about the price of oil
and the different oil markets that if one of them were to pull out of using
dollars and switch, for example, to Iranian currency, that we'd be in trouble.
How would that work?
Well, let's first, uh, let's say something which is rather obvious, but a lot of
people forget, seem to lose sight of what is inflation.
Inflation is when the monetary authority issues too much money that does
not tally with economic growth.
So you have inflation, even hyperinflation.
When that happens to a country like Argentina, you can sort of seal the
country off the way they did with us in 1989 and all that hyperinflation
is your problem, Argentina, you deal with it, which is fine.
When the United States of America, however, issues a lot of currency,
like they don't call it inflation.
They call it quantitative easing one, quantitative easing two,
quantitative easing three.
When they issued too much money, that money does not stay in America,
but it's spread the world over.
Very especially, or one of the key factors is the oil market.
So the oil market is all done, most of it abroad, and it is done in
United States dollars and US dollar denominated financial instruments.
However, if a fourth oil market were to open in Iran, as they have been
threatening to do since, uh, 2004, and I'm not saying it's going to be
handled in, uh, in, in Iranian currency, but maybe in euros, maybe in
Russian rubles, maybe in swans, maybe in a basket of these currencies.
And it were to become a major oil market.
It would, uh, replace the dollar to a great extent.
Those dollars would tend to flow back into the United States.
And lo and behold, that's when America would all of a sudden catch a heavy
bout of inflation and even hyperinflation.
So that I think explains why the American, uh, leadership, both public
and private are so, so very, very, very nervous over Iran.
It's not about weapons of mass destruction.
It's not about the nuclear program.
It's about a new oil market and how the oil market will continue fairing.
At least if the dollar has to be phased out, they want to do it on their
terms, on America's terms and not on the Iranian's terms, which is
something I can understand.
So this oil market, give us a sense, just globally, how much of the global
economy is accounted for by oil today?
Oh, something like 20% of the entire economy is one way or another related
to oil, related to oil refining, related to, uh, petroleum, hydrocarbon products.
And it's not just, this is a problem that the Western mindset has.
We tend to think with silo mentalities.
The oil market is X zillion dollars.
Okay.
We just look at it financially.
The oil market is geopolitics.
It is military strategy.
And you have countries like Russia that are very much aware of that.
You have countries like China that are very much aware of, and China
does not, contrary to Russia, China does not have its own oil.
That's why it purchases a lot of Iranian oil, something like 12% of its oil
imports into China are Iranian oil.
That's why neither China nor Russia for different reasons are going to allow
the Western powers to overrun Iran, the way they allow them to overrun Iraq.
Although they didn't like it or Libya last year.
So there are a lot of factors that have to be taken into account, which are not
only, which are not just financial and economic.
Yeah.
And you know, whenever they start talking to us about regime change and we just
want to liberate those people over there in X country, you always have to ask
yourself a little bit deeper.
What, what is the economic consideration?
Uh, would you, would you agree with that?
Yes.
And can I, let me give you an example.
Uh, in November, 2002, you remember that, uh, Saddam Hussein from Iraq lost the
first Gulf war against George Bush, senior, there were UN sanctions and those
UN sanctions later on allowed him to trade $1 billion a year for medicines,
oil for medicines and food.
He did that year after year.
And then in 2002, November, to be exact, Saddam Hussein decided to sell that
$1 billion in oil in Euro.
Well, if you remember rightly in, uh, March, 2003, Saddam Hussein had some
problem with the United States weapons of mass destruction that were, hold on.
I want to get into that and talk about that first war and where that went.
Also open up for your phone calls, Catherine Albrecht filling in for Alex Jones.
Stay tuned, we're on the March, the empire's on the run, Alex Jones and the GCN radio network, you prepare by purchasing gold food and firearms, but if you don't have a home security system and you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection, when you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders, check out, simply safe.
It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless go to get simply safe.com simply safe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power.
So even if the grid goes down, you're protected, it's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home business, boat trailer, storage unit, or shed get simply safe.com simply safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes.
So there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but simply safe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week again, that's get simply safe.com.
I had tried everything I'd cut back the amount of food I was eating.
I was lifting weights and jogging, but nothing was working.
My body was literally starving for minerals and trace elements, as well as key vitamins, and as soon as I had that, I immediately could eat half of what I was eating previously and be satisfied.
Now there are hundreds of great products at info worst team.com, but I want to point out the three that have helped me lose 37 pounds in just two months.
Products like beyond tangy, tangerine, Holland burst, and rebound. When I started taking the tangy tangerine and other products every day, I lost more than 37 pounds in just two months.
Now that's results. I want to challenge my listeners to go to info wars team.com and to order just three of their products and you will see the changes in the way you look, feel, and in your appetite almost immediately.
Start your journey to health and wellness today. Info wars team.com now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our immunity and health at silver lungs.
We are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection of silver based products.
Our most popular silver based products are the 32 ounce nano silver solutions, our two ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well as our all natural silver soaps just released is our 100% natural silver gel.
Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface, but rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry of active gel.
To quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more effectively, visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver based products are best for you.
That's www.silverlungs.com.
Yeah, I don't know much about history. They don't really teach us much about history, do they? Especially not 20th century history, because it implicates a lot of people who are still living and breathing today.
Let's name one. Let's name one name specifically. And that would be Kissinger. Yeah, I want to get into that just a little bit. My guest this hour is Adrian Salbucci. His new article out in Russia Times is called the US is the Don Corleone of international politics, kind of making making that reference to being kind of like the mob out there putting the pressure leaning on other countries, and our foreign policy certainly has had a big impact on other nations.
Also that of the international banking regime, which is the puppet master that controls the US, which then turns around and controls the other countries around the globe militarily, and in other ways. So let's get back to our conversation. I am going to open up the phone lines here in just a couple of moments. But I do want to give Adrian Salbucci an opportunity to tell us the big picture.
I want to remind you that you are listening to Dr. Katherine Albrecht. I'm filling in for Alex Jones today. I'll also be with you on Tuesday and Friday. I believe Mike Adams is going to be filling in on the days that I'm not on, but I'm not entirely sure. Don't quote me on that. But I will be with you today, tomorrow and Friday. And if you'd like to check out my live daily radio program, you can find it under my name, katherinealbrecht.com or kmashow.com. My show comes on. Well, if Alex doesn't do his hour of overdrive, there's a link to that in the description.
There's an hour break and then my show comes on right there at GCNlive.com. You can also listen to it streaming on my website, kmashow.com. All right, let's get back to our conversation. Adrian, before the break, we were talking about the the first and second wars over in Iraq with Saddam Hussein. And my question for you was, should we really believe this story that we were told or the official story that Saddam Hussein was just a really mean tyrant, and the US just doesn't like really mean tyrants and wants to
protect the people?
Well, not really, obviously, I mean, geopolitics, or machtpolitik, as the Germans would say, is based on permanent interests of every nation. And I think the United States does it just as Britain does it. And just as every serious nation should do so Russia, China, even Argentina, we don't do that. That's that's our problem and our mistake. We can't blame anybody else for that. However, in the case of Saddam Hussein, he was definitely most instrumental to the United States. It was only when he disobeyed
orders in 1990, with the invasion of Kuwait, that he was ousted. And although he was not ousted, then he ended up being ousted by George Bush, Jr. many years later, and it all had to do with this oil market system using the dollar or trying to move away from the dollar. Just just compare with what happened in 2011. With Libya, Muammar al-Gaddafi was about to introduce the gold dinar, which was going to be a gold backed currency to be used for North African
oil. And he was assassinated on public television with Hillary Clinton laughing and saying, we came, we saw he died and chuckling her way through on CBS News. So Iran knows that they run the same risk, but there's a big difference. Their backs are covered. And that is where the mainstream Western media really renders such a bad service to all the Western world and the whole planet, because they're trying to make us believe that Iran is a danger because of the nuclear program. And yet,
you just played that beautiful song, Don't Know Much About History. People don't know much about history. Iran has not invaded or attacked anybody in over 120 years. However, Iran was invaded by Britain in World War One. It was invaded by Britain and the former Soviet Union in World War Two, because they needed Persian oil to make war against Hitler. When the Iranians finally have a democratically elected Prime Minister,
Mohammed Mossadegh, who nationalized in 1951, the Anglo Iranian oil company, today known as British Petroleum, the CIA and the British MI6 orchestrated a coup and he was ousted. And the Iranians were imposed the horrendous and authoritarian regime of the Shah of Persia, Reza Pahlavi. When they finally got rid of him with the revolution of the Ayatollahs in 1979, what did American the Western powers do? They get they finance and they gave Saddam Hussein, who was their
envoy, all the necessary weapons to make a war of attrition that lasted eight years and cost one million Iranian lives. That was from 1981 to 1988. It was only when Saddam Hussein disobeyed and did the the Kuwait trick that he was finally ousted. But as long as these little dictators do what they are told, they can stay in power all they want. It happened with us with the military junta. It was very pro American until General Galtieri. You remember him got up one day and said, I'm going to invade the Falkland Islands. So he had to be out.
That's Argentina we're speaking about and my guest this hour, Adrian Salvucci, international consultant, author and speaker on geopolitics, economics and risk management. He joins us live from Buenos Aires, Argentina, one of the victims of the multinational bankers certainly with economic hardships over over many, many decades. Let me before we open up the phone lines and let me go ahead and do that now. 1-800-259-9231. Adrian, let me ask you just in a nutshell, why do you call
the US the John Corleone of international politics?
Well, I think we have to be very fair in the following because a lot of people tend to think, especially here in Latin America, oh, it's the Americans, it's the Yankees, Yankees go home. It is not the fault of the American people. The problem is, and that is something that I think Alex Jones has done a great job and you yourself, Catherine, in helping people understand this, there is a supranational global power elite, which includes the mega bankers and the mega oil companies,
which is embedded, embedded inside the United States, Britain and other European countries, but especially embedded inside the United States because of your military prowess and your power. But although it is inside the United States, it is not part of the United States. It does not look after, doesn't even care about the American national interest, although it might end up occupying the White House and your Congress and most of your media and your banking system.
So it is not really the American people who are at fault, but rather who have no choice but to select between Coca-Cola and Pepsi-Cola every time there is an election. But it is really this global power elite embedded inside and that acts like a mafia.
It's like a parasite. It's like a parasite. You know, I think about these ants that get infected with this fungus and the fungus makes the ants march up to the very, very tip top of a tree and then die so they can dispel the fungal spores from the top of the tree.
And the ant is just trying to live its own life. But once this thing gets a hold of it, the thing drives it to its own interests. And it really does feel parasitic what you're talking about, this thing that is controlling U.S. money, the U.S. economy, the American people, the American debt, and especially the American military to accomplish its own goals.
They've got us climbing up to the top of the tree and they don't care if we wind up, you know, sticking up to the top of the tree like these little ants with our teeth embedded in the wood while we die as long as it gets to continue its own proliferation. And that's really what we're seeing.
All right. Let me go ahead and open up the phone lines. Adrian Salvucci is my guest this hour. I'm, of course, your host, Dr. Catherine Albrecht. I am filling in for Alex Jones, who's taking a much needed break this week.
And let's go directly to the line in Connecticut and say hello to George. George, you're on with Adrian Salvucci. Go right ahead.
I was wondering how you would see this monster from the inside, this parasite, would try to take down the United States. Or is this actually against their own interests because so many people are waking up that maybe it might be more dangerous for them to take the system down than try to prolong it. But how would they probably take it down? And how do we get rid of them from your point of view since you see it from the outside? Sometimes you can see clear from the outside, then you get from the inside.
It's a very good question, George. Zbigniew Brzezinski, who is the ideologue of the Trilateral Commission, who was Jimmy Carter's national security advisor, he said at the Council on Foreign Relations about two and a half years ago that the main risk of the global power elite is the political awakening of the masses of people the world over, including the United States.
That's why it's so important for them to have full control of the media so that we see the world through their eyes and not through reality. As I was saying, we have to be convinced and talk into believing that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction, that Iran is a hell of a risk and a danger because of its nuclear program.
But they completely ignore the fact that the only country with weapons of mass destruction, nuclear weapons of mass destruction in the Middle East, is the state of Israel, which unfortunately the Israeli lobby, the American Israeli Public Affairs Committee, for example, has huge leverage inside the United States, inside its government, inside the banking industry and inside the media.
So probably the awakening of political awareness is the key point definitely around it. They know that they are playing with fire because if the people really awaken, you Americans, for example, might take back America.
We're trying to take back Argentina, but Argentina is a tiny country. We have no military power. We're really not that important. We are earmarked for something else, for future occupation of our huge territory down south in Patagonia especially.
But America has the military power of the world. So it is very important for them to control you and they're bound to get very aggressive and very violent in order to achieve their end.
So if anything, I would say that America is such an important nation right now that you probably are running one of the worst risks of any of us.
You mean the worst risks in terms of being a population that's waking up at this time?
That's dangerous from the point of view of the global power elite, the CFR people, the trilateral commission people, the Bilderberg people. That is very dangerous.
Same in Europe where you see people are waking up in Italy, in Ireland, in Greece, in Spain, even in the UK and in France that this whole banker system is absolutely criminal.
It's absolute mafia. They have the same codes as Don Corleone, as Masery, as Freemasonry and as all these other secret and semi-secret organizations that unfortunately are wrecking so much havoc nowadays, including the Vatican.
I'm not saying the church. I'm just saying the earthly Vatican who are as good or as bad as the men who run it.
Let me ask you this, Adrian. In terms of national sovereignty, and I think George's question speaks to this, we are Americans. You are in Argentina.
We've got people who really are looking to their national governments to make these kinds of changes or to protect them against this global encroachment.
Is it in the desire of the globalists to eliminate national sovereignty altogether so they don't have to futz around with all these individual nation states?
Absolutely. If you look at Foreign Affairs, which is the journal of the Council on Foreign Relations, in their April 1974 issue, you had one of their academics, Richard Gardner, saying that instead of going at an all-out attack against national sovereignty, we have to go a roundabout, an end run, he called it, destroying it and eroding it piece by piece so that it falls on its own.
And they've achieved that, not just in a country like Argentina, but even in the United States, where I think it helps a lot to address George's question.
If we redefine the President of the United States, the Prime Minister of Britain or the President of Argentina, not as sovereign presidents or prime ministers, but as chief executive officers, as the CEO, Obama and Bush before him are the CEO of America, Cameron is the CEO of Britain, Mrs. Kirchner is the CEO of Argentina, because that will lead you to ask two questions.
If my president is the CEO of the country, who is on the board of directors above him, and who are the shareholders who really own the country?
And that is where you start running into the global power elite, and that makes a lot of clicks come about together and people start saying, oh, now I get it.
When you vote for Obama or Mitt Romney, you're just being given the final choice, Coca-Cola or Pepsi-Cola, and that's no choice at all.
It is not, and when we tried to have an alternative, I think Ron Paul had probably more popular support in this country than any candidate, at least in my lifetime.
We very clearly saw how we were not allowed to have a public choice, and I think that was a wake-up call for a lot of people.
I think to recognize that we really are not a democratic country, that we really don't, on the popular level, determine who the president is going to be.
I think that was a wake-up call, and maybe a bit disillusioning for some folks.
All right, George, thank you for the call. I want to see if we can get in another call before the break.
Let's go to Doris, who's been listening in Tennessee. Hi, Doris, you're on with Adrienne Salbucci and Catherine Albrecht. Go right ahead.
Yes, I wanted to ask the gentleman about the China and the Keystone pipeline.
We know Obama is not in control of this, but I'm going to use Obama's name, excuse me.
The Keystone pipeline, he stopped, and we know from Bible prophecy there's going to be a war filed with China.
China is going to play a big part in it, in Russia, so when he does begin to drill and let the Keystone pipeline go through, will he sell it, will he let us use it here, or will it go to China?
And will he even be the person in charge of that?
Adrienne, when we're talking about international pipelines and large quantities of oil flowing, is that really going to be a kind of a debate or maybe an economic behind-the-scenes underground war between the U.S. and China?
It sounds as though we're on opposite ends of the power structure there. How does China fit in with all of this?
Absolutely. China has been around for thousands of years, and they have thousands of years of being an imperial power, even though at times they themselves were colonized by France and Britain, for example, in the 19th century and the early 20th century.
The Chinese know how to bide their time. When it comes to oil, for example, the Chinese who have little oil are purchasing all of their oil, or a lot of it, from Russia on the one hand and from Iran on the other hand.
Now, oil is a key issue, no doubt about it, and it has sort of grouped countries together. That's why you have China and Russia working together on many issues, Syria and Iran, no doubt, and the Middle East in general, and you also have countries like India and Pakistan.
Now, another thing that the Wall Street Journal, and it ties in with Doris' question, another thing that the Wall Street Journal and the mainstream media don't tell you, and this came out only on 2nd March, the day before yesterday, is that India and Iran are negotiating a pact, a treaty, whereby Iran would sell oil to India and India would pay in gold, which is the same thing as saying moving the oil market away from the U.S. dollar.
They would start paying in gold, and Iran has already told the Indians, were we even willing to accept rupees, and they've told the Japanese, we're willing to accept yen.
But it goes back to what we were saying at the beginning of the program, oil is not just about money, it's not just about the price of oil, it's about geopolitics and geostrategy, and that's where we have to understand that the Chinese and the Russians are biding their time very well,
and unfortunately, America and the Western powers have made mistake after mistake after mistake for having done the wrong thing in the wrong place at the wrong time, which explains why America, Europe and Israel are so hysterical in their foreign policy, to say, in a way, because they know that their window of opportunity is shutting down fast.
I want to thank Doris for the call, and I just want to ask you quickly, when we're talking about the international bankers, and you referred to the nations as being CEOs, the presidents, what about China? Is China also under the thumb of the same global board, or are they under a different, on that global scale, if you were to see the board of directors, do they also control China?
I would venture to say that the Chinese sit on the board, that's why it's so very interesting, because of course you have the global banking system inside China, they've been in there for years, think of it, HSBC, the Hong Kong and Shanghai banking corporation, was born almost in China during the Opium Wars, that's where they were born, in the middle of the 19th century, and their leverage, same with Jardine Mathison and other major British banking and financial institutions, they've been there for centuries,
but the Chinese know that politics is not black or white, it's not good guys and bad guys, the West tends to present everything like Tweety Bird and Sylvester Catt, good guys and bad guys, the Chinese know that reality is somewhere in between, that truth lies in some shade of grey, so they do negotiate.
Let's pick that up when we come back, I've got a bunch of callers as well, we'll try to get to your calls right after this, I'm Catherine Albrecht filling in for Alex Jones, stay tuned.
Please subscribe to efoods direct, we have some great food on the planet, this food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight, a long term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most, be prepared and get your supply from efoods direct, right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies, give yourself peace of mind, and be prepared, act now, and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoods direct.com slash Alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time, call 800-409-5633 or go to efoods direct.com slash Alex, you can bet your life on efoods direct.
In the US, one in every 50 homes will have a break in this year, burglars call it smash and grab, police call it robbery, we call it avoidable, we are fake TV, a simple electronic device that can fool even professional burglars, fake TV easily plugs into any outlet and simulates the changing colors of a television.
To a burglar, it looks like someone must be home watching TV, so they'll likely move on to an easier target, at only 34.95, fake TV costs less than a month of most alarm monitoring plants, and it's perfect if you're traveling or away from home, order your fake TV by calling 877-5-FAKE-TV or go to faketv.com, that's 877-532-5388 or faketv.com.
Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
Supernatural silver is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers, using a patented technology that is highly effective against colds, flus, infections, food poisoning and yeast, in addition to many other pathogens.
Supernatural silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe and is the number one choice of thousands of people for immune system support, find out how supernatural silver could change your life, go to supernaturalsilver.com and use the promo code healthy for 20% off, that's supernaturalsilver.com and like us on Facebook.
Hey, we're back. I'm going to try to get through all these phone calls. We had quite a number of them with people calling in to speak to my guest, Adrian Salbucchi, joining us from Argentina, where he is an international consultant and also an expert on health care.
Adrian Salbucchi, joining us from Argentina, where he is an international consultant and also an expert on geopolitics and economics. Let's go directly back to those phone lines and let's see, we got Kay on the line in New Jersey. Hello, Kay.
Yes, hello. I had a couple of questions, one for you and one for Adrian.
All right, let's see if we can get to him. Go right ahead.
Yes, number one for Adrian was, would it not be a feasible idea to kind of disconnect from the elite scheme by just not paying for anything or not going to the bank or not paying taxes?
I think there are enough people that are awake and you can prove that with the whole gun grab thing to possibly produce some type of significant impact by disconnecting from the system and also, would it really be an actual thing that could possibly work living completely on cash in today's modern world anyhow?
May I answer that? Yeah, absolutely. This idea of somehow disconnecting or living off the grid. Yeah.
I love that idea and a lot of people are doing that not just in your country but in my country and the world over. The problem being that normally most people are sort of scared and they say, well, if I don't pay my light bill, if I don't do this with the bank, my whole life is going to be turned upside down and maybe it will to a great extent.
What we will probably need in America and here is for a very serious crisis to really hit us so it's not just some people who wake up but everybody who's going to have to wake up because when the ship starts to sink, nobody can say, well, I'll just keep sleeping it through.
No, everybody has to get up and jump ship and try to save your lives. It happened to us ten years ago when the whole financial system collapsed and people went back to bartering, exchanging services, growing their own vegetables in their backyard and so forth.
But as the crisis subsided and the money started flowing again because the global power elite know how to control these crisis, most people just went back to business as usual.
So it's a combination of knowing how to take the opportunity of ongoing and increasingly serious crisis on the one hand and on the other hand to do what Catherine and Alex are doing of increasing popular awareness to know that we are all sleeping on the Titanic.
Yeah, and I got to say I think that's one of the reasons why they're cracking down on things like organic food and food co-ops and natural organic milk because that is a way to make sure that you can't get out, that you can't drop out, that you can't be off the grid.
I think it's also why they're increasing the amount of surveillance and really putting those top down controls on even what we can eat as a way to kind of slow that down.
Hey, thanks for the call. Kay, I'm sorry I didn't get to your other call or your other question, but I do want to see if we can fit in our other callers. Let's see, we've got Jim in California. Jim, really quickly, go right ahead.
Yes, Adrienne, I want to just pick up on the idea of CEOs of countries which presidents are.
The one president that wasn't a CEO of our country, John Fitzgerald Kennedy, during 1960 to 1963, didn't play along with the big bankers that were his boss.
He decided to print United States notes of the executive order and then shortly, not too long after that, he was taken out and so were all the United States notes that were printed out there, about $4.5 billion worth.
So the conspiracy, I mean, what do you think about that? Also, I think we've been getting his bought off commissions to give fake reports and a lot of misinformation in history.
Let's let Adrienne address that. Adrienne, do you think that the JFK assassination tied into this whole CEO notion that he just said, I'm not going to play ball and they said, fine, we'll take you out?
Absolutely. That was another false flag done inside the United States itself, as though, you know, some nut had killed John Kennedy.
John Kennedy in 1962 started issuing those famous U.S. Treasury currency notes, which had the red seal instead of the green seal.
I got to catch up. We'll be back. You are listening to GCN. Visit GCNlive.com today.
Real antiviral antifungal solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin.
Supernatural Silver is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers using a patented technology that is highly effective against colds, flus infections, food poisoning and yeast.
In addition to many other pathogens, Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe and is the number one choice of thousands of people for immune system support.
Find out how Supernatural Silver could change your life. Go to SupernaturalSilver.com and use the promo code healthy for 20% off.
That's SupernaturalSilver.com and like us on Facebook.
And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
And so rousing hello, I'm Katherine Albrecht filling in for Alex Jones as he takes a well-deserved break.
I know he's going to come back 50 times, 50 times more on top of his game than ever.
And that's saying a lot for Alex. I had the absolute pleasure of being in Austin last week, actually traveling out to Texas.
I had an opportunity to actually broadcast my program from Alex's studio, also being a guest there on the program.
And if you want to check that out, you can always go to Infowars.com.
You can also, I'm sure it's posted up on YouTube and elsewhere, my interview with Alex Jones right there in the studio.
What an awesome experience that was and just a powerful amount of energy coming from all the listeners there.
So it is a privilege and an honor to be sitting here, sitting here, sitting in for Alex Jones.
He will be back next week. I'm going to be with you today, Tuesday, and Friday of this week.
I am Katherine Albrecht. Kmashow.com is my website or just my name, KatherineAlbrecht.com.
And you may know me as the co-author of the book Spy Chips. I've been dealing with the issue of consumer privacy
and implantable microchips and also those RFID spy chips that they want to put in all the products.
I've been doing that for a number of years. A couple of websites, just to bring to your attention,
ChipMeNot.com is the website that deals with the cancer-causing aspect of implantable RFID microchips.
Spychips.com, the now kind of historical website for our book. That's the book I co-authored with Liz McIntyre,
the best-selling expos on RFID. If you don't have a copy, consider getting a copy.
Even if it's from your local library, it's not so much your money I'm after than your mind.
So please, if you haven't read Spy Chips yet, all the stuff we talked about there, it's all happening.
It's all happening today right now. So please check it out and stop by and visit my website.
Also, for folks who have been kind of following my story over the years, both through Alex's show and through my own,
just wanted to let you guys know that the cancer, the breast cancer that I was battling is in full remission,
as far as we know. I will be getting some fairly important scan results today,
and I will be reporting those on my radio show, which airs from 3 to 5 p.m. Central Time at KMAShow.com.
Just a heads-up on that.
All right, well, let me, in this couple of minutes we have here,
I want to just give you an update on what's going on in San Antonio, Texas.
The latest in the battle against RFID Spy Chips is taking place on the ground in the San Antonio schools.
This hour, or actually today's program, I opened talking about how they're coming for the kids,
and they're coming for the kids both with the new Justin Bieber Bill My Parents credit card.
This is a cash stored rewards card to encourage kids and kind of condition them
to start using plastic numbered cards and numerical accounts instead of cash.
As I mentioned in the first hour of today's show, that card can be remotely viewed by parents.
Every time you make a purchase on it, it sends a little text and says,
here's exactly what Johnny bought with his credit card, you know, with his little stored value card.
Here's exactly where the money was spent, right down to the penny.
Here's the time, date, and place of that purchase.
And of course, gives the parents the ability to log on and simply cut off that kid's cash account altogether.
Well, that's just one form of conditioning that's being brought against our kids.
This hour, we're going to be joined by Lenore Skenazy from Free Range Kids,
talking about all the ways that the schools and the media at large are conditioning our children to accept,
I would say almost being infantilized, being turned into consumptive units,
I guess, consumption units here that do nothing but buy, spend, consume, and obey.
And that conditioning begins very early on in the schools.
No other place are you going to find that I'm aware of where you have to ask the permission of an authority figure
to even exercise your own bodily functions.
You know, excuse me, can I use the bathroom?
Right. Well, that's some powerful conditioning, folks, believe me, and it goes far beyond that.
We'll be joined by Lenore Skenazy in just a couple of minutes.
She's going to be telling us about how we've turned our kids into a bunch of helpless mambies when we come back.
I'm Catherine Albrecht. Stay tuned.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cow Bend Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth-friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one- to two-month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what you're using now.
Or save big with a one- to two-year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers.
A prognosis for the entire planetary economic system runs from bad to worse.
The globalist model is to shut down societies and starve patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover.
That's why we've assembled the most vital and important preparedness items at Infowarshop.com.
These are items that I did research on, that I personally use.
You've got the LifeStraw so you can turn fetid water into safe water anywhere you go.
The Ktor Hand Crank Generator to charge up key equipment during power outages or out in the field.
Strategic Relocation Third Edition by Joel Skousen.
When Disaster Strikes by Matthew Stein.
TheraSafe used by Homeland Security to protect yourself during any radiological event.
Hand Crank Shortwave AM-FM radios.
Everything that we've researched and found to be the best is available at Infowarshop.com.
And your purchase makes our Infowar possible.
We're getting prepared. Are you? Infowarsshop.com.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to GetSimplySafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit, or shed.
GetSimplySafe.com.
SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes.
So there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com.
Rallying patriots worldwide in defense of human liberty, it's Alex Jones.
Hey, Catherine Albrecht here, filling in for Alex Jones.
Want to talk about kids this hour?
Yeah, because kids really are the grown-ups of tomorrow, aren't they?
You know, we were kids not too long ago, those of us who are grown-ups now,
and a lot of who we are today really is a product of what we were exposed to, both messages and propaganda,
and just our experiences growing up.
I remember when I was a kid, I remember in seventh grade, I came up with this brilliant idea,
and I shuddered, I don't know if all seventh graders come up with these terrible ideas,
but I said, you know what we need to do if we want to eliminate racism,
we just need to make sure everybody marries somebody of a different race.
Don't even ask me where this was coming out of my little seventh grade brain.
But my parents, thank the Lord, took me aside and said, you know, that's really a terrible idea,
and actually shamed me into sitting down and listening to why that was a bad idea.
Now, I'm not saying that, you know, I'm perfect.
I went through my period of thinking the government was the solution of the problems.
I've been through a lot of the same educational process that the listeners have gone through,
but there were parents in my life who could set me straight.
And I think nowadays it's becoming more of a challenge.
There is so much less interaction between kids and parents these days.
I recently read a study that said less than 30 minutes a week of meaningful conversation occurs
between the average teenager and the average parent, less than 30 minutes a week.
Now, I want you to contrast that, say, with the Little House on the Prairie days.
If you haven't reread those books recently, pull them off the shelf, reread Little House on the Prairie.
And you've got Laura and you've got Mary and you've got Ma and you've got Pa.
And I'll tell you that there's a whole lot more than 30 minutes a week of back and forth sharing of values
and even political conversation.
It all takes place there.
So as we increasingly turn over our kids to the little tiny screens with their thumbs moving around there,
and as we turn over our kids to Facebook and turn over our kids to the television
and especially turn our kids over to the government authorities that run the government schools,
it's not a surprise that we get them back and they don't want to hear what we have to say.
Yeah, I shudder to think what would happen if my seventh grade self had lived today.
I don't know. Scary thought.
All right, well, joining me this hour to talk about how we're infantilizing children
and actually turning them into a bunch of mambies who do not have the ability to even find their way out of a paper bag,
much less grow up into fully competent, mature, independent adults.
My guest this hour, Lenore Skenazy, she is the author of the book and the blog Free Range Kids.
She's also the host of the Discovery TLC International Television Program called The World's Worst Mom.
That is tongue in cheek there.
She's actually a terrific mom.
Lenore Skenazy is a New York City columnist turned reality TV show host,
and she actually first gained notoriety or prominence or fame, if you would,
by letting her nine-year-old son take the subway alone in New York.
Yikes. All right, Lenore Skenazy, hello and welcome to the show.
Oh, Catherine, thank you so much.
Great to have you on.
So I want to talk, I know your story, letting your nine-year-old take the subway has a lot of people shuddering.
How could you allow a nine-year-old to actually go on the subway?
I can tell you, though, after sort of engaging your message, which initially was really shocking to me,
but after really sitting with it for the last couple of months, I see the world in a whole new way.
And I actually see the way that kids nowadays are not allowed to do anything, not allowed to go to the bathroom,
not allowed, at Burger King, I see kids who want to go up and get a straw.
You know, we're talking like a ten-foot walk to the... No, honey, you can be snatched. No, don't do it.
For God's sake, I want to see you live till you're a grown-up. Don't get the straw.
It's crazy. It really is crazy.
So let me, I want to get into some specific stories that have been going on lately,
but before we do that, I just want to ask your opinion about all of this overprotective helicopter parenting.
What is it, and how did we get started doing this kind of crazy, treating kids like they were completely incompetent?
It's so interesting, isn't it? We think we're doing it out of, I mean, we actually are doing it out of love,
but somehow it comes across like I don't trust you to do anything.
I mean, just think about the words of when we take our kids to school today.
I mean, the fact is that we do take them to school today. Ten percent of kids, 11 actually, still walk to school.
And if you contrast that to like when we were growing up, it was always, you know, there was arrival, the bell rang,
and then there was dismissal, yay, the other bell rang. And now it's drop off and pick up.
I mean, those are the two different times of the day.
And just inherent in that word change is the way we're thinking of kids.
They used to be able to get themselves to school. They used to, the kids themselves used to be the crossing guards.
You know, I had a sixth grade crossing guard when I was in first grade, and I married him, but that's another story.
And nowadays it's drop off and pick up as if we don't think kids can do it,
as if we think they're either too incompetent, too dreamy, or of course too endangered to do anything on their own.
Whenever I suggest that kids are, you know, they're happier when they go and they play outside
and they meet up with a friend and they shoot some hoops or they make a hopscotch,
if anybody still knows how to make a hopscotch grid on the ground, everybody says, oh, but that's crazy.
And it's like, since when is that crazy? Crime is down since the 70s, 80s, and 90s when most of today's parents were growing up.
And yet we act as if it's, you know, Nazi Germany out there, and if the kids go out there, they're going to be snatched.
And I just have to say that the latest piece today on my blog is a father writing to me asking for advice,
which I wish I had some advice to give him.
He let his six-year-old walk around, you know, he taught her how to walk around the neighborhood,
how to cross the street safely, they're in some quiet little suburb, and she was doing just that.
She walked to the store the other day and the cops not only picked her up, they didn't even tell the dad that they had her.
The dad went looking for her when she didn't come home, went to the store, you know, that he'd sent her to.
The storekeeper said, oh, you know what, she was taken by the cops.
So he went to the police station and there was his daughter behind bulletproof glass and he was not allowed to talk to her
or take her home for 20 minutes while the cops decided whether, you know, they called Child Protective Services
and Child Protective Services reluctantly said, okay, he's allowed to take her back home,
but now he's being investigated by Child Protective Services all because he trusted his six-year-old to have a little bit of a life
and you're not allowed to do that anymore.
Well, so let me ask you, Lenore, what are the laws on that?
At what age, like where is the cutoff, not only legally but just in terms of common sense,
at what age can a kid or do the cops, for example, consider a kid competent to just walk down the street?
Well, those are two questions, at what age is a kid competent and at what age do cops consider a kid competent?
Well, I don't even think it's just cops, I think it's the whole generation of adults that has forgotten how much freedom they had at age six.
I have a book, gosh, somewhere on my extremely messy desk that was put out in the 80s and it was called Your Six-Year-Old
and it just gave a list of like things that a kid in first grade should be able to do.
They should be able to recognize colors and make some shapes and draw in the lines
and they should be able to go, you know, four to eight blocks around the neighborhood and go visit a friend and go play in the park
and this was normal and not exceptionally dangerous or weird or superstar behavior in the 80s, it was just normal.
And the fact is that now, you know, the six-year-old gets picked up, you know, you're asking what is the age that kids can do things.
I'd say at six they are definitely capable, like I was and like you probably were, of going down the street, knocking on a neighbor's door and saying, let's play.
But there is no actual cutoff date for like when you're allowed to start being alone or doing something on your own.
Only two states have an age even that is officially you're allowed to stay home alone.
What are those, by the way, Lenore?
I think it's Maryland is age eight and Illinois has some really high age and I can't remember 12, 13 or 14.
That doesn't surprise me being in Illinois that soon.
I'm from Illinois at the beginning.
But those are also, I mean, there's always wiggle room on those too.
It's like if you're keeping your child in an endangered spot, you know, if there's drug paraphernalia around and there's no food in the kitchen and there's a fire, you know, I mean, it's different.
You know, the authorities get to interpret whether they found what you're doing dangerous or negligent or not.
And that's the crux of the problem because to me, a six-year-old who has been trained by her parents, the dad who wrote to me said, you know, we've taught her all about crossing the street.
We've watched her and we've, you know, gradually let her go, you know, longer distances after we've been, you know, certain that she's capable.
And to me that sounds like very responsible parents, but obviously the cops are picking this kid up and not letting the dad talk to her because they think of him as an irresponsible parent.
So if you have a, if the authorities have been sort of brainwashed to the idea that like no child is ever safe, no child is ever competent, every child needs 24-7 supervision or they are in danger,
then it becomes, you know, me saying, kids are very competent and let's look back in history and what about Huck Finn and what about like you were talking Little House on the Prairie
and them saying, what about that child who was kidnapped in 1987 from a bus stop?
And me saying, you know, we can always go to the worst case scenario, but that can't be our benchmark for every decision.
Well now, for all the parents out there listening going, oh my gosh, don't you know kids are being snatched off the street left and right?
What are you talking about?
I'm sure there's a lot of parents out there with that exact response to this because I have to admit the first time I heard you speak, I had the same response.
What? What? No, no, because it's exactly opposite of what we've been told.
Give us some statistics.
How likely is it that a six-year-old walking down the street is going to be kidnapped?
Well, here's one of my favorite statistics.
First of all, the idea that we can have absolute perfect safety, which has become the goal, and I don't mind it being the goal, but it's elusive.
It will never happen no matter what.
I mean, here in New York, we just had a tragic case yesterday where a whole family was killed by a hit and run.
I mean, you can never predict everything that's going to happen, but in terms of the big fear, which is some stranger on the street snatching your kid,
this is such a rare crime that if you actually wanted it for some reason, if you wanted to know how long would you have to keep your child outside unattended
for that horrible scenario to be likely to happen, for them to be picked up, kidnapped by a stranger.
I don't know if I've asked you this one before.
If I have, then you'll know the answer, but how long do you think you would have to keep a kid outside for that to be likely to happen?
It's sort of like asking how many lottery tickets would you have to buy to be likely to win the lottery?
Well, I'm going to give the listeners this break to think that over.
Okay, great.
We're coming up on a break.
Lenore Skenazy is my guest, and the question hanging in the air here, how long would you have to leave a kid out to be kidnapped?
Stay tuned.
Nothing is more American than diamond gusset jeans, 100% American made since 1987.
Soft and broken in from the start, yet more rugged and durable than any jean you've ever worn.
Have you ever experienced mis-sized jeans from China?
Well, you won't with diamond gusset.
Every pair is crafted to fit exactly the same and always feel like they were custom made.
Need a 35, 37, or 39 waist?
How about a 31 inseam?
We keep all sizes in stock for the fit you need.
Looking for a relaxed fit, slim fit, regular fit, boot cut, or straight leg?
We got you covered.
Buy the world's best fitting jeans at gusset.com or call 1-888-8GUSET.
Get free gusset targets for the next time you go to the shooting range with the purchase of their new Ranger jean.
Use code comfort when ordering to receive free shipping and all gusset orders at gusset.com.
That's gusset.com to get only the best all-American jeans.
Digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins.
That bears repeating.
Digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins.
And Pro-EM-1 daily probiotic cleanse is the key to digestive health.
Pro-EM-1 is a powerful liquid probiotic, strong enough to cleanse, gentle enough to use every day.
Pro-EM-1 is dairy, wheat, and soy free, contains all natural and certified organic ingredients,
contains no preservatives or animal products, supports a healthy digestive and immune system,
supports weight loss, improves absorption of food nutrients, aids in controlling yeast infections,
is never freeze dried, and uses three groups of live, viable, beneficial microbes to cleanse and remove toxins.
Order Pro-EM-1 daily probiotic cleanse at teraganix.com, spelled T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X dot com, teraganix.com.
Or call toll free, 866-369-3678.
That's 866-369-3678.
Pro-EM-1, the raw probiotic.
Now there's an amazing new natural antibiotic every person must have.
It's Cells Alive Silver Solution and it destroys over 650 hard to kill viruses, fungus, bacteria, and much more.
Cells Alive Silver Solution has no expiration date, is great for emergency kits and storage shelters,
and comes in 8 or 16 ounce bottles.
Order today at 888-910-4367 or visit hempusa.org.
Hempusa.org, 100% chemical free superfoods and unique health products.
We the people grow cotton, wheat fabric, engrave ink, embed strips and fibers to protect from counterfeit,
then carting to a private bank, having it lead back at interest, forcing taxes to service debt.
This capitalism, or was Jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing the public currency
is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than a standing army?
Hi, Ted Anderson, I'm placing a free silver dollar in a book that explains our monetary system.
Call for your copy, 800-686-2237.
It's time to understand the system. Call 800-686-2237. That's 800-686-2237.
Social unrest, food shortages, political turmoil, EMPs, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, fires, riots, flooding.
It's not a matter of if, but when.
What if it happened right now? Would you have the supplies to survive off the grid?
Offthegrid.com is the place to go for the widest selection of survival supplies at rock bottom prices.
Head over to offthegrid.com for survival kits, first aid supplies, dried food, water filters and purifiers,
gas masks, solar and crank radios, solar generators, ammo, knives, stun guns, pepper sprays,
hacks and bags, fire starters, a library of books, and a whole lot more.
Get free same day shipping on all orders over $75.
Enter promo code radio at checkout and receive an additional 5% discount off our already lowest in the industry prices.
Offthegrid.com, proud to stand shoulder to shoulder with you as we protect our Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic.
Long time for a long time.
Soon or later, got to cut you down.
Soon or later, got to cut you down.
Go tell that long tongue liar.
Go and tell that midnight writer.
Tell the rambler, the gambler, the back biter.
Tell him that God's going to cut him down.
Tell him that God's going to cut him down.
Hey, I'm back. Catherine Albrecht here, filling in for Alex Jones, hoping he gets a little well-deserved rest there.
We need him in perfect form, don't we?
Yeah, Alex Jones leading the charge against the New World Order and the spider that sits at the heart of that web.
We need him to be well-rested, tanned and ready, and I'm filling in so he can get that rest.
I will be with you today, tomorrow and Friday.
Delighted to be riding shotgun here with Alex's fabulous team behind the scenes,
doing a really wonderful job producing this program.
I want to say thank you to CJ, Chris West and the whole team over there at Info Wars.
Just a delight to be working with these guys.
All right, my guest this hour is Lenore Skenazy.
Before we get back to our conversation, just want to remind you to please support the sponsors
who enable this program to go out live to you every day.
That would be eFoods Direct and Pro Pure Water Filters.
Also, the team there at Young Jevity and Info Wars Health.
You can find them online at infowarshealth.com
and, of course, eFoods Direct and Pro Pure, both linked from the infowars.com website.
My name is Dr. Catherine Albrecht.
My website is kmashow.com, kmashow.com, or just my name, CatherineAlbrecht.com,
and I do my own live radio show.
I will be broadcasting live about an hour after this show ends.
You can find that on my website, kmashow.com, there you go,
on your local radio dial or at gcnlive.com.
All right, let's get back to the question that's been burning in everyone's minds.
Lenore, your question was if you had a six-year-old walking down the street,
how long would it take for that six-year-old to be abducted
or kidnapped by someone with a bad intent?
And I guess the average answer would be, I don't know, three, four hours, six, seven hours?
What is the answer?
Think higher, think higher.
How long would they have to be out there to be statistically likely to be kidnapped?
And the answer is 750,000 years.
How do you get that?
750,000 years that a kid would have to be?
As a bad numbers person,
I had Warwick Cairns do the number crunching for me
looking at the FBI statistics on kidnapping in America
and also how many kids there are.
And I don't know, he put it through some kind of computer program
and that's the number he came up with.
I use it because when I talk about how rare these climbs are,
they never seem rare because our minds work a lot like Google
in that if you ask yourself, gee, you know, can my kid walk to the bus stop?
And your mind is like shuffling, you know, basically entering bus stop child safety.
Up comes the cases that we've heard about in the news,
some of them 35 years old like the case of A-10 Page here in New York City
or some of them 20-something years old like J.C. Dugard
who was taken from a bus stop in California and kept in captivity.
Those come up because they are so rare.
They made the news, they shocked us, they saddened us,
and we saw their pictures for years, sometimes for decades,
and they're easy to find in our brains.
What we can't find in our brains is the picture of the tens of millions,
hundreds of millions perhaps of children who have gone to school
in the years who have not been kidnapped, who walked there just like you and me as kids
and made it through safe and sound, which is such a vast majority
that it's almost statistically not there, the kids who are hurt.
But because we see the J.C. Dugard and the Elizabeth Smarts in our mind,
at the top of that Google search, just like a Google search,
we think it's the most relevant to our lives even though it's actually the least relevant.
So that's why I tried to flip it with like, well, let's look at how unlikely it is
that your child will be hurt.
Well, and I think that's the downside of the news cycle
because I've had news before that I wanted to break with the mainstream media,
and I have contacts within the media for a lot of the spy chips and RFID stuff that I've been working on,
and they always say, unless there's a victim,
I don't care how evil or terrible the thing is you've discovered, we need a victim.
We've got to put a face on the screen.
We've got to have somebody that will engender all those emotions on the part of the viewers.
That was the rule at my, I used to work at the New York Daily News,
you know, the big tabloid here, Superman's Paper, for 14 years.
And if you didn't have a picture of a person, you couldn't run the story on our page.
Yeah, there you go, because they need a victim, exactly.
And so for that reason, if they get a victim, they milk it for everything it's worth.
All right, my guest is Lenore Skenazy, freerangekids.com is her blog.
I'm your host, Dr. Catherine Albrecht.
Come in for Alex Jones. Stay tuned.
This is the only system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid.
Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new Aquamedics advanced media
for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one filter element.
It is the only one that does it.
And out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides,
herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid,
the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro Pure with the new Pro 1 filters today at infowarskstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
You may be arrested and or subject to other police action.
Tyranny is here. The grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality.
It really says that the state is God.
The United States is now recognized globally as one of the most oppressive police states on earth.
This film conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps now being expanded nationwide.
This documentary exposes how the continuity of government program has established an all-powerful shadow state.
Police State 4 chronicles the sickening depth to which our republic has fallen.
Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship, body scammers, sound cameras, citizen spies,
stage terror and cameras on every street corner.
It's only the beginning of the New World Order's hellish plan.
The police state isn't coming. It's here.
Secure your copy today at infowarsk.com or see it online in the highest quality at prisonplanet.tv.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our immunity and health.
At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection of silver-based products.
Our most popular silver-based products are the 32-ounce nano silver solutions.
Our 2-ounce nano silver nasal applicators as well as our all-natural silver soaps.
Just released is our 100% natural silver gel.
Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface.
But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera
to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more effectively.
Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver-based products are best for you.
That's www.silverlungs.com.
The answer to 1984 is 1776.
You're listening to The Alex Jones Show.
Indeed you are. This is The Alex Jones Show.
Katherine Albrecht filling in for Alex Jones. That's Dr. Katherine Albrecht.
My website, kmashow.com.
We're going to open up the phone lines here in just a moment.
1-800-259-9231.
Before we do that, I've got a question for my guest, Lenore Skenazy.
And the reason why I think this topic is so critically important for people who love liberty in this country
is because of what it does to children when you don't allow them to do a single darn thing by themselves.
And I'm talking not even pick up a butter knife to spread the butter on the bread.
At what point do these kids ever become independent functional adults
or do they always remain infantilized looking for some authority figure to give them permission to breathe?
That is a big question.
I don't know the answer, but I can tell you a couple of things that I do here that are disturbing.
One is that until recently, like until the mid-90s, when kids went to college
and they felt they needed some psychological help and they went to the counseling services,
the number one reason they went for was a breakup.
You know, their boyfriend or their girlfriend dumped them and they were feeling terrible.
But what switched then and what has remained the case since then is now they're going because they are overwhelmed by anxiety.
And I think they're overwhelmed because they are not used to coping on their own.
And in terms of Alex Jones' message and yours, what worries me about that is if you can't cope on your own,
who do you turn to, you know?
Is there supposed to be always somebody telling you exactly what to do and how to do it?
Well, if you're not used to thinking on your own, you know, perhaps you start seeking that.
And I just wanted to tell you one other disturbing trend that I heard from, you know,
from the idea that kids just aren't doing things on their own.
They're not playing. They're not organizing their own games.
They're not building the tree houses built for them and then somebody stands underneath and makes sure that nobody falls.
Well, NASA started realizing that they were having a problem because as the Apollo 13 generation was retiring
and they needed to replace the guys who basically sent us to the moon,
they were getting these brilliant graduates of MIT and Caltech and they could do anything,
absolutely anything when it came to a computer program or a simulation of something in the real world.
But when it was the real world, when you needed to figure out how are we going to get these guys back from the moon
with some duct tape and a carton of Tang, they were stumped because they had done so little on their own.
Everything had been programmed. Everything was perfect.
Everything was intellectually stimulating.
But there was no leadership and no thinking on their feet.
And so NASA and the Jet Propulsion Labs, from what I hear, have started, when they interview prospective employees,
have started to ask them, how did you spend your childhood?
Did you spend some time on your own? Did you tinker? Did you make anything on your own?
Did you blow up something in the basement? Because that's what we actually need.
Oh, yeah, I did that on SimCity.
I built a whole city through my computer interface.
Yeah, I built a SimCity way to get those guys home.
No, it's really the case.
And I've had some guests on my show who've talked about the real problem for employers trying to find employees,
and not just NASA, but just across the board, people who not only are able to get the job done,
but are willing to get the job done.
And there's a second piece because they were saying, you know, you ask people,
you'll have these 18-, 19-year-old interns and you'll say, hey, can you go make a cup of coffee?
Or can you make a couple of photocopies?
And they'll say, heck no, I didn't go to college to be doing that kind of job.
And so you've also got the sense of entitlement right along with the incompetence.
It's a great combination.
Oh, my gosh, so I don't know what's going to happen as we go forward.
And also this notion that, you know, kids are turning to their parents,
Mommy, can I go get a straw? And Mommy says, well, as long as I'm watching very closely.
And at some point that's going to be the person who's going to say, excuse me, Obamacare,
can I please take this aspirin?
You know, it just creates this total sense on the part of the kids that they're not competent.
Right, the just sort of like tell me what to do, I'm a vessel.
Like we're talking about with the pick-off and drop-off.
It's, you know, bring me someplace, tell me what to do, and then bring me home.
You know, one thing I heard that was very interesting was an article by an HR person.
I think she was the head of HR at IBM, but I could be wrong,
saying that she preferred to hire the children of immigrants,
preferably immigrants who didn't speak English,
because that meant that the kids were not having their parents interfering for them all the time
and arguing with the teacher and doing their homework.
If you're the child of somebody who doesn't speak the language,
you have to assert yourself and become almost the grown-up in those situations,
and she's impressed by them because they've made it on their own already.
They've already succeeded by the time they've graduated college,
as opposed to the mother calling up the professor and saying, B minus, B minus,
my son knows Milton like nobody knows Milton.
Yeah, you're getting that on the college level, too.
You've got parents calling up college professors complaining about the grades.
I know.
Parents wanting to go with their kids for college application interviews.
If I were a kid, I would have been mortified.
I actually moved out of my home at age 15.
I went to New Mexico and lived on my own in a foreign country
where they didn't even speak English, and I look at what a 15-year-old said.
If I was a lady from IBM, I'd hire you.
There you go, and that probably would be a good move
because I wound up running my own business when I came back
and starting college at 15 and just independently.
I couldn't become a grown-up fast enough.
I wanted all those skills and abilities.
I wanted the ability to maneuver on my own in the world and be independent.
The human drive is to become a grown-up until you've taken it out of kids
by never letting them.
I mean, say you drive a kid every day to school,
and then you drive them to their soccer game,
and then the coach tells you when it's going to start and makes the teams,
and now we're playing, and now you've got them to eat the organic grapes,
and now your parents can drive you home.
I mean, you really don't have much of a life,
and we think that we're helping our children
because we're giving them this great opportunity there on travel soccer,
and we're not making them walk because it's cold or it's rainy,
and actually what we've done is taken out that essential element of childhood,
which is the drive to grow up and the joy that you get out of, like,
I got myself home.
I got lost, and I got myself home.
Those are great moments, not terrible.
Yeah, and we really do try to stamp them out of kids.
All right, my guest this hour, Lenore Skenazy, her absolutely just riveting blog
is at freerangekids.com.
I encourage you to check it out.
She's got stories on there of kids who have been suspended for school
for doing things like making a sheet of paper in the shape of an L
because that shape L might look like a gun.
What was this recent one you had on there about the cake?
Yeah, no, the most recent case of this,
and they do seem to be coming about one every two weeks,
is this is a boy at the beginning of the day.
It's some kind of pastry.
It sounds like maybe a Pop-Tart.
And he chewed it into, he was trying to make it into, he says,
the shape of a mountain, but the teacher thought it looked more like a gun.
And therefore, because of this deadly pastry, he was suspended
because we've absolutely lost our mind when it comes to these
zero tolerance laws.
And we can't tell the difference between a piece of paper shaped like a gun,
a piece of pastry shaped like a gun, a Lego sculpture shaped like a gun,
and kids are getting suspended for all of these, for a Hello Kitty gun,
which shoots bubbles.
A child was recently suspended because we just go immediately to,
oh my God, what if this is real?
I mean, we just love thinking of our children in constant danger
and catastrophizing even the simplest, nicest parts of their day,
like eating a pastry or playing with their friends.
One kid was suspended because he was playing with another friend.
He was playing, I'm going to save the world.
And to save the world, he threw a pretend grenade,
which is a totally imaginary thing, like I'm going to do now.
And that's what he got suspended for,
because the teacher could not see the difference between playing and war
and imagination and an actual grenade that would blow up the school.
And what is this conditioning for, though?
You know, I fly all the time and I'm standing in the TSA line
and you know that if I did what you had just done right now in the air,
you knew that I would be hauled off in handcuffs
and interrogated under a swinging light bulb for 24 hours.
And, you know, it's not just in the schools, it's everywhere.
And I think it's really conditioning for don't even think,
don't even think a thought.
It's absolutely conditioning to what I call, it's like learned obtuseness.
It's like, you know, the chances that somebody is saying, wow, you know,
I'm really going to bomb this plane is, you know,
bored and surly from waiting in the line versus a terrorist
and say it's a grandmother in a wheelchair
and you're still supposed to treat this like an absolute threat.
That's like willing yourself not to think like a normal human being
and become an obtuse idiot, which is what you'd have to be to suspend a kid
who's pretend playing war on the playground,
which children have done since the beginning of time.
I mean, it really is using no judgment whatsoever.
Absolutely.
On the phone lines 1-800-259-9231.
I'm Dr. Catherine Albrecht.
My guest, Lenore Skenazy, is online at freerangekids.com.
And let's go to, let's see, we got Mike listening in California.
Hi, Mike.
You're on with Lenore Skenazy.
Go ahead.
Hi, Mike.
Hi, doctor.
There we go.
We hear you.
Go ahead.
I'm in Red Bluff, California.
We just had a girl kidnapped and murdered on our way home from school.
Oh, it's horrifying.
This week, the perpetrator said he went crazy on drugs.
We had one of the interstate international kidnap, murder,
eat children arrested less than a year ago in Anderson, California,
right up the street.
That's horrifying.
My own child is trafficked.
The FBI is covering this up.
Don't use their statistics.
I personally know of an interstate rink.
There's a cancer of corruption inside the FBI, and Alex is right.
Our children are being trafficked.
Don't let your children out there to be victimized.
Here's what I would say.
I would say definitely have your kids,
especially in a neighborhood where there's been a tragedy
and perhaps the person hasn't been found, definitely travel with a buddy.
That's obviously much safer.
And what I always tell parents is to tell their children, you know,
not that you can't talk to strangers because, you know,
if, God forbid, something bad is happening,
you want the child to feel very free to knock on somebody else's door
or to run across the street to the guy who's raking his leaves and say,
I'm going to stand next to you.
I don't like the guy in the van that's passing by.
So you can always talk to strangers, but never, ever go off with strangers.
And don't feel bad if you're making a stink or screaming or running.
Don't feel embarrassed.
Don't feel like you have to be a good girl.
Don't go off with strangers.
You can talk to strangers, but don't go off with strangers.
Well, and let me address this,
because I think Mike is hitting on something pretty important,
which is that there are international rings that do traffic in children.
You know, even the mainstream media acknowledges this.
So we know that that kind of thing does happen.
You know, I would say for parents in a community like that,
I probably would not let a six-year-old walk down the street in today's day
and age.
I'm sorry. I probably wouldn't.
But, you know, I see 12-year-olds who can't even go to the bathroom by themselves.
You know, 12-year-olds, you were telling me the story of a 12-year-old boy
whose mother, yeah, because his mother didn't want to let him actually go to the bathroom.
He's 12 years old.
So, you know, at what point, and I would ask this of Mike,
at what point do kids earn the right to be able to walk down the street
or go to the bathroom?
Where does that cut-off happen?
Is it at 21?
You know, when can they walk down the street?
Is Mike still there?
Well, yes.
In this area, this is massive corruption.
It's worse than Boston.
You can Google up FBI ruling Bulger, B-U-L-G-E-R, Whitey Bulger,
and understand the FBI has been a cancer inside the FBI,
has been allowing this to continue, including an interstate trafficking ring.
All right.
Well, thanks for the call, Mike.
Let me just jump in with a couple of thoughts here.
First of all, any time the word Google comes up,
I have to correct it and say around here we start page it
because we're giving billions of dollars of free advertising to Google
every time we say to Google something,
and we use StartPage, the private search engine here.
But the other thing I want to say, Lenore,
let's say somebody really just doesn't feel safe
with their kids walking down the street alone.
That's not really what this is about because what it's really about is letting a kid,
you know, use a sharp knife in the kitchen,
letting a kid use a hammer and nails in their own backyard to build a treehouse,
things that nowadays parents are not letting their kids do anything.
There are parents who won't let their children cut a sandwich.
There are parents who won't let children, you know, play in the backyard.
What we've started to do is think of children as in danger by everything.
And just like we were talking about with the TSAC's danger in every passenger,
I feel like we as parents are encouraged to think, oh, my God,
this cup has plastic and plastic could hurt my child.
Oh, my God, this drop-side crib.
I mean, we just recalled all the drop-side cribs because it's sad.
You know, once in a while somebody dies in them,
but does that mean that the crib is inherently dangerous?
You know, one in eight million children dies in a crib.
We started saying that this means that we can't have that on the market anymore.
So the crib is dangerous, the cup is dangerous, the knife is dangerous,
and outside is dangerous because there's sun and the sun could give you cancer.
I mean, we don't think of anything as natural or wholesome for our kids anymore.
Right, and I think it's harming the parents as well.
All right, let me go to New York.
I want to get a woman's opinion on this.
Catherine is holding on the line in New York.
Catherine, you're on with Lenora Scannese.
Go ahead.
Oh, Catherine.
Hello?
Yeah, go right ahead.
Oh, hi.
Yeah, Catherine, I was actually able to sit in on your talk up at Liberty Forum in New Hampshire,
and I want to thank you for that.
And I just wanted to say that I grew up the complete opposite of what you're describing here.
I mean, unfortunately, when I was growing up, I was kind of running away
because my home life was a bit stressful, to say the least.
There was some domestic violence and divorce, and I was pushed out,
you know, forced to kind of grow up too fast.
And I think, I mean, of course, there's a balance, you know, not letting kids grow up enough and pushing them.
And then, you know, even me, I wanted to kind of grow up fast.
But it doesn't work because everything has to be done in nature's process.
And growing up too fast and not having people to rely on and lean on sufficiently enough
actually prevents you from ending up independent and healthy also.
That's a great point.
I don't think anybody is, you know, recommending that kids just be shoved out of the street at age six and fend for yourself.
Lenore?
No, not at all.
First of all, I'm really sorry you grew up in that kind of environment because it sounds really rough.
The idea of free range is not freewheeling, and it's certainly not abuse.
The idea that we do what, you know, hopefully good parents have done throughout time,
which is gradually train our children to be more responsible and give them their independence as they prove it.
So if you teach your child to cross the street safely and you've watched him do it and you know that he's competent,
then you let him start crossing the street, you know, your own block and then maybe a couple blocks further.
And you do the same with riding a bike.
You do the same with letting them babysit.
It's a gradual process, and it doesn't have anything to do with neglect.
It has to do with teaching.
Well, and I think that it's almost a sign of an involved parent who actually wants to nurture those skills.
And, you know, it's probably much easier to just leave your kid in the basement playing video games
and not ever let them do anything than to have them come up in the kitchen and actually help you out with the sharp knife.
Or learn how to sharpen a knife or actually enable them to do some of the things you're talking about.
I think about, Lenore, when you let your nine-year-old take the subway, you were not just off in some crack house,
you know, spaced it out while he did that.
You were, like, standing by.
You were right there at the place where he was going to wind up.
I mean, you were paying full and complete, 100 percent attention to that.
And we sat on the floor with him and looked at the map and made sure he knew how to read the map
and gave him quarters for the phone and gave him $20 in case, God forbid, something happened
and he needed a hop and a cab and had been on the subway umpteen times with him before.
So, I think it's really, if I could just sum it up, I think it's a different form of involved parenting
that's more about establishing independence than dependence.
All right, stay tuned. We'll be right back for the final segment right after this.
Music
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day.
If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better.
You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared.
For years, we've told you about our friends at eFoods Direct.
They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food on the planet.
This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight.
A long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from eFoods Direct.
Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies.
Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared.
Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
Hey there, my name is Frank Bates.
Do you know the number one most valuable item in a crisis?
Some people think the answer is gold.
Others think it's a gun.
But the correct answer will shock you.
I just created a free video at Crisis123.com that reveals a surprising item that is more valuable than gold in a crisis.
97% of Americans don't have this one critical item.
In fact, they haven't even given it a thought.
And the sad truth is that you may not survive without it when a real crisis hits and a starving mob is right outside your door.
What I have to tell you could literally make the difference between life and death for you and your family.
Watch my video at Crisis123.com to discover the number one most valuable item in a crisis.
You'll be shocked.
See the controversial video that thousands of other smart patriots have already seen in the last three months.
Go watch my video now at Crisis123.com before they force me to shut it down.
Again, that's Crisis123.com.
My name is Stephen Huir.
After 22 years of nutritional counseling, I've observed that most brain malfunctions have at their roots some form of toxicity and brain damage.
So whether it is poor memory, poor focus, lack of creative thinking, or more serious matters like inability to focus, speak normally, or remember things,
the emphasis to getting one's brain working optimally needs to be on detoxification.
One World Way supports your body's number one means of detoxification, which is glutathione production.
My name is Angie and my son has suffered from borderline autism and constipation.
I got him on One World Way and in two months his constipation is gone.
He has become friendlier.
He can carry on a normal conversation with me and he has made his first friend.
He's doing great and he looks forward to taking One World Way every day.
You could offer him a present or a cake and he would prefer the One World Way.
Go to OneWorldWay.com.
That's OneWorldW-H-E-Y.com or call 888-988-3325.
That's 888-988-3325.
And speaking of back, we are back.
Final segment here, Catherine Albrecht filling in for Alex Jones
as he gets some much deserved rest.
We need him, tan, rested and ready to continue to lead the revolution across this country.
Against the new world order, we all know what's coming.
We all do. We all feel it in our bones.
Whether you want to call it a spiritual or a political or an economic battle, we all feel it coming.
And I, for one, have my hat off to Alex Jones.
I want to say thank you for all that he does.
I also want to say thank you to all the listeners for all the support.
I've gotten lots of lovely emails in from you guys this hour.
I am going to be with you again tomorrow and also on Friday.
I've got a whole lineup of fabulous guests and, of course,
I'll be giving you the updates from my corner of the battle where I work on the issue of RFID tracking,
consumer privacy, and also going to be reporting in on what's going on down there in San Antonio
where they've got 4,200 kids wearing remotely readable RFID tracking beacons around their necks.
See, that's really where this goes.
Lenore Skenazy is my guest this hour.
Lenore, let me ask you about this program down in Texas because taken to its logical conclusion,
this idea that kids are not competent, that they're not allowed to go anywhere or be anywhere,
I just spent a week down in San Antonio, Texas, talking to the vendor of this program
where they've got these remotely readable tracking devices around kids' necks.
Every 25 seconds, they believe that these kids are at such risk on campus
that they need to pinpoint their precise location, store it in a giant database,
and know where these kids are literally every 25 seconds all day long.
That's twice a minute.
And, yeah, well, here's the part that really gets me is, as I was talking to Mike Wade,
the vendor of this program at Wade Garcia,
he actually said that one of the administrators at one of the schools says he can't sleep at night
because after the kids leave the bus stop, you know, after they get off the bus,
that he can't track them all the way home and throughout their evening and for the entire rest of their lives.
So he says he literally is losing sleep, quote, unquote,
because he cannot track the kids in his school after they leave school.
You know, it's so interesting because what I talk about a lot is that all these new devices
that are supposed to give us peace of mind from the cell phone to GPSing our kids to RFID tags
actually do the exact opposite because in the olden days when I didn't immediately come home from school,
my mom figured I'd stop at a friend's house or maybe I went to get a candy bar
or I was playing in the park or whatever, and she didn't immediately freak out.
But nowadays, if you can't get your kid on the phone immediately, if you send a text and they're not there
or you're GPSing them and their battery runs out and you don't know where they are,
the immediate idea is that, oh, my God, they're in terrible danger because that's what we've been trained to think.
The second that we're not in touch, either physically or electronically with our kids,
we're supposed to imagine the very worst.
And there are TV commercials and radio commercials that go on and on about, like,
imagine if your child wasn't with you, don't you have to know all the time or they could be in terrible danger.
And when you're taught to act like that, you start thinking that you can't let your children out of your eyes
or out of your electronic eyes ever, and it drives you crazy and it trains the child that they're a prisoner.
It's like those ankle bracelets that guys on parole wear.
I mean, somehow we're supposed to be tracking them all the time.
What happened to their freedom?
Well, and they're going to grow up expecting that.
They're going to feel unsafe unless they're being tracked,
and they're going to be begging the government for the tracking device.
Or simply taking it for granted.
That music means we're done here.
Lenore Skenazy, I want to thank you so much for joining me.
FreeRangeKids.com.
All right, and apologies to the callers I didn't get to, but I will be back and we'll do it all again tomorrow.
Catherine Albrecht filling in for Alex Jones.
God bless. Bye-bye.
