Big Brother. Mainstream media. Government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Ladies and gentlemen, what we are seeing right now is just unprecedented here in the United
States. Again, my friends, it is Friday, April 19th, 2013. I just talked to our reporter
Dan Badandi that is at Lexington Green. We're oath keepers. We're trying to get through
to Stuart Rhodes right now. We're oath keepers. Go ahead and get Dan Badandi on if we can't
get ahold of Stuart Rhodes.
Where they're being told the police have revoked the permit for them to have a oath taking
ceremony to defend the Bill of Rights and Constitution because that is the enemy now
that the occupiers hate. And of course, they revoked their permit to demonstrate, but the
anti-gun group that got their permit revoked, they are allowed to take Lexington Green and
make all sorts of red coat Bloombergian announcements.
That's happening while Boston and surrounding cities in Massachusetts into Connecticut have
martial law declared. They're calling it a civil emergency where they're going to people's
houses with machine guns. I was watching the news and you've seen it, they're sitting there
aiming guns at people as they drive down city streets.
The police are acting like the killer is under every table. And again, people die every day
of automobile accidents, you name it. It's just okay, somebody died. But when somebody
shot, my gosh, it's over dramatized. And obviously, we feel bad for those that have been killed.
It's just that when they kill a whole bunch of people in a drone strike who were innocent,
they're like, that's collateral damage, no big deal because it's our loving government
doing it.
And AP reporters reported that if they try to go out anywhere on the streets basically
in a multi-state area, in large areas of Massachusetts and Connecticut, the police come over and
aim guns at them and say, you wanna die? Don't you film us, you go back inside. So we don't
know if any of what we're being told is true, not by the uncle, not by the media, none of
it.
Because we have footage of Navy SEALs and other special ops just everywhere around the
bombing right before it happens and right after in control of the situation. And they've
lied about the drill they clearly had. Witnesses said that they heard announcements of be calm,
it's a drill. We know they're lying about that.
And here's the New York Times, what does an inside job mean? It runs a spectrum from knowing
something's gonna happen and letting it happen, to provocateuring it and arming and aiding
the people, to having globalist crime commanders who were over actual terrorists who think
they're fighting a jihad, to an absolutely staged event.
And that's the continuum it runs. And standard procedure to have Arabs, to have Muslims,
to have right wingers, to have everybody in a false flag. Same thing with Oklahoma City,
I said this on Monday. Minutes into this happening, I said, you'll probably end up having Muslims
there.
You'll have right winger, rednecks there, and you'll have military there. And you'll
have intelligence agencies there, if it's a false flag. And then we will basically not
know ever really what happens. It's the signs of the drill and the cover up of the drill.
And now they could tell us whatever they want. But remember, the CIA for the last decade
or more has been funding radical Chechens, Al Qaeda affiliated groups all over Chechen
and surrounding areas.
These guys were getting scholarships and stuff. It's always the same MO of double agents,
triple agents we don't know. And I mean, there is a 1% chance, maybe a 3% chance, maybe even
a 5% chance that they're real organic Muslim terrorists who kind of pick up on the hype
of all of this war on terror and go out and basically copycat.
So that is a factor. This could be a real terror attack, as I've said from day one.
It's a very low probability. But then why do you have the big drill with guys with backpacks
everywhere right around where it happens staring? And then you had another patsy they said they
arrested and it was going to be the redneck. And then they had to abandon that and go with
Plan B. And you've got meeting with a shoddy ambassador or foreign minister. And oh, I
thought it was the right wingers, the media said.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions
are stockpiling food, gold and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you
for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective
against bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver
has over 500 different uses and a long term shelf life, making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared, go to SupernaturalSilver.com. Use the promo code prepared for 20% off your
entire order and like us on Facebook.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Bend Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system,
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're
sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's
a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power so even if the grid
goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed. Getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is also ridiculously
easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes. So there's no need to let a stranger into
your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever
you go. You aren't always at home but SimpliSafe will stand guard protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
Defending the Republic from enemies foreign and domestic, it's Alex Jones.
If you go back to Monday afternoon when I went into overdrive on air to break down what
I thought was going to end up happening at the Boston Marathon, you'll find that as usual,
we were on target with a spectrum of analysis because I've seen this over and over again.
I said if there was a drill and if there's a bunch of federal agents around where the
bombing happens, I pulled this article up and I read it on air. Terrorist plots, FBI
hatched by the FBI. Terrorist plots that were hatched by the FBI, New York Times, April
28th, 2012, which we've reported at on Nauseam.
The FBI cooked the bomb, trained the driver, gave him the detonator with the first World
Trade Center attack. Did it mean that the guys that did it weren't radical Islamicist
nut jobs? No, no, they were, and they had like 75 IQs. And instead of just stinging
them and setting them up, they gave them real weapons and let them go ahead with it so the
government could get more funding and take more of our liberties.
Our government on record has been funding for 20 years the Chechen rebels to bomb the
Russians. That's declassified, just like they created Al-Qaeda and the Taliban, and they're
putting Al-Qaeda and Taliban in charge in Libya and Syria. I have predicted, and it's
actually happened over in the Middle East now, shooting and firing missiles and high
caliber rifles at passenger aircraft.
I predicted the 10,000 heat seeking missiles that Obama helped give Al-Qaeda in Benghazi
and their takeover of Libya. I am predicting that you will see in the next few years they
will shoot down Western aircraft with those. Real nut job groups will, and the government
will grandstand during it. And I will come out with the articles from 2011, 12, and 13,
mainly 2012, 13.
I'll say, look, here's where our government helped them get the missiles. This was wrong.
Don't take my rights. And there will be articles like there are in the LA Times calling me
an anti-American dirtbag. Now remember, we got Stuart Rhodes on the line. We're about
to go to him from Lexington Green, and he's there with Larry Pratt. Larry's gonna pop
in in the next hour.
Ladies and gentlemen, they were gonna go with the right wing tea party. Axelrod on Tuesday
night said, it's gonna be right wing, it's lone wolf, it's one guy. That's on record.
We're gonna play those clips later, in case you missed them. Then they had all the Democratic
operatives on Wednesday come out on MSNBC, CNN, you name it.
And they said, ladies and gentlemen, it is the right wingers. We're not liberty to say
exactly yet, but yes, it's a right wing, probably a soldier. I watched CNN and MSNBC last night
before I went on air live on the Nightly News at 7. And I saw CNN with three different hosts
and guests all say, it's gonna be a veteran, it's gonna be a Navy SEAL.
Now, do you understand that? Where did you hear Navy SEAL first? You heard it here, you
heard it here, you heard it here, you heard it here, you heard it here. And then you saw
it on Drudge. We didn't say the Navy SEALs did it. The Navy SEALs were called out there
in case they wanted to set them up to be standing out in plain view in their unofficial uniforms,
which looks like Kraft International, a sheep dip group just like McVeigh.
And they were looking at setting up veterans in this country. And that's what all the scum,
you saw it on CNN and everywhere else. They were all saying, by Tuesday night, they were
saying, we've confirmed and found the quotes. They were saying it might be Navy SEALs, wow,
whoa.
So they were looking at setting up the rednecks in the audience with the big backpacks. They
were looking at the hillbilly types, the achy breaky heart lookalike guys. They were looking
at setting up the military. This is how they always run this. I've learned this from the
First World Trade Center, had multiple groups there.
I've learned this from Oklahoma City, where I've interviewed the police, the detectives,
all of them. They had four different groups there. They had Iraqis, they had Iranians,
they had CIA, they had German intelligence. I guess there's more than that. They had El
Ahim City white supremacists. They had Army Special Forces. I guess that's six groups.
And we know their names. We know who was there. The FBI, good guys went public and said, we've
seen the footage of McVeigh with all these guys.
So I'm gonna go to Stuart Rhodes to get his take on this as a constitutional lawyer. And
because I'm gonna get more into this and walk through it all today, but we're being censored
all over the place. Officially, this is pouring in and we've tried to post our articles on
Facebook and they're being blocked.
People are getting errors posting our stuff to Facebook. You cannot publish this link
because it contains a dangerous link. They're not saying we're dangerous. Users tried to
publish our article Navy Seals Spotted at Boston Marathon, we're getting all the screenshots
of this, wearing suspicious backpacks.
We're showing this so they don't set up the Navy Seals. And I said that day one when we
discovered this. What was it, Wednesday? Went up on Drudge. Drudge was like, hey, look at
this, this is important. And the LA Times is out saying there are no Navy Seals and
they have a graphic of me as a giant rat with my listeners as rats coming out of a sewer.
Okay, listen, there are dozens of videos and dozens of photos now of people with Navy Seal
insignias that look like Navy Seals. Look like the high school star football players.
It looks like any star football team, they're all out there, out there.
They were told be there for a drill, we know went on from the eyewitnesses. We know that
and we have the police scanners and all of it, the drill happened. They were put out
there as cannon fodder, as a smokescreen. And there might have even been explosives
in those backpacks, here, hold this.
We don't know, but we've seen this before, that's how they set McVeigh up. And again,
they tell you play the part of a drill, a drill to find bombs, they set you up. Again,
this is done over and over again. But then they weren't able, they said, make sure Stuart
Rhodes is there, I'm going to him right now.
They've done this over and over again, where they'll have multiple fallbacks. So we released
these photos when they didn't think anybody noticed them. Right as they're announcing,
we've got our person, CNN's like, we're told it's a right wing lone wolf, one man. We've
got the right winger, it's gonna come out, he's arrested, he's at the courthouse.
Then they panic and go, no, no, forget that, there's no arrest, forget it. And let's all
go to sleep, and let's evacuate the courthouse and forget you ever saw that. And I said,
they're going from the right wingers probably, to now they're gonna go with a Muslim. And
I said that, because why they have all these Muslims clearly crawling around there, obviously
part of it with their body language and everything.
Probably thinking they're patriots, who've been recruited out of colleges. And these
guys were clearly recruited out of colleges. Now, could they be double agents for some
Muslim group? Yes, they could be real. The point is, over 100 cases the last 16, 17 years,
I guess longer since 1993, that's 20 years, that are on record where the FBI finds mentally
ill people, gives them the weapons, and then orders them to carry out the attack as their
imam.
As their imam, they have FBI agents and officers and minions that are fake imams that command
these guys to do this stuff. So they can take our liberty and set up martial law all over
Boston, all the way into Connecticut, aiming guns at people at checkpoints, threatening
to kill AP reporters, APs reporting, going in houses, house to house, a giant martial
law exercise.
And now there was a shootout, they're gonna blame the Second Amendment. Now, he's leaving
Lexington Green, the police were going to block them. But I mean, Larry Pratt and Stewart
said, you're violating our rights, and so they backed off. But I wanna get as a constitutional
lawyer, the head of Oath Keepers, and of course, worked for Ron Paul in Congress as well.
I wanna get your take on, is it not martial law when Fourth Amendment's suspended, and
they're pointing guns at everybody in a multi-state area and going in houses. Stewart Rhodes,
what are we seeing happen here, sir?
Well, it is actually the exact upside down of how it's supposed to be. In the Founders
era, there was someone like that running around killing people. It would have been a hue and
a cry gone up, and the entire community would have turned out and hunted them down.
If that guy was outside my house shooting at cops, I'd have flied my M4 out and kill
him, exactly.
Right, exactly, that's what should happen. As I said in an alert I sent around a little
while ago, we hope he shows up at Lexington Green cuz we'll either kill or capture him.
So this is what we're supposed to be doing, it's really sad. So in response to this, it
should be, we all turn out and we hunt him down. You know who your neighbors are, you
know who belongs and who don't, in pretty short order you could have found him. But
instead the message is, let the wolf around. Now all you sheep must stay in your pens,
stay in your barns, and let us professional sheep herders and sheep dogs hunt down the
wolf. You stay in your house, we'll come into your house one by one and search it to make
sure us authorized professionals will do it.
That's exactly-
And make a giant scene out of it. I predict that if he was in an area of Texas, he'd already
be dead.
He'd be dead, that's exactly right. What you do, the answer is, let us have guns so we
can turn out and go hunting down. And the thing goes for our gathering at Lexington
Green, it was absurd to have the town selectmen arguing about it. They can't provide protection
to a bunch of current serving and retired military employees, a bunch of combat veterans
standing on the green as though we need their protection. It's absolutely absurd.
You're not even allowed to be on the green as if one guy is omnipresent and multiple
states have to fall to their knees and you're-
Alex, this morning we were at Concord Bridge and there was a reenactment there. A large
crowd of folks watched the reenactment. We were able to walk all over the place and do
whatever we want. Apparently, there wasn't the same emergency at Concord, but there was
at Lexington just down the street.
So it's absolute pretext. This is the same argument that was used by Bull Connor, got
in Birmingham, to stop the civil rights marchers. They said, I can't protect you against the
Klan, so therefore you can't march. And if you march, I'm going to sit my attack dogs
on you and spray you with water hoses. So it was a nonsense argument that shut down
their free speech. This was the same. The town selectmen used the exact same argument.
We petitioned Blake Felipe and the 10th Amendment Center, followed emergency petition yesterday
for injunction with the court. The court ruled this morning against us, saying that because
of the emergency situation, that we had no merit in our claim. Total nonsense. We will
take care of ourselves. And when we went to Lexington, there's nothing going on in Lexington,
except we're standing there to do an oath ceremony. And luckily, the captain in charge,
Captain Thoreau, was sympathetic and respectful of our rights, and let us stand in front of
the tavern there on the green and do our oath.
Despite the fact he'd been told not to let you.
Well, we were not allowed to do the rally, but he let us do the, we said this morning,
we're going to go and do this. We're going to go on Lexington Green. I went there prepared
to be arrested, as did a bunch of other veterans. And our message to the police was, look, you
can either let us take five minutes to do our oath ceremony on the green, or you can
process, you know, arrest and process all of these veterans and retired cops.
I mean, is this a free country? Is this a free country? Stay there.
You could say they blinked, but I think the way I can file cops, I think in fairness to
them, they are respectful of our rights. In fact, one of the-
All right, Stuart, stay there. Gotta go to break. Stay there.
Ceramic body armor is rated to stop six hits, but what about the seventh? Unlike
ceramic or Kevlar, Infidel body armor is proven to take hit after hit, and it just won't quit.
Reasonably priced and designed for the smart civilian prepper, Infidel stops hundreds of
hits from small arms to high powered rifles. That means safety and peace of mind. Buy yours
at infidelbodyarmor.com, spelled I-N-F-I-D-E-L, body armor.com. Infidel body armor just won't
quit. We the people grow cotton and wheat fabric, engrave ink, embed strips and fibers
to protect from counterfeit, and carting to a private bank, having it led back at interest,
forcing taxes to service debt. This capitalism, or was Jefferson correct when stating a central
bank issuing the public currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than a
standing army? Hi, Ted Anderson. I'm placing a free silver dollar in a book that explains
our monetary system. Call for your copy of 800-686-2237. It's time to understand the
system. Call 800-686-2237. That's 800-686-2237. In the last two years alone, the U.S. has seen
huge losses to our food supply. In 2011, storms and floods raged across the U.S., costing us
$20 billion in lost crops alone. In 2012, we saw the largest drought in the country in more than
50 years. You may think out of sight, out of mind, and so you don't think you will be affected.
The fact is you are. We all are. Food shortages drive prices up for everyone. You might not be
able to control mother nature, but you can control your food prices by freezing the cost
and availability of your food supply with eFoods Direct. Be prepared before you need it with
nutrient-dense food you can store for up to 25 years. You can hope for the best, but hope won't
feed you. Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best, durable foods out there from
eFoods Direct. Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex
and check out their spring specials. Again, that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web
at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex. You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
In an emergency situation, would you drink contaminated water? You could if you had the
amazing LifeStraw from MyPatriotSupply.com. LifeStraw is the most advanced personal water
filter available today. It filters contaminated water from almost any source. LifeStraw is
lightweight and compact, perfect for hiking, camping or in an emergency like a flood. LifeStraw
is easy to clean, comes with a one-year warranty and has been used worldwide since 2005. Get the
amazing LifeStraw personal water filter at MyPatriotSupply.com. Plus check out Survival
Seat Vault, 20 seat varieties for only $37.95, Tatler canning lids, long-term storable foods
as low as $69.95 and much more at MyPatriotSupply.com. Enjoy stress-free shipping on all
orders over $49. Call 866-229-0927 or visit MyPatriotSupply.com. That's 866-229-0927,
MyPatriotSupply.com for emergency preparedness, self-reliance and food independence.
Is this the year you finally get serious about your family's drinking water? If so,
keep listening for a special offer from Big Berkey Water Filters. Did you know that over 60% of
municipal water is fluoridated? Berkey Water Filters distinguish themselves from many other
filtration systems with the capability to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine,
fluoride, arsenic and disinfection byproducts from municipal water via the Black Berkey and
PF line of filters. Then there's affordability. At only 1.7 cents per gallon, Berkey Water Filters
purify treated and untreated water, even stagnant pond water. Stop and think how much money you could
save by simply reducing buying bottled water and using water filtered by your Berkey Water Filter.
No need to be constantly replacing expensive filters with a Berkey. A single set of filters
can last for 5 to 10 years. Choose the best size Berkey for your needs at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
And right now, all GCN listeners get 5% off all ceramic filter systems. Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY.
That's 877-99-BER-KEY or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com. Free shipping on every order
over $50. Big Berkey Water Filters, for the love of clean water.
Well,
the father of Zarnave says that if anything happens to his son, ABC News is reporting,
all hell will break loose. He says that from the country that's right next door to
Chechnya. I mean, this is ridiculous. America shakes in its boots over one guy running around
and multi states, multi states basically have martial law in place. Can you imagine if a real
civil war actually broke out in this country and they try to take our guns?
I mean, you had just police everywhere in groups trying to engage us. That's why 100,000
US troops couldn't keep and hold Baghdad. That's why they had to stir up sea ites and Sunnis to
kill each other to control the area. And ladies and gentlemen, again, they bring in these foreigners
at record numbers, give them scholarships, wind them up, allow them to attack, and that's a type
of false flag. You have this full spectrum from where they know something's gonna happen and let
it happen, that's a false flag to get what you want. To they provocateur it and nudge you and
fund you, to where they purely provocateur where they command you and give you the bomb,
give you the detonators, FBI's done that over 100 times on record.
To the government does it all itself or uses contractors and then blames the patsy.
And most of them are where they provocateur and wind the person up. But the big spectacular ones,
like 9-11, that's a manufactured deal where they had some double agent cutouts. And that came out
that Mohammed Atta and all those guys worked for the CIA. And that came out in Newsweek,
that people are ignorant and go, all right, conspiracy theorists, these are facts.
Let me ask you this question, Stuart Rhodes, you clearly got what looks like Craft International.
It's their skull with the red craft on it. And it looks like Craft International is
and it looks like trucks they use. And they're trying to keep this off the web everywhere.
The FBI said in this press conference, do not look at anything else but this.
And you've got the Navy SEALs all standing, I mean, 20, 30 feet from where the bomb goes off.
We've confirmed there was a drill, witnesses, the police scanners. So they use the drill.
One could argue they're trying to stop the bombing, but why would they then lie about
that? They would say we tried to stop it. Plus they weren't in the bearing of searching people.
They said never mind the backpacks, this is a drill. So do they use a drill to make the
cops stand down so the backpacks could get in? Again, whoever made that order, police,
that's who is in control of this. Stuart Rhodes, what do you say about the false flag angle of
this? Because they don't want us to look at these Navy SEALs and what looks like special
forces of other branches crawling all over right before the bomb happened.
What do you say from your research? Well, I mean, I can't, like I said to you,
Dan, when I was talking to you, I can't tell by someone's clothing who they are. But as you said,
this has been the pattern. This has been a well-established pattern of our government to
set up people that they fund to go do something and then they want to stop them before they
commit the act. Sometimes they get through. That's happened before.
And so that's all I would want to say about that though.
Exactly. I'm sure there have been relevance. I mean, you gotta say to the FBI, it's immoral
that they go find mentally ill people and try to train them to blow stuff up. And 99% of the time,
they stop them before they do it. But Oklahoma City, there was a drill and a bomb sting they
claimed went bad. And of course, we know that's not what really happened. So that's why I'm
saying we need to look at this as the number one. Who stands to gain from this? We know we're gonna
lose liberties because of this, Stuart. Well, that's the thing. Like I said the other day,
whether it turned out to be foreign or domestic, they're still going to use the, you know,
it's a pretext to clamp down more on our freedom. That's what we just saw. Like I said, it's exactly
upside down how it's supposed to be. Constitutional Homeland Security is you and me with our guns in
our hands and our eyes and our ears open wide open and go on and find out who the guy is. That
was the whole point of a militia. That's the whole point of a posse. That's the whole point
of a hue and a cry. Not to go close your doors and stay inside your house with professionals
handling. That's fast backwards. All right, finishing your story. So the police,
we call it a victory in America that you can go to a public green. I mean, what is this,
Tiananmen Square? But the police were not completely tyrannical, so that's good.
Well, they were, you know, because of them, the captain in charge was very sympathetic
and on our side. And he let us stand in front of what's known as the tavern? Buckman Tavern,
which is part of the green. We stood in front of Buckman's Tavern and renewed our oaths there.
And we held a nice oath ceremony with a prayer. We had a Vietnam combat vet Marine
do the oath ceremony. And I, you know, told we're here to follow the footsteps of the
founding generation. We had a motion company in 1798 stand on the green and renew their oaths.
That's why we're there to do the same thing. And so the police were respectful. The town
councilmen were not. And so our fight is with them, not with the rank and file.
No, exactly. We always experience the politicians are corrupt while the rank and file police
officers are not. They're good to go. Oathkeepers.org. I know you're going to go
speak with Larry. We're going to get him to talk in about, go ahead.
We also have the, we have the crew here from gray state and they're filming everything that's going
on. We'll share the food and they're doing it for the Oathkeeper movie project. Good job. Good job,
Stuart. We're on the March, the empire's on the run, Alex Jones and the GCN radio network.
In the last two years alone, the U S has seen huge losses to our food supply in 2011 storms
and floods raged across the U S costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone in 2012.
We saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years. You may think out of sight,
out of mind. And so you don't think you will be affected. The fact is you are, we all are food
shortages, drive prices up for everyone. You might not be able to control mother nature,
but you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply with
E foods direct be prepared before you need it with nutrient dense food, you can store for up to 25
years. You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you do what I've done and get your own supply
of the best durable foods out there for me. Foods direct call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web
at e foods direct.com forward slash Alex and check out their spring specials. Again, that number is
800-409-5633 are on the web at e foods direct.com forward slash Alex. You can bet your life on E
foods direct. Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to
support our immunity and health. At silver lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing
a full selection of silver based products. Our most popular silver based products are the 32 ounce
nano silver solutions, our two ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well as our all natural
silver soaps. Just released is our 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver gel is not based on
synthetic gelling agents which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface. But rather,
we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera
to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more effectively.
Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver based products are best
for you. That's www.silverlungs.com introducing pro one all of your filtration in one system
portable on the go no more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride
you have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic
acid advanced manufacturing technology combined silver impregnated white ceramic with new
aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element
it is the only one that does it and out of the gates we have it discounted at 10% off with promo
code water this is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides herbicides
chloramines ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate get your pro pure with the
new pro one filters today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139
from the front lines of the information war it's alex jones
jokar zarnev is supposedly the young skinny man that we all nationwide why not put the
whole country under martial law why not put up 315 million people in prison because of this they
are all over boston surrounding suburbs into connecticut at checkpoints pointing their m4s
at men and women in their cars jerking people out going in houses they're about to have a
press conference i was just watching it out there with just incredible off the chart unbelievable
grandstanding grandstanding going on with just u.s army troops police everything an orgy of
martial law and now they're saying we're going to have tsa on every street corner we're going to
search the malls none of you have due process none of you have any rights none of you have any future
unless we keep you safe this is america being eaten by the security services this is land of
the free home of the brave but the border's wide open i've been down to the texas border shot video
of it where illegal aliens just come back and forth ride their horses across and the border
patrols down there harassing university of texas alumni who had a couple kurz lights in their
cooler they were down there searching them and giving them tickets and taking them to jail while
illegal aliens just walked past gotten cars on our side and drove by the illegal aliens build the
fake border fences the illegal aliens get get to have their babies free they get to get out of jail
free for drunk driving the citizens we are the milk cows we are the food and there's just ever
more men playing army punch up info wars.com for me i want to show people this i mean just just
just look at this right here men playing army uh we're all festooned in their gear treating us like
garbage saying they don't care what the law is because they're going to keep us safe from the
terrorist and then the media is is is is so incredibly servile let's let's show some of the
navy's uh let's let let's show some of the navy seal what's not working right now
hey well that's okay it's okay it doesn't matter let's show everybody
the navy seals they don't want people to see let's let's go to that oh by the way i've said
there's been a mainstream media dinosaur media blackout on this because the la times uh document
cam please gentlemen the la times uh is reporting uh that i am basically a big fat giant demonic
rat that says internet sewer and shows a manhole sewer cover and it says right on schedule the
vermin surface the u.s government orchestrated the boston marathon bombing obama did it so he
can take our guns he used navy seals backed up by flying monkeys from oz that's the la times oh
oh la times alex jones has a sick theory about the boston marathon bombings la times david
horsey now oh wait but i have a problem here for him what does this say for for
radio listeners you can go to the washington post this is the washington times
there's also a blurb in the washington post men with backpacks at boston marathon private
contractors and it goes on to say that they've denied that or won't comment but that sure enough
these look like people wearing craft international uniforms that is a sheep dip group
for navy seals and they look like navy seals okay the point is they're crawling all over right where
the bombing goes off and we know there was a drill but they say there wasn't a drill
and they're desperate that no one see this and you have the fbi spokesman saying do not look at
anything else from in and around the bomb but these two men we're going to show you this is it
this is what you look at whatever you do don't look at other stuff and i have all the evil
photos and videos they say you're not supposed to look at up at infowars.com and as soon as christie
has those screenshots because she said before the show she was getting them so let's see if she's
already probably emailed those over to us don't worry about the cnn feed not working guys let's
just shut that down and not worry about it okay i want to get the feed of this to show everybody
this people are getting errors posting our stuff to facebook you cannot publish this link because
it contains a dangerous link and i've seen this all over youtube people are commenting
that user tried to publish our article navy still spotted at boston marathon wearing suspicious
backpacks and it goes on to say customer service here at our office is being flooded with calls
saying and emails saying the exact same thing so so they don't want this discussed okay because
it fits the mo of drills being run to protect the crazy patsies or the crazy wound up goons
uh the the the the the provocateur and lunatics just like the feds protected the two guys that
drove the bomb that the feds had cooked and and give them real detonators to bomb the world trade
center in 1993 and and again uh there it is uh in the washington times infowars.com reports
the photographs were sent to them by anonymous along with photos of possible suspects the fbi
asked media not to distribute now of course we put this out almost two days before they said
don't distribute them and by the way we did google searches on these images you can do that function
these are on real facebook real news sites so at first they said help us look at all the photos
we're like okay well here are these oh no don't look at those whatever you do because you've got
these navy seals or what looks like navy seals with the police and the photos and videos pretty
much in charge and it's clearly some type of drill going on 20 30 feet from where the bombs go off
and then you've got all the high def photos of what looks like people that you know look like
they've got the shape of the pressure cookers in in the bags you can see the bulges you've got
all these different patsy groups and i immediately identified that tuesday
when watson discovered all this i said look at how they got the redneck patsies
look in the different direction the body language look at how they've got the arab patsies
look at how they've got and the seals are all standing around like what are we doing
and they just get a bunch of people in there and then who knows who really planted the bombs
it might have been uh zar nav is this zardoz or something i mean uh science fiction names
i mean uh yeah jokar jokar is the one living uh and uh zar nav is the last name and tamarlin
tamarlin is the supposed larger boxer brother uh who's dead i mean who knows if any of it's true
maybe it's all true maybe none of it's true all i know is you acted guilty as sin when drills and
stand downs were brought up at those three press conferences i mean ladies and gentlemen when we
plugged infowars.com whenever dan bedondi our reporter in the third press conference
after they canceled the others and by the way the police and fbi came over and said
you're gonna you and infowars are gonna be good now right you're not gonna cause a problem and
why didn't they arrest them or throw them out they didn't want to make a scene in front of all the
reporters they knew to just act like it's nothing and just talk over him he'd say hey i have photos
here of all these others what may be suspects and why were their navy seals there they're like
talking over him he goes it's on infowars.com that was on every channel in the western world
yesterday and we were we were it's a testament to our it people on our caching servers we were
getting 100,000 new visitors every 60 seconds not hits visitors for about an hour and the site
stayed up 100,000 visitors a minute i haven't had time to even look at all the analytics on this
and the point is if the system didn't want this to get out it did okay and it's it's been mentioned
in the washington post as a tiny footnote and the washington times that oh who are these people they
look like contractors gee you see them telling cops what to do with big black backpacks on
staring in the direction of where the bomb goes off and then right around it right after it happens
right after it happens and again i have a limited crew and i have a limited staff
and i already had interviews for upcoming films my a lot of my crews out in california right now
but i need listeners to do this we need to get and we have a bunch of these clips coming up we
have we probably have i don't know let's not exaggerate 15 clips of chris matthews on msnbc
and cnn and and and guest of our favorite red coat piers morgan and everybody everybody
on cnn msnbc cnbc even fox saying this will probably end up being military vets that are
disgruntled maybe even navy seals i saw cnn and msnbc four times and i'm believing i'm not
watching the news it's kind of on during breaks and on while i'm doing research or i'll see it
on youtube four times say navy seals in fact before we saw these photos of navy seals
i guess it was wednesday yeah so so we we found out about this wednesday
tuesday i saw cnn and then i saw text of other shows saying and people sent me transcripts
of them going yeah it could be like disgruntled navy seals so now that tells me and these were
like globalist operatives on tv you know top fbi analyst you know could be navy seals what
so we've got to go dig all that creepiness up
they they were actually thinking about framing navy seals
because i mean who would come up with navy seals
it's like all this stuff about the the the patriot groups are going to work with al-qaeda
to attack america and all these tv shows not based in reality but creating this narrative
and you get the internal homeland security training manuals this is why i say all this
and it's like yes yes the army war college is training that we're going to have to engage
christians working with al-qaeda to bomb the police stations and they teach the state police
this the state police go the christians are with al-qaeda and are gonna bomb us we need
to confiscate their guns what fox news reported this two weeks ago and we've got it on screen
of your tv viewer so i'm up here going g if something happens and they try to blame patriots
and then it happened and with no evidence they start saying it's going to be a lone wolf white
person media matters is directly white house run on record salon heavily connected slate
heavily connected time magazine newsweek cnn msnbc msnbc half their host or obama former
white house operatives but gala on cnn and i mean every time i turn it on or walk by to get coffee
in the break we got tvs all over the office with different channels on it is just 24 you saw it
you saw it you saw it and i surmise that because we showed the patsies and the navy seals by them
because we don't know what the truth is now that they might shift on to another patsy and they'd
already said oh we made an arrest it's who we believe did it hey pop the champagne remember
that wednesday and then suddenly oh my gosh no forget it evacuate the courthouse never mind get
the media out here don't let people see who the guy is oh my gosh uh shift to another plan and now
the plan is full martial law rollout were these operatives they tried to set up or did they have
other special forces attacked the police and they've already killed these brothers you don't
know what happened or maybe they really were wind-up toy muslim extremist in this country for
over a decade all of this going on i want to get former nsa analyst wayne madsen on guys let's
call him today i want to get him to pop in i want to get joel scowlson i want to get him on i want
joel scowlson on we got larry pratt to give us his take already coming up i want everybody uh i want
to get um i want to get all the different views on this scowlson agrees false flag day one because
the scripting but the whole thing unraveled and they are in mega mega panic mode right now to to
to say do not look at these photos and again i i don't know everything when i was first looking
at it nobody does i was like navy seals how dare you try to imply a disgruntled navy seal would
go blow up the boston marathon and now i get it they're probably telling these navy seals you keep
your mouth shut or you're going to go to jail that's exactly how they work see that see they
weren't sure they'd get away with it with mcveigh at oklahoma city uh special forces sheep-dipped
on record highly decorated from the gulf war that came out he was you know sheep-dipped means put
into black ops for those that don't know they had the arab contingency both iraqi and iranian
actually in the city checked in part of it we know the names it was on local newscast as another
backup plan and but because it went so well they pinned it on patriots and the word had been given
wednesday morning msnbc cnn all of it i cannot stress the magnitude of this they're like yep
okay axlrod and others say it's lone wolf right wing we told you it's a white guy get ready it's
going to be the announcement's coming and then yep we've got them arrested you right wingers are in
trouble and then it shifts to muslims who they might have wound up to do it and then they were
going to have some navy seals and rednecks there and maybe blame all them because they've shared
the number one enemies now returning veterans maybe chris kyle got word of this that that whole
chris kyle killing stinks to high heaven the guy that ran craft international and then his people
because they're wearing craft uniforms it's none of you know it's black black shirt the tan pants
tan boots the craft hat with the punisher skull that's really a vietnam symbol but adopted by
the seals a long time ago that says craft on it i mean or they're framing craft and by the way we
tried to put calls into craft um i'm gonna put more calls into them by the way i should open
the phones up specifically for people uh i mean here i bet craft's listening right now you're
welcome to call in you're absolutely welcome in fact i want to tell my reporters david knight
uh and jakari jackson and and uh uh everybody else that's here i want you to all call craft
right now officially and get statements uh we need to be doing all this work right now
we're gonna get joel scowls in to pop back in we're gonna everybody to pop back in
but i want to specifically open the phones up
there are a lot of lieutenant colonels and people going public saying this is black ops they saw
used to overthrow third world countries i mean this is classic what you're seeing
and and as and as former black op commander one of the founders of delta force botanic said
definitely a staged event to smoke screen the congressional committee bipartisan saying yes
organized torture including of children serious war crime there needs to be indictments made of
george w bush and barack obama and you notice the next day all this happens uh and the new
york times wouldn't have published that unless there it was bipartisan saying obama's a war
criminal as well that wouldn't be done unless there was a huge fight going on inside the system
the magnitude of which we we we may have never seen and again i cannot stress to you how big
this is 800-259-9231 800-259-9231 imagine if dallas texas had one lone gunman on the loose
and they locked the entire city down and in the suburbs that are a total of like six seven million
people in the dfw area and imagine you're driving and police are aiming m16s at you and bugging
their eyes out and just drama queening everywhere i mean is this what america's become i mean in the
old days there was a lone gunman somewhere if they didn't know exactly sure he locked down the area
you thought he was in but there's no point in saying we paralyze everything uh i mean and you
know it's dorner a crazy cop and they burn him down in front of everybody and say we're gonna
burn him down okay get the fire we're burning them down and then say you didn't hear that
and now they're they've got guys that look like green berets 50 something you know like
super high level above delta force running around out there i mean i know the look of
those real operators folks you've got younger seals all over the place iraq vets you got black
backpacks you've got a drill you've got them tell people be calm don't worry about all these
backpacks then it all blows up and i'm not supposed to discuss that and facebook's trying
to block us putting this out right now because the key to what obama and his controllers were trying
is is is is in that event around the bomb curious about what comes next next is the feeling of
vulnerability you get after you arrive home to discover your house has been ransacked by burglars
fool the bad guys with a new improved fake tv you asked for it we listened and we made our new fake
tv three times brighter than our previous model the brightness of our new fake tv is equivalent
to a 40-inch tv it simulates the color and motion of a real tv while you're away from home and when
burglars think someone is home watching television they're likely to pass your house and move on to
an easier target the new brighter fake tv is only 39.95 and includes free shipping go to faketv.com
or call 1-877-5FAKETV that's 877-532-5388 or go to faketv.com
FAKETV the burglar deterrent introducing pro one all of your filtration in one system portable
on the go no more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride you have a system
that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95 percent of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced
manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics
advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element it is the
only one that does it and out of the gates we have it discounted at 10 off with promo code
water this is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides herbicides
chloramines ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate get your pro pure with the
new pro one filters today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139 imagine waking one
morning only to find your family shivering in the dark because you couldn't afford to pay your
electric bill that's closer than you think you probably haven't heard about this yet because the
liberal media has been suppressing what is fast becoming the most shocking news story of 2012
obama's secret war on coal that could increase your already high power bill as much as 400
in coming months as shocking as it sounds it may well be just a matter of time before the lights
start going out across america but here's some good news there's an underground video at exposed
123.com that thousands of smart patriots have used to end their slavery to the corrupt electricity
monopoly the video at exposed 123.com has already been banned by google and the liberal media is
doing everything in its power to take it down and keep america in the dark so watch it now
at exposed 123.com before it's too late again that's exposed 123.com
crashing through the lies and disinformation
it's alex jones only on the gcn radio network waging war on corruption i want to open the
phones up until larry pratt joins us in about 30 minutes and he's in he's in massachusetts right
now covering all this head of gun owners of america in there to cover this for the second
amendment perspective i want to hear from police in massachusetts or connecticut with this martial
law going on i want to hear from navy fields or special ops people about the photos we've posted
that are confirmed from the local news i mean these photos have been in data caches and they
do not want them seen why is that well because it shows there was a drill going on at the very time
and they were clearly not trying to stop a bombing they did a drill so the police wouldn't think
backpacks were an issue and they flooded it with a bunch of different patsies so that they would
have confusion now that's my view on this that's the history and now you've got out of the stands
out of the cia-run chechen area these new patsies uh and now the boston police are saying get ready
for a controlled demolition or a controlled detonation today just like in madrid they blew
up the patsies that time it came out the government did do that on 333 back in 2003 that was in the
spanish papers it came out that was staged see they have a history of this now these may be real
terrorists who they wound up and allowed to do this though that's why they had the big drill
going so they could walk right into the finish line and everybody would just think it was part
of the drill you understand that folks and then all it takes is people in homeland security to
say do a drill and no one else knows but them so if their people get caught oh it's just a drill
do you understand that's why they do the drill the drill is the tell and then now they don't
want these photos out i mean that's the bigger tell it was crawling with operatives every five
feet 800-259-9231 800-259-9231 now breaking news don salazar is putting this up at infowars.com
and prisonplanet.com right now i have confirmed in my office our our our social network lady has
done it and so is adan and a show of our listeners let's put it on screen right now for tv viewers
and it's free for everybody right now infowars.com forward slash listen let's punch that up on screen
his computer nico's computer let's punch it up now our tricaster has been overheating the
last few days having big problems the articles are going to go up at infowars.com and it has
all the screenshots right there where facebook says this is a dangerous link you're not allowed
to see it and we're trying to post it to our facebook and it's not letting us post our our
older articles and i'm guessing our new article so that just shows how controlled it is and how
i think you can just hard hard hit those inputs in chris shown that trick we can still just hard
hard do switches um there you go you can't post this because it has a blocked link the content
you're trying to share includes the link that's been blocked for being spammy see oh we're spammy
folks or unsafe infowars.com forward slash navy seal spotted at boston marathon wearing
suspicious packages for more information click here for the help center and we've gotten those
messages uh this is outrageous okay those are real photos of minutes before and after the bombing
with people of black backpacks all over the place and what is facebook a globalist front group
melderberg front group pump and dump where he says his users are dumb efforts so why are we using
using it because that's where the fight is we are up there attempting to warn people and again that
article is going up on infowars.com very very soon now you'll be able to see that for yourself
because again they are running scared from this information and they've changed their story
they arrest this saudi they arrest that saudi they grab these saudis they they fly these saudis
out of the country then they're not going to then they never said they would then it turns out they
did emergency meetings uh with the uh you know emergency meetings with the saudi foreign minister
and it just goes on and on and on there is a major cover-up going on here and bare minimum
they knew this was coming and they stood there and watched it and now they don't want to be
a look at these photos that are in infowars.com
this is GCN the genesis communications radio network
devastating events like earthquakes tornadoes floods hurricanes or the threat of martial law
have highlighted the need for americans to prepare for emergencies as a result millions are
stockpiling food gold and weapons but how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones
becomes ill supernatural silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency
supernatural silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria
viruses moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care taken internally or used topically
it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens supernatural silver has over 500 different uses
and a long-term shelf life making it the number one choice of preppers across the country to find
out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared go to supernaturalsilver.com
use the promo code prepared for 20% off your entire order and like us on facebook
waging war on corruption alex jones on the GCN radio network
big brother mainstream media government cover-ups you want answers well so does he
he's alex jones on the GCN radio network and now live from austin texas alex jones
all right we're into hour number two here on this incredible friday worldwide transmission
larry pratt's going to be popping in at the bottom of the hour i'm working on getting a bunch of
other analysts on with us uh like joel scowleson and we're going to be talking about the
other analysts on with us uh like joel scowleson uh i i want to open the phones up for police
uh for military uh for your take on this thing of turning boston and surrounding cities and even
into connecticut martial law zones to get one guy here's the article up on infowars.com that just
went up there boston bombers role of cia in chechen terror islamic terror from caucus's next phase
of plan to undermine our liberty an excellent article can we punch this up guys uh from
infowars.com and we're going to be breaking that article down when we come back but
i specifically want to hear from police special forces military who've seen the photos that now
the washington times and washington post have mentioned here's the washington times headline
when men with backpacks at boston marathon private contractors why is the fbi saying do
not look at anything else only look at these two guys after they've already said you know we
already have somebody arrested and the media is like oh we hear it's right wingers that was plan
a and i want to read a comment here from the infowars.com article i was just mentioning that
i agree with i want to read this here plan a was the white tea party lone wolf gun owner but that
was called off due to exposure so plan b was to get the muslim guys plan c might have been blacks
or gays actually i don't agree with that now i have and i know i said that day one was the
pre-programming it was even worse they were planning or at least it was being discussed
to blame navy seals because again all over the news they kept saying it's probably a disgruntled
vet like a navy seal and we're going to compile all those videos where they said that navy seal
navy seal we need your help doing it i know i've seen it i know i've seen it said i saw it last
night at about 6 15 6 30 central dan bedandi was bullhorning cnn i'm telling you what to find
i know we were recording at the time but i'm so shot and exhausted my crew's so small that i
haven't had time to dig it up who's the lady used to be on cnbc uh the attractive young lady and
now she's a cnn host so she was on at like 6 30 central 6 15 central i was getting ready for you
know to go live on seven o'clock on my own tv show and aaron burnett and she's on there with this fbi
guy and he says you know it's probably disgruntled vet like a seal and he had a backpack explaining
how you could put take another one out the backpack and then it's just you know what exhaust
me as i'm like trying to pull all the places i saw it you know how hard it is to do that with your
memory it's just exhausting i'm not complaining it's just not i have i've had sick children the
last few days as well keeping me up all night i am just about maxed out uh oh god
excuse me she had mental exhaustion there sometimes i have like some in memory and
i pulled up like the four or five spots i've seen them say navy seals it just gave me an instant
headache anyways they're all over the news saying navy seals and you guys are gonna have to take
over tomorrow paul watson says he's so exhausted uh he's got to take off tomorrow he just took off
just now told me uh he just punched out and i'm gonna have to like i'm gonna have to take off
tomorrow get some r&r and i gotta turn the engine off um because again i can't quit thinking and
then it's just very exhausting and i just i'm getting the beginnings of a migraine headache
i know when i gotta stop all right we're gonna uh come back and uh
talk to police military you name it uh you know what's your take on seeing these photos
800-259-9231 800-259-9231 and we will break it all down the latest martial law
all over boston on patriot's day talk about an operation in our face man
you might not be able to control mother nature but you can control your food prices
by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply with e foods direct be
prepared before you need it with nutrient-dense food you can store for up to 25 years you can
hope for the best but hope won't feed you do what i've done and get your own supply
of the best durable foods out there from e foods direct call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web
at e foods direct.com forward slash alex and check out their spring specials again that number is 800
409-5633 or on the web at e foods direct.com forward slash alex you can bet your life on e
foods direct you prepare by purchasing gold food and firearms but if you don't have a home security
system then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection when you're
sleeping or away from home who's watching out for intruders check out simply safe it's a new
do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless go to getsimplysafe.com
simply safe is independent and off the grid it runs on battery power so even if the grid goes
down you're protected it's completely customizable so you can use it in your home business boat
trailer storage unit or shed getsimplysafe.com simply safe is also ridiculously easy to install
yourself in under 20 minutes so there's no need to let a stranger into your home if you move or
need to relocate you can take the system with you wherever you go you aren't always at home
but simply safe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day seven days a week again
that's getsimplysafe.com introducing pro one all of your filtration in one system portable on the
go no more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride you have a system
that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95 percent of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced
manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics
advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element it is the
only one that does it and out of the gates we have it discounted at 10 off with promo code
water this is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides herbicides
chloramines ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate get your pro pure with the
new pro one filters today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139
big brother mainstream media government cover-ups you want answers well so does he he's alex jones
on the gcn radio network and now live from austin texas alex jones jokar zarnoff one man has all of
boston surrounding areas even into connecticut locked down listeners just sent us these photos
if you're watching on prison planet.tv for radio listeners we're going to post them up on info
awards.com just send us what you're seeing on the news armored vehicles troops in black regular army
all together uh like this is bagdad uh or something i mean this is just simply amazing
what is going on in in this country and we're going to be posting all of that on info wars.com
and prison planet.com now i want to talk to military and police about what they see happening
and what's breaking down and unfolding but i also want to talk to people that are in boston that
are in boston and surrounding areas what are you seeing 800-259-9231 800-259-9231 larry pratt who
is in massachusetts there for patriot day celebrations patriot day there is the 15th but
patriots day nationwide is the 19th. he's going to be popping in at the bottom of the hour briefly
and we've got other folks that are saying this is clearly a false flag like joel scowlson of world
affairs brief we're lining him up as well now when i say false flag that can mean there's simply a
stand down they allow people to get through criminal elements to or it can mean government
funds them or it can mean private groups fund them and then it's used to be blamed on another group
whenever the white house chief of staff said we'll use crises to take your liberties don't let a
good crisis go to waste that's a false flag if something real happens and you use it to take
somebody else's freedom that's a frame up that's a false flag that's a self-inflicted staged event
now here is the new york times from last april that i'm going to your calls terrorist plots
hatched by the fbi and the article goes on april 28th to admit they would go out and find mentally
ill people left wing right wing muslim you name it and give them bombs tell them that they're
their imam order them in the name of islam to go do this and then let them go do it
i mean i could go out and find schizophrenics on the street and convince them to do stuff too
i that makes you culpable that's not a sting that is that is beyond that that is leading criminal
actions to justify your existence so when i say false flag i've explained this it doesn't mean
the government's there you know obama with a plunger pushing it down it means criminal
elements in there allow this to happen now what's the big telltale side of me just joined us
you saw them on tuesday and wednesday say oh axelrod says it's got it is a lone wolf
right winger it'll be coming out soon then they go we have an arrest we have them it's he's at
the courthouse then no we don't evacuate the courthouse clearly to get the media out army
truck pulls in with guys hanging off with guns they go screeching off with whoever that patsy
was you have navy seals or what looks like navy seals with craft international all over the area
where the bombing happens along with what looked like older green berets uh and and others i just
want to these people look being around them at events over the years and even the washington
times runs the headline scroll back to the headline i want to show tv viewers this and
give it to the radio listeners thank you guys men with backpacks at boston marathon private
contractors now it gets worse now facebook will not let us share our original article picked up
by drudge wednesday night showing public photos and public news videos that show all the black
ops and the drill because they've denied there's a drill and there's a cover-up now again why do
you do a drill why do you do a drill because because then if if police actually catch these
the psychos that you've wound up who you're gonna let bomb probably it could be these guys from
chechnya you're gonna let them go do it and then you're gonna blame it on the militia on the
patriots which the white house run msnbc and others were saying we've got them it's right
wingers remember wednesday it is the white right wingers the tea partiers you murderers
we got the photos of the arabs and all the different groups and the muslims and the and
the seals all in together they had to get rid of that now i had a click happen last hour then i'm
going to your calls that is so horrible that it gave me the beginnings of a migraine headache
which you only get about once or twice a year which is setting in right now it made me so
physically sick when it all clicked that since tuesday i have seen cnn msnbc and cnbc and
newspapers and i need all you to pull this up and help us i just mentioned 6 15 6 30 something like
that last night cnn uh what's her name aaron something what's her name the former cnbc host
is on there with her expert aaron burnett thank you saying it might be navy seals and this is the
expert on there it could be navy seals it could be veterans they would just like mcveigh was ordered
as a green beret special forces affidavits have been signed government documents came out he never
left the army he was there to infiltrate militias they set him up we know the names of the feds that
were inside with the bombs he was the lee harvey oswald my god they've said veterans are the number
one terror group we've got to take their guns and like the veterans have done nothing why are you
saying this and it all just clicked target number one was the military target number two was tea
party patsies that were there and then muslims were fallback and they probably used real muslim
terrorists who they greased up to go to do the bombing i mean this is unbelievable and that's
how they always run these ops to a person that hasn't studied this that sounds complex it's like
why are there all these groups that way that way you can go with whatever story you want because
they know these things always go crazy and there's always witnesses stuff like this would quote get
found out it always does it's just so confusing to the untrained mind and then the answer is roll
the tsa out roll the checkpoints out roll the fear out uh get everybody used to troops going
door to door it's all happening i'm going to shut up now 800-25-99231 larry pratt at the bottom of
the hour guys we did have him at the 20 after i'll give him a bottom of the hour let's go to eric
and tennessee a police officer he says he has intelligence on the bombing photos you've seen
these of what looks like navy seals and others why are they so scared of these being out what
do you think's happening uh basically alex great to talk to you by the way sorry about your sick
kids uh it looks to me as if the gunfight that they had going on supposedly uh they wouldn't
let the press in you know they were threatening the press they were telling them you know turn
off the camera lose your life yeah that's associated press reporting that yeah they're
telling them even worse stuff we're now finding now but go ahead yeah i mean you do not say that
to the press i mean you know even even as corrupt as things are and they want you to know that
they've captured these guys they would want press coverage of this you know what i'm saying well
running reportedly if you're anywhere in multi-city areas they're coming up i see on the news with
guns at families and cars just bizarre crazy grandstanding yeah yeah but in this case it
would be an absolute must they would want coverage of this they would want people to see this on
every newspaper everywhere you know we got them we got them here's proof to me it just seems like
it's staged it seems like these guys are probably on their way out of the country at this point
under new visas you know new lives with a new bank account at least until the currency falls out
i mean it just seems to me like they absolutely do not want anybody to know what's going on at
this point because basically you broke the story yesterday shattered the thing wide open they
couldn't do anything else you left them back on their heels man well i'll tell you i've never been
more creeped out and felt the danger right now we're being blocked all over the internet they
are scared to death of it i'm sure you've seen the photos they want censored that facebook and
others are blocking that unfortunately several newspapers have mentioned so it's not like it's
not credible let me ask you this question as somebody you know that obviously thinks about
this a lot what do you see in the photos that they are telling people not to look at me the one thing
that actually stands up the guy in the blue jacket with the red shirt the the poor poor looking guy
that the uh the bag actually matches his straps that he's got over his arms do you know what i'm
talking about yes the fbi released the exploded bag remnants and it looks identical a black
backpack with a silver stripe on the uh on the on the strap right right now if you if you actually
had a bag that you brought with you okay and you're in a big crowded area you're going to
carry your bag over your back you're going to carry it over your back you're not going to have
it right there like you're about to drop it exactly and he looks suspicious i mean if i was
a cop at the end of the marathon that's the guy i'd be searching exactly he's the one that you
would you would single out you would pull him out of the crowd you would try to figure out what's
going on there but in his case he is holding that bag like he is holding every bit of the shame and
guilt that he's ever had in his life exactly his body language is he feels like a total piece of
crap and how did he get talked into this exactly exactly and if you look at the way other people
are dressed around them i mean you know you've got nicely dressed people there i mean you know
he looks like the poor kind of mental patients they always set up yep they pulled him out he's
a patsy he just looks completely and totally the part it just it really jumps out of me that this
was the guy let me ask you a question why do you think they're saying i've seen at least four times
myself where they've been saying maybe navy seals did the bombing and then you've got what's clearly
navy seals there standing around just to be implicated obviously ordered to be there these
guys were most likely weren't navy seals they were most likely one of these security firms
but sure craft international is sheet dipped uh uh navy seals yeah right that they brought these
guys in as either additional security or as backup to make sure everything goes off without a hitch
to keep obama from hitting the you know the mainstream for everybody knowing that he's a crook
uh it just it basically looks like everything was set in place you know with the backup of a
backup of a backup i mean in government work you don't do anything relying on one source i mean you
gotta have three or four backups falling at the same time these guys they're on pictures everywhere
so for them to come out and say you know maybe a navy seal did it they're saying that just in case
pictures get credibility and somebody somewhere in a position to make a difference actually speaks
out and says look at all these navy seals everywhere you know i mean they're just that's
another way for you know mainstream media to cover their butt no i agree and they're probably
telling them right now you keep your mouth shut you're gonna go to jail for this yeah yeah
absolutely and i mean those guys that you know those guys that were there if you look at the
expression on their faces after the explosion they do run to hell they do oh no they look no i've
said that they look freaked out like what the hell no exactly exactly they did not see this coming i
don't think wow i'm getting chills man i and i'm in the middle of this oh man careful what you ask
for folks we'll be right back with more of your calls stay there digestive health is the key to
wellness and elimination of toxins that bears repeating digestive health is the key to wellness
and elimination of toxins and pro em1 daily probiotic cleanse is the key to digestive health
pro em1 is a powerful liquid probiotic strong enough to cleanse gentle enough to use every day
pro em1 is dairy wheat and soy free contains all natural and certified organic ingredients
contains no preservatives or animal products supports a healthy digestive and immune system
supports weight loss improves absorption of food nutrients aids in controlling yeast infections
is never freeze dried and uses three groups of live viable beneficial microbes to cleanse and
remove toxins order pro em1 daily probiotic cleanse at tereganics.com spelled t-e-r-a-g-a-n-i-x.com
tereganics.com or call toll free 866-369-3678 that's 866-369-3678 pro em1 the raw probiotic
you prepare by purchasing gold food and firearms but if you don't have a home security system
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection when you're sleeping
or away from home who's watching out for intruders check out simply safe it's a new do-it-yourself
home security system that is completely wireless go to getsimplysafe.com simply safe is independent
and off the grid it runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down you are protected
it's completely customizable so you can use it in your home business boat trailer storage unit
or shed getsimplysafe.com simply safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under
20 minutes so there's no need to let a stranger into your home if you move or need to relocate
you can take the system with you wherever you go you aren't always at home but simply safe will
stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day seven days a week again that's getsimplysafe.com
nice shooting hey that's a sweet ak-47 chest rig is that multi-cam yeah got it from strikehardgear.com
strike what strikehardgear.com set your sights on strikehardgear.com tough tactical gear for
your soviet-style weapon that's made in the usa affordable plus a no questions asked 30-day money
back guarantee and lifetime replacement warranty strikehardgear.com go ahead pull the trigger
we the people grow cotton wheat fabric engraving embed strips and fibers to protect from counterfeit
and carting to a private bank having it led back at interest forcing taxes to service debt this
capitalism or was jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing the public currency is a
greater menace to the liberties of the people than a standing army hi ted anderson i'm placing
a free silver dollar in a book that explains our monetary system call for your copy 800-686-2237
it's time to understand the system call 800-686-2237 that's 800-686-2237
introducing a 30-day emergency food supply for only 99 at 30-dayfoodsupply.com you can purchase
oregon trail foods one month's supply of high quality nutritious and healthy emergency meals for
less than 100 these vegetarian meals are natural high in carbs and protein and are packed with
oxygen absorbers in mylar pouches they take up to 70 less space than number 10 cans have a 20-year
shelf life and huge portions over twice the serving size of some competitors meals oregon
trail foods and 30-dayfoodsupply.com keep prices low by buying direct from producers in oregon
and then pass the savings on to you purchase a 30-day 90 serving emergency food supply for only
99 this month and 10 ships your entire order to the lower 48 call 541-673-6666 or visit
30dayfoodsupply.com where they make preparedness affordable 30dayfoodsupply.com got it get it go
to 30dayfoodsupply.com all right alex jones here back live we've got the austin police chief's been
scheduled for a week the one going around with obama trying to get the guns he's scheduled to
be in here so he should be arriving in about 20 30 minutes he's going to be in here but he can
talk about this with us as well i know rd savannah as a person he's he's a likable guy i disagree
with him on the guns but we'll have a nice talk on that subject and all the things that are
happening it'll be good to have a major police chief in here to give us his take on the situation
in boston um we've got ex-special ops special forces citizen in boston army with intel on
blue shirt suspect let's try to go quick to people and i'll try to shut up and get their quick take
on things chris what's your info on what you see happening and why they don't want these photos
out of the of what looks like navy seals uh well my perspective is a former u.s army spec ops is
that the uh seal prior seals and these groups working for craft uh probably were very surprised
what it looks like to me they might have been given a sitrep that hey guys there's a very strong
possibility of dirty bomb it looks like they were probably in an active mode of doing a radiation
detection thinking that they were you know actually working something that could be that's
right we've confirmed the what looked the oldest one what looks like the guy in charge uh he's not
wearing a backpack or anything the other guys that they're kind of taking orders from so the police
he's got a radiation detector in his hand we've confirmed it right and looking at all the photos
i'm familiar with uh those type of operations and nuclear weapons convoys i've been involved with
uh prior but uh also i do think that in their packs they're probably very heavily armed
so they the confusion to add they were told you know to you know bring heavy heavily armaments
you know small caliber weapons or machine guns that they typically carry in the backpacks
uh so they thought they were doing you know normal activities they don't want them out
wearing them on their person to you know scare people uh so i do think they were very surprised
now could there have been one or two factions or elements within the group that was actually
a part of the op the bottom line is is the spec op troops seals rangers green break
all of us guys we need to stop being involved with unconstitutional activities we need to do
better due diligence on what are we being tasked to do we need to really wake up because i'm sorry
i get very kicked when i see spec op troops you know involved in involved in activities well look
look at how we're seeing martial law demonstrated right now all the places if it's going to keep
anybody safe and i look at these photos of right before the bomb goes off you can just see all
these groups of patsies and fbi watching people and you i mean it just looks like an intelligence
uh banquet or something i mean you've just got all these groups there the classic four or five
operations running at once so that nobody knows what's going on when the real bomb walks in
if you've looked at these photos uh the the redneck ne'er-do-well guy his backpack matches
the shattered remains and he's being looked at by a lot of people uh and i think they had to
abandon that plan why do you think they're floating navy seals here in the news saying
maybe they did it what is that well i definitely think that's one of the avenues of the asymmetrical
story potentials because on every op they want to have multiple exit points to take the story
and push it so that was definitely probably one of the story points they wanted or agendas they
wanted to push was demonizing uh rogue you know ex-military people and they didn't like chris
kyle because he's pro second amendment and stuff so you know why not get the new mercs on the block
why not have craft come out and it could be part of a backdoor way of starting to taint the
reputation of craft but in the in the end the bottom line is the the removal of posse comitatus
the blending of military operations into civilian police operations it's all wrong that's not you
know supposed to that's not how our country let me ask you this what does your gut tell you uh
about what you've seen with this whole thing because it looks to me like they've been changing
stories going through different things and that this is basically unraveled for them oh i
definitely think that the work that you guys did and the information came out completely has taken
them off their original kind of train of approach with the media you know all the instruments they
had working to start presenting their story they were going to sell i definitely think you guys
have taken them off guard but you can see on this asymmetrical capabilities they have in their very
dynamic ability to change the story they are very quick and very good at already having additional
avenues of exit you know when you go into the building you don't want to only have one way to
come out you want to have two or three if possible sure it's the same build oklahoma they had like
six different groups there but they went with their yeah now the real hero the real hero would
be and and and i appeal to all spec ops troops and somebody that general patton would be proud of a
true american you guys that know what happened have the guts to come out now and tell us what
were you doing there you know that's to me who's going to be the real hero god bless you sir god
bless you great points we're on the march the empire's on the run alex jones and the gcn radio
network if you want an american company with american products made by americans here it is
the cal band soap company alex's staff have been using these all-natural earth-friendly pure soaps
for years and they are the best see them on the web at www.fivestarsoap.com or call 1-800-340-7091
for a catalog then order the sampler one to two month supply you will be getting soap products
twice as good as what you are using now at a great price and supporting an american company
in the process earth-friendly and all american their soaps are made from vegetable and coconut
oils call 1-800-340-7091 or visit www.fivestarsoap.com cal bend pure soap company can save you thousands
of dollars and give you good old-fashioned real soaps that are triple concentrated see it on the
web www.fivestarsoap.com or call 1-800-340-7091 for a catalog a little over a year ago i began
to do a lot of research into why even if i had a pretty good sized meal that i was still starving
and my research led me to a well-known fact that most of the soils that we grow our crops on here
in the united states and across the industrialized world are almost completely depleted of almost all
of the key minerals and trace elements that our bodies need to rebuild themselves fight off cancer
and be healthy i then searched out the best vitamin and mineral company out there and discovered
young jeopardy the young jeopardy products are designed to give you the real nutrition you need
and once you've got that you don't have to eat as much to be satisfied i've lost 37 pounds in two
months simply getting the vitamins and minerals i need check it out for yourself it's incredible
go to info wars team.com today and order your first canister of beyond tangy tangerine complete
multivitamin mineral complex dietary supplement that's infowarsteam.com devastating events like
earthquakes tornadoes floods hurricanes or the threat of martial law have highlighted the need
for americans to prepare for emergencies as a result millions are stockpiling food gold and
weapons but how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill supernatural
silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency supernatural silver is a natural
antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria viruses moles and fungus and is remarkable
for wound care taken internally or used topically it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens
supernatural silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life making it the number
one choice of preppers across the country to find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared go to supernaturalsilver.com use the promo code prepared for 20% off your entire order
and like us on facebook defending the republic from enemies foreign and domestic
it's alex jones
i will be back live lord willing this sunday four to six o'clock central standard time many
stations air at live others we broadcast it and i'll be doing live updates to youtube at
info wars.com and prison planet.tv obviously tomorrow and this evening on the nightly news
tonight and we'll go into overdrive today with the audio and video feeds at info wars.com
forward slash listen for everybody we'll get jakari jackson and david knighton here on know
we're chomping at the bit to talk about all the stuff they've got larry pratt who is in
massachusetts for patriot's day events just spoke there and prayed at lexington green for
restoration of our republic with oath keepers with a local gun group anti-gun group tried to
block them from speaking even though they had a permit they had it revoked what a free country
and now they're going to speak somewhere else but the police did not follow their orders to arrest
them and keep them from doing that so the whole state has been turned into a martial law zone
they've spilled into connecticut this is just unprecedented and who knows what even the truth
is there have been so many patsies you know larry pratt head of governors of america joining us
via cell phone as you drive through through massachusetts that's going through semi-lockdown
lockdown a what can you tell us about what's happened overall and b by by tuesday night
axelrod and others said it's a lone guy by himself a right-winger we'll have more tomorrow and then
they announced the arrest and they all licked their chops on cnn msnbc saying it's a right
winger we got you people and now it's reportedly jihadis out of you know out of the the steps of
russia uh out of uh out of areas where we've seen where we've seen uh you know these attacks on
russia and things uh they're in the caucuses they're from they're from chechnya uh larry
pratt of gunners of america great to have you able to give us your take on this sir alex good
to be with you yeah i got thrown off of lectington green i was standing under the statue of john
parker the uh the uh minute man in charge that day when the battle took place on uh
lexington green and uh the cop came up and said you have to move on
isn't that incredible what a free country uh happily the green also extends across the street
it's private and it belongs to whoever now has that uh building there was a tavern at one time
and so we had our ceremony anyway and actually we were on lexington green in spite of them
yeah stewart said he had to get to the point though even though you were there the cops
were still going to try to stop you because they're so afraid of assembly now in this
police state because the local commissars said you couldn't what is your breakdown on the spectacle
uh of martial law over much of the state you're in right now looking for one guy
um it's pretty extraordinary and as you were saying that when you let in uh surprise it was
a muslim or two muslims um that's what muslims do uh it's the last person that they would ever
conclude might have been involved in a terroristic act they're you know janet
depolitano mindset uh where she was telling local police departments watch out for those
constitutionals those pro-lifers those second amendment guys uh those property rights guys
in other words the conservative base of the republican party watch out those are potential
terrorists we got to watch out for them and that apparently is what was going on in massachusetts
and invariably it turns out no it's not somebody who believes in freedom it's somebody who believes
anything but freedom that's what muslims do well certainly the the parts you know the groups that
have been radicalized undoubtedly larry pratt head of gunners of america i want to briefly get your
take on the the uh the defeat of the gun grabbers they promised to come back obama says executive
orders we're going to get to that in a moment but uh you know i came out tuesday i was still
on the air when this happened i went into overdrive and i said watch they're gonna
blame tea party libertarian constitutionalist and people are like how dare you newspapers that night
said how dare you say we're gonna blame you but they'd already begun within an hour doing it and
i have seen at least four times and i'm being sent transcription videos now where for since
tuesday they went further they said we bet it's a navy seal or a disgruntled vet what is this
they're not just demonizing the tea party now what is this saying vets are going to blow stuff up
with absolutely no evidence of that i mean why are they trying to go after the military now this is
really bizarre that's on the janet nepalitano's list of people that are suspected terrorists
in fact that veterans may have been actually toward the very top of her list there is a hatred
of what made this country great what makes this country still the best country in the world they
do not like people who understand freedom and who have fought for freedom that's just not
in their playbook and they take every opportunity and it's really embarrassing to them i would think
except they're not going to report on their own embarrassment but you're right that was their call
that's where they were heading and oops turns out it was one of those muslim guys let's talk about
the uh defeat of harry reid and him saying he doesn't like our black helicopter conspiracies
obama said that that the pro-gun people are liars when when they're the liars they said they want
to ban our guns once they're registered they're all on record now they deny that they promised
to not come after our guns in the campaign five years ago they've been caught lying about that
lying about that four and a half years ago uh and then and i mean they are really hopping mad and
here's the weekly standard biden the president is already lining up some additional executive
actions for guns uh pelosi says tougher gun control is inevitable they're going to do it
whether we like it or not uh that's the hill uh and and so they're i mean i guess what what's
their plan ship more guns to mexico to blame us for that or what evidently but i i tell you now
i will not obey the president's executive order if he thinks he can become our national legislature
worse that when the senate was voting they were playing as if they were a constitutional
convention shall not be infringed doesn't really leave much room for what they were doing and
nevertheless they were doing it and i was quite prepared to to tell people that i was going to
look for a gun and buy it quote unquote illegally because i have a constitution and yeah just because
these crooks say we don't it's like saying black people have got to be reattached to plows or
something uh no they they have an inherent right to say no so so does everybody but but let's stop
right there what do you uh what stops them because they all from obama to biden to read go how dare
you conspiracy theorist saying we're tyrants that is what really got to them what they try to
discredit is what they're scared of calling a tyrant a tyrant do you agree with that yeah uh
the truth of the matter is they are the folks that want to be tyrants they want to tell us what to do
we should just shut up and do whatever they tell us to do uh that the clearly the way these people
think and act and by the way that's why we have a second amendment for just like these kinds of
folks who think and act the way they do we are not going to roll over and play dead for them
i i just what i think they have done alex i have in all the years i've been involved in
defending the second amendment i have never seen the intensity that we're seeing now
people are so fed up and i'm not the only one saying they can pass this unconstitutional law
if that's what they think they can do but i'm not going to obey it i mean people are just
fed up and and they're increasingly rather public about it
well said what do you make of master sergeant cj grisham highly decorated no criminal record
out out in an area i know i have family that area totally rural wild hogs cougars it's actually
right by the ranch of ted nugent uh and just out walking with an ar-15 with his shine and having
his gun taken and then we'll let you go so now you got to get places we're gonna take calls
that was so over the top those everybody involved in that needs to be fired that is just
absolutely criminal activity on the part of a government agent
what do you make of this arrogance where the police say we interviewed him by the way last
night the interview's up at infowars.com the master sergeant whenever they say well i don't
care what the law is you know if people don't like your gun we're going to take it you know
the day's going to come when that's going to lead to something really bad happening and they will
have started it and i think it's important that we make sure that if and when the bad things do
happen that it's very clear that they are the ones known to have fired first they are the ones known
to have broken the law that is really important that's what was so important about lexington
the message that the world got was that the british thugs fired first the problem that the
staff had right from the get-go was they fired first and it's just essential that we the good
guys be prepared to take the first round that's right of course the uh bell airs and people would
say they'll just stage something and blame it on us and that's why we've got to be worried about
false flags i mean as you said fast and furious was a false flag the cbs got the memo to blame
the second amendment and we caught them uh with their false flag and you know it's a very good
talking point and i i've noticed that the uh other side really doesn't have a compact you mean you're
going to approve my purchase of a firearm you that killed some 400 well we're complicit in the
killing of some 400 mexicans and a couple of our federal agents you have the moral authority to
approve what i do you of the chicago you of the chicago mafia larry pratt get to your meeting
be safe up there in massachusetts and we'll we'll talk to you again soon oh last point before i go
these calls and people are holding uh how do you expect yeah go ahead let me just point out i'm
actually uh going to springfield uh massachusetts and i'm in the uh the vehicle by the head of the
oath keeper driven by the head of the oath keepers in rhode island so uh we are uh i tell you what
we're just all constitution 24 7 you're in good company lastly how do you expect him to come back
now against the second amendment i mean obviously executive order what else uh it's going to be
interesting to see what he's going to do with the executive order the problem is he can only really
jerk the chain of gun stores so how is he going to uh try to do something if i want to sell you a gun
uh there's just no way they're going to be able to get their nose into that uh so i think they're
uh well it's going to be interesting to see what he thinks he can do i know what he's going to do
he's going to stage another mass shooting larry pratt we'll talk to you again soon thank you for
the time sir great alex thanks all right be safe all right there goes larry pratt ladies and
gentlemen uh let's go to your calls i appreciate you holding uh let's talk we're gonna go to james
as a resident boss in a moment but first jake whose special forces he says and then uh jason
who's army intel on blue shirt and then and then james and then michael and bill and get to all of
you before this hour ends uh let's talk uh to jake in california real fast what's your take on
all the stuff that's happening and now the news saying navy seals might have done it
on these you know before they they said it was these chechens what's your take on that
well i i think that he i think that what we have to realize right now is the city of boston is on
a complete lockdown now out here in california we had a rogue cop who was trained he was in the navy
he was trained by the lapd he was on the run and the city of la was not on lockdown and i think
that instead of going back and being consumed with hindsight alex you need to be consumed with
the fact that a major metropolitan city is on shelter in place for a 19 year old with a gun
perhaps there's a lot more to this than we know they want to cover up what really happened that's
what all our sources are saying this is a cover-up in action what do you think happened because they
they were going to go with the right wing angle they already announced it they couldn't help
themselves that they had the arrested right winger then it all stopped when these photos
got released what do you think's happening i think that the photos reveal that that the fed
may have been tipped off hence the guys on the ground in the blast zone knew where it was going
to go down they were watching they knew to get out of the zone before the explosion they also
had radioactive detective gear with them so the point is the point is that they knew something
was going to go down they didn't know that say 4chan was going to assemble that photo compilation
and it was going to go viral and we were going to see what happened and so now that we've seen that
we know and and now we see the massive response we know that something huge is taking place now have
we speculated could there be something even bigger in play here could there be something radioactive
i mean why were those guys there not that it may have been an op or an inside job but this may be
legit and we know that chechnyan have had a history of all sorts oh wait a minute they are the the
radiation guys wow no no i agree the body language of the seals to me is they were just told to be
there for a drill and didn't know uh and because i mean i've looked at now there's a ton of these
photos and videos they look just you know and i see some other guys that look you know like older
special ops like back look totally freaked out you know like whoa what just happened minutes after
uh the blast my issue is it started clicking last night i've seen them four times since tuesday
say maybe it's a former military like a navy seal when they have these creepy fbi and southern
barbie law center type guys on and so are they looking at framing the seals or what is that
let me point out one other thing you see of course you've seen the images because you mirrored them
you've seen the images remember the guy who looks kind of older he's wearing the blue
out blue jacket he's got the backpack on his forearm yes right okay look at that image push
in on him tell me he possibly doesn't look eastern european could that guy also be russian
i mean and because he does look suspicious he is holding that back pass suspicious
is there more people in play look at the turnout that's what my gut that's what my gut well half
the people there are spies you can look at the body language it's it's obvious all i know is i
believe it's that photo that freaked them out us us and again they said they had the guy they had
the guy and then and then that whole story changed this i have never seen an operation
unravel like this well it's not just that it's unraveling it's that it's unfolding man we're
seeing this turnout listen the city of boston is on shelter in place la was not shelter in place
during christopher dorner the city of boston effectively has shut down all the transit
everything something is in place and they're telling media the police are saying we'll kill
you if you show what's happening yeah well they could be they could be hunting down special ops
people that have blown the whistle who knows hey one more thing uh dan badandi he has a titanium
pair to ask the questions he has in the front in front of the world i mean the guy what we say
about dan badandi whenever whenever i hired him and then he had obviously his young son and some
people get homesick that happens he's sitting back home to be a reporter there he's still employed
here we do you know what we privately say about badandi when we set him on a mission what release
the kraken dude well if if badandi's listening right now you know what man there's a whole
bunch of people that appreciate you just asking the a couple of the questions that you did and
being as you know the tenacity that you have it was awesome well thank you we're gonna get him
on in overdrive guys set badandi up at three if he can do it let's get badandi on we should have
badandi on the awesome police chiefs coming in to add to the bizarreness of this day uh
as a cevada showed up he usually shows up right on time
all dudded up i think he should start wearing a full emperor outfit everyone can bow to him
all right ladies and gentlemen we're going to come back with more calls i promise we're going
to get to jason and then i'm going to go to uh james and then i'm going to go to michael and
bill we got to hurry straight ahead hello this is ty bollinger author of the best-selling book
cancer step outside the box i want you to know some very important information in 1985 president
ronald reagan requested that carnivora be sent directly to the white house at a time when only
the president could obtain this world-class healer now 27 years later carnivore capsules are used
around the world to keep people healthy now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in this
age of superbugs with 17 naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal
cells only without harming a single normal cell if you want to stay healthy now's your chance to
literally wake up your critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders that don't belong in your
body call 1-866-VENUSFLY or order from carnivora.com that's c-a-r-n-i-v-o-r-a.com that's 1-866-836-8735
1-866-VENUSFLY or visit carnivora.com protect your immune system it's the only one you've got
in the last two years alone the us has seen huge losses to our food supply in 2011 storms and
floods raged across the us costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone in 2012 we saw the largest
drought in the country in more than 50 years you may think out of sight out of mind and so you
don't think you will be affected the fact is you are we all are food shortages drive prices up for
everyone you might not be able to control mother nature but you can control your food prices by
freezing the cost and availability of your food supply with efoods direct be prepared before you
need it with nutrient-dense food you can store for up to 25 years you can hope for the best
but hope won't feed you do what i've done and get your own supply of the best durable foods out
there from efoods direct call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at efoods direct.com
forward slash alex and check out their spring specials again that number is 800-409-5633
or on the web at efoods direct.com forward slash alex you can bet your life on efoods direct
we've lived in this neighborhood for years we have an alarm system and all of our doors have
dead bolts they kicked in our door and were in and out of our house in about five minutes
the police arrived in about 20 minutes but they were long gone with our tv jewelry and my guns
i kept thinking what if my family had been home the police officer said that more than 85 percent
of break-ins are through a door and that dead bolts alone don't stop intruders the officer
told me to go to easyarmor.net if we wanted something that would actually stop an intruder
easy armor reinforces all of the weak points on your doors and is guaranteed to prevent kick-ins
i was surprised at how little easy armor costs and i installed easy armor in about 30 minutes
visit easyarmor.net that's the letters easy a-r-m-o-r.net or call 888-58-armor
that's 888-582-7667 easyarmor.net ultimate door security made easy
i was back there in the tv control room with a bunch of tvs on and there were they were
announcing it was on fox that diane feinstein is wanting everybody's guns that's the answer now
we've we've seen what guns do with terrorists that's their angle got to turn your guns in
because the government brings in all these chechens by the way we have an article up on
info wars.com about our government uh arming tens of thousands of chechens to blow up russian stuff
so it's just like the globalist funded al-qaeda wait till al-qaeda starts shooting down airliners
well the heat seekers our government helped them get in libya and then when i talk about it when
they do it i'll be the traitor because i told you it was all coming i'll be bad because i was right
by the way facebook the article's up where you're blocking us posting articles about the navy seals
and other security people that's the key to all this and and and by the way you haven't stopped
us it's in a couple major newspapers so how dare you say it isn't a real story unbelievable folks
get our articles out to everybody let's go to pat in mass was a block down the road from the
shootout and explosions then we'll go to james and a bunch of other police and special forces
like michael and jason and bill that are holding now go ahead you're on the air you're on the air
pat tell us what you saw and heard hey alex how you doing i'm not doing too good actually this is
it's not fun being at the front of this go ahead no it's not um well i'll tell you i um
i'm an electrician and i work at a secure site probably about a block away from where the
shootout happened and um uh you know we're in a big building and we heard the explosions and
it i kind of brushed it off as being you know maybe like the hvac system backfiring something
like that but uh by the time we were ready to leave about 1 15 um some guys came upstairs and
said you know the police are outside not allowing anybody to leave the building um and then uh by
the time we got downstairs the entire area was flanked by boston pd and um we attempted to leave
they were scouring the area guns drawn uh with the flashlights out and uh weren't allowing us
to leave we were able to get out probably about 45 minutes later um after some of the uh police
presence had died down it was a it was a really wild scene what is your take on all this we were
told it was right wingers now we're being told it's uh chechen's um well to be honest with you
alex the whole situation seems really strange for you know for two young guys to have no apparent
motive to to bowl off something like this exactly by the way it's not just it's not just what looks
like navy seals and special forces all around right before the bombing goes off and we know
there was a drill happening which they've denied and been caught lying about there's also all sorts
of what looked like fed's i mean it was like a third of the people when the bomb went off but but
but you know back were feds watching and i just don't think they want it coming out that they
probably knew what these guys were going to do and let them do it i mean that's the new york
times reported on last year this is the fbi specialty and bare minimum that's what happened
it's probably worse what do you think well i i'll tell you alex it didn't i mean it looked like a
pretty real scenario to me last night you know it didn't it didn't have any you know kind of false
flag sort of oh no no no i'm talking about the bombing no no no i agree there was probably a
real shootout and all that no no i hear you no i mean what do you think about the whole thing
what do you think about changing stories they had somebody arrested they didn't what do you
what do you make of that well well they always change the story don't they i mean it's you know
it seems like they come out with as a bostonian as a bostonian what's your gut on this false flag
or not um i my gut instinct is probably not to be honest with you no that's why we don't screen
your calls we won't hear what you have to say this could be the one in a million where it hadn't been
staged but then why were their feds crawling all around right before the bomb went off and why are
they lying about it certainly seems strange i mean you would think you would think under any any
circumstances that that kind of event they certainly would have now i've seen those pictures
that you posted of the supposed field team guys and you know i don't understand what those guys
are doing there um well and why is the media saying i'm lying and it doesn't exist that's
another thing well why are they on the news saying seals might have done it have you seen them say
that i haven't seen that no i have um i told people where they said it last night on like
six o'clock 6 15. all right well good to hear from you we got more calls coming up from the scene
and then sometime the next 20 minutes the police chief's supposed to show up
you are listening to gcn visit gcnlive.com today
you may be arrested and or subject to other police action tyranny is here the grim future
foretold in 1984 has become reality it really says that the state is god the united states
is now recognized globally as one of the most oppressive police states on earth this film
conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of fema camps now being expanded
nationwide this documentary exposes how the continuity of government program has established
an all-powerful shadow state police state four chronicles the sickening depth to which our
republic has fallen prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship body scanners
sound cameras citizen spies stage terror and cameras on every street corner it's only the
beginning of the new world order's hellish plan the police state isn't coming it's here
secure your copy today at infowars.com or see it online in the highest quality at prisonplanet.tv
waging war on corruption alex jones on the gcm radio network
big brother mainstream media government cover-ups you want answers well so does he
he's alex jones on the gcn radio network and now live from austin texas alex jones
all right all right let me have it good job good job
um yeah i know okay we're tracking that good job guys i'm doing a lot of work during the
breaks here so thank you for joining us ladies and gentlemen on this friday edition uh it looks like
jahar's twitter account is now up on gawker and they're saying he was a 911 truther and now he's
got family coming out saying he's been set up he's got friends that said there's no way he's involved
in this uh so i mean the way they've got everything locked down tell them press they'll kill them
now that you heard that police officer earlier he said that sounds incredibly suspicious to him
we're going to go to james there's a boston resident right now and then to others then
we're going to get to jason and bill and michael and uh sebastian uh says friend in boston arrested
for leaving home man this is this is martial law folks uh james james in boston thanks for holding
her on the air tell us what you're saying all right hi alex how you doing oh it's crazy man
go ahead yeah yeah look it i have never seen anything this uh this absurd and this is so much
media sensationalism this this is this is unheard of i was born and raised in boston i'm 45 years
old never have i seen anything this crazy this is martial law they're training you to have trips on
the streets and get arrested if you leave your home essentially that is what they're portraying
on the local media uh channel 7 wdb h uh whdd whatever the heck they are they are so uh so proud
of all this this this craziness now this is the nanny state this is it one 19 year old one look
they're busy hunting down the patsies i'm telling you that's what this is they got to make sure
they're dead just like the 7 7 deal where they killed a bunch of the guys go ahead well what's
really strange is i i have never seen any anything this this aggressive for some supposed 19 year old
i mean they're this worried about some kid that's running the streets yet yet let's put it this way
if it's just this one guy why does it take so many police and fbi and spot team and bomb ballistics
because it's all part of the coup d'etat against america it's all part of the just the total
takeover of everything i mean i can't go to the kite festival without national guard out there
they have tsa in downtown austin searching bags without warrants they just it's about a criminal
state takeover right right yeah well i again i just i felt i i've been listening to you uh over
the past couple years and more importantly most recently over the few months and uh i felt
compelled today to actually speak out this this was this was the last straw well i will go to city
council after all the grandstanding and and the police need to get in trouble for telling ap
reporters we'll kill you if you don't stop videotaping us i mean that's just i mean that's
just unprecedented grandstanding and i see families driving through and they're pointing
guns at them all over the city it's not like they think he's in one block and they're doing that that
i could see just a whole into other cities just an excuse to get your hands on everybody get
everybody conditioned and that's why they're doing this and just cops parading around in just giant
huge numbers like they're all totally scared to death i mean i and i'm not bragging about my life
i grew up kind of rough for whatever reason i might have people pull guns on me and stuff
i've seen violence i mean i was 14 years old and crapped my pants like this i mean this i mean
are the police taking it serious because i look on the news they're all laughing and standing around
and stuff i know people have been killed as well but i mean you know just i mean to think citywide
that you know he's under every chair and it's the end of the world what do you say to that
right right no the the area with which they've encompassed and and sort of infiltrated their
presence upon is extraordinary i mean i literally i watch you and sometimes i say oh alex you know
all right a little much a little much you would not freaking believe this i'm telling you from
a bostonian a hardcore bostonian they say they would no no no the new world order has
reinvaded boston on patriot's day i mean that's what this is introducing pro one all of your
filtration in one system portable on the go no more do you have two or three filters to just
reduce sodium fluoride you have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95 percent of
hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white
ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all
in one filter element it is the only one that does it and out of the gates we have it discounted at
10 off with promo code water this is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove
pesticides herbicides chloramines ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid the most common
form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate
get your pro pure with the new pro one filters today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139
if you want an american company with american products made by americans here it is the cal
bend soap company alex's staff have been using these all-natural earth-friendly pure soaps for
years and they are the best see them on the web at www.fivestarsoap.com or call 1-800-340-7091
for a catalog then order the sampler one to two months supply you will be getting soap products
twice as good as what you are using now at a great price and supporting an american company in the
process earth-friendly and all american their soaps are made from vegetable and coconut oils
call 1-800-340-7091 or visit www.fivestarsoap.com cal bend pure soap company can save you thousands
of dollars and give you good old-fashioned real soaps that are triple concentrated see it on the
web www.fivestarsoap.com or call 1-800-340-7091 for a catalog you prepare by purchasing gold
food and firearms but if you don't have a home security system then you're missing a critical
weapon in your arsenal for home protection when you're sleeping or away from home who's watching
out for intruders check out simply safe it's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is
completely wireless go to getsimplysafe.com simply safe is independent and off the grid
it runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down you are protected it's completely
customizable so you can use it in your home business boat trailer storage unit or shed
getsimplysafe.com simply safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes
so there's no need to let a stranger into your home if you move or need to relocate you can take
the system with you wherever you go you aren't always at home but simply safe will stand guard
protecting your property 24 hours a day seven days a week again that's getsimplysafe.com
by the way instance to tyrants his obedience to god by the way it is yes alex jones all right
ladies and gentlemen operating on very little sleep here taking your phone calls the austin
police chief is scheduled to be here i know that walking back and forth in front of tvs the last
three days i've heard them say it's probably a military veteran it could be a military person
it could be military training foreign military that's bombed us and then i remember hearing
that last night right before i went on the air but they actually found the transcript and what
they said is this type of thing that a soldier now that doesn't mean it's a u.s soldier that
means it's someone who probably has experience it could be a u.s adversary so on that particular
show i was talking about that's not what they said but i know i've seen them say that so help us dig
that up in fact they had it one yesterday from another cnn show i never got to it so they're
redigging that back up i know i've seen them basically say it's probably a veteran it could be
a a disgruntled u.s veteran is the thing i've heard them say uh repeatedly and of course we
have all the clips there's no need to even re-air those uh where they chris matthews uh the young
turks uh axle rod uh you know saying it's probably a domestic right-winger and then
they were all giddy wednesday saying oh yeah it is it is that's what it is a lone person well
it's not a lone person and then who is it they supposedly arrested and here's the thing that
listeners are all freaked out about why do they have most of boston and surrounding cities
totally locked down saying don't leave your house or we'll arrest you and speaking of that uh we
just had a guest on hold saying that their neighbor or their friend got arrested but i
guess they hung up i want to hear what they have to say 800-259-9231 we're gonna go to everybody
right now jason in wisconsin is army and says they have intel on blue shirt suspect everybody's
talking about go ahead jason huh i expected to get cut off or my house drone strike before i
even get on the air look at this okay you don't want your kids to die right i got kids too i don't
want them to die i'm speaking out and decloaking on facebook you want to know about the guy with
the hat or the hair the old guy with the hair the blue shirt carrying the duff backpack with two
hands does look a little heavy on this big giant shoulder okay bleiker b-l-e-i-c-h-e-r on facebook
sean knight's malta go hide behind red cross that's why they were that's why bush was laughing
give me your money don't we don't listen brother do me this send us an email at showtips at info
awards.com with specifically what you're talking about and where on facebook we'll look it up thank
you so much uh let's go ahead and talk to bill ex-navy special operation projects he says bill
what's your take on what you're seeing uh alex i i think you're dead correct i think it's a false
flag i mean uh i spent 20 years in the military and uh i haven't seen anything like this before
since probably 9 11 or 7 7 you know you conduct drills when the real stuff happens and wham
there's suspicion it's not a conspiracy it's just suspicion it ought to be investigated
are you there yes and they don't want to admit the drill and are trying to say none of this
even exists and trying to block it all over the web right now and the fbi says don't look at
other photos what does that sound like to you well i think don't look at other photos means
we're going to present you with the evidence that we want you to observe and we don't want you to
serve observe any other evidence no no that's actually almost a word for word quote of what
he said he said that he said we'll give you the evidence nothing else is credible exactly exactly
but the thing is you and your staff put a cog in the wheel when you came up with those photos
and you presented them online it made them delay the news briefs it delayed the conferences
and they had to change your story because of you and your new staff it took them a day to do it
well i don't want all the credit it's too dangerous actually other people did that it's just you
there's there's i am getting a lot of death by the way i am getting a lot of death threats right now
but uh go ahead okay uh i'd just like to throw a couple things at you if that's okay sure and i i
think there was i think there is premeditated uh plans of blame and it goes right along with what
you're saying and this is my opinion after 20 years of military service i think they i think
they intended on blaming it on a white supremacist gun-owning arcanist number one number two i think
they planted on tossing it to a disgruntled vet if the first one didn't work and number three
i think they planned on tossing it to iran china russia or maybe even north korea
so they could have another reason to implement another conflict and i gotta tell you mr banan
badandi has got a sack of steel without a doubt well you know what he had him kind of intimidating
him and threatening him and stuff uh all three times before and after and he's but still they
were afraid to i guess arrest him for because they didn't want him to be the newscast but
when he got info wars.com out and all over the world they were carrying that news feed live get
normally we get about a million visitors at info wars half a million to prison planet
big days maybe two million max guess how many visitors we had per minute for several hours
after that happened oh i was listening to you uh live on the uh on the audio feed on the internet
and you just broke the record i mean you broke the record that you broke two days before that
yeah we were having a hundred thousand new individual visitors per minute and and understand
that's stacking up on each other uh and i haven't had time to like look at the whole graph but it
looks like at one time we had like seven million people on the website yeah i don't think that
actually i had trouble accessing your website because it was so overloaded with people trying
to do research on it i don't think that pierce morgan um i don't think that never mind forget
pierce morgan anyway there's a couple other things i'd like to say that based on my past
four or five days of an investigation um i've come up with a couple different things and there's
at least one that i think you might have missed and if your staff has a time and opportunity to
check it out i did some research on the internet and came up with a file that said that president
obama met with a saudi arabian foreign minister no no that's that sir that's ap reuters and it
was a secret meeting they call it a walk by where they say it's an accident so they don't put a
record of it but it's still leaked you're absolutely right no no that's true i'm going
to jump to one more two more calls before the police chief who have tv viewers we can punch
him up out there he's come to confiscate our guns and he gets so look at him he's been hanging out
with his power he has a glow to him now been hanging out with biden up there been hanging
out with el gangster so anyways he's here to confiscate our firearms but anyways uh that is
coming up look at the crew out there i i'm gonna ask what he thinks of boston though in martial
law thank you so much for the call bill uh let's talk to jeff who wants to give his analysis as
military jeff in canada what's your take on this alex thank you so much i'm going to be as brief
as i can thank you can you hear me okay yes sir i can very good at approximately 4 10 this morning
i woke up as a sleep with one eye open usually these days and began to watch what i call phase
two of your operation which i call operation terror storm times two what happened at approximately
4 10 this morning was of course there was a press conference and they had a press conference
announcing that they had approximately 12 victims in the hospital this was the first press
conference they did in the hospital after the second shooting of an officer this is when they
began phase two of announcing there was a dhs former department of homeland security uh security
analyst as they called themselves on cnn she was literally reading so if you go back to that footage
you can see it around 4 30 in the morning she's literally reading out what's going to happen
this whole afternoon by the way she said at four four thirty this morning five o'clock this morning
this could go all day this could go two days so we're in a two-day marathon here now it's all a
martial law deal on patriot state it teaches to be good slaves and they even have said later today
on the menu as part of your vacation we will have a controlled demolition of an explosive so be
ready for that and we'll kill any media we see following us because we're busy exterminating our
patsies right now 100 you know you know alex i dig it up at 4 10 this morning you are it didn't
take you very long to get right up to speed and you are literally right up to speed this is a
sanitation exercise right now we are going after the patsies uh they obviously don't want these
people to talk uh you're now dragging out the family members out of their homes putting them
in front of the cameras uh those families are now going to go through a living hell but let's get
right back to the script being fed by department of homeland security former department of homeland
security right to these cnn reporters by the way they were on from 4 30 this morning so about eight
o'clock i asked your viewers who are these two reporters have you ever seen them in your life
i watched cnn no no that's look at 9 11 there was suddenly all these new reporters i'm telling you
this is their big move and they were going to go with the right wing deal but that got screwed up
because of the drill being exposed and now they've moved to these chechen cutouts that everybody
knows chechnya is like a cia run uh a proxy state against the russians i mean this is this is
amazing and and where do you see this ending in closing uh well you know alex i just wanted to
interject one more thing here you have a car jacking you have a crazy sideways story that
the media has tried to be tried to juggle uh between 4 30 this morning and about eight o'clock
this morning until it was really obvious to me that we are in martial law they announced a no
fly zone over boston i started getting on by the way i had all these military calls on tuesday do
you remember that saying they've been told get ready for martial law to start in boston on
friday and then we had scowls and say there's no way they have that intel but when you get ready
to go with the soft martial law to condition everybody you finally got to tell the troops
all right amazing points i just remember those calls tuesday and wednesday all right we're
going to get chief art ace of veda in here uh part of bloomberg's uh well he's like bloomberg's
the emperor palpatine he's darth vader so uh and i'm i'm i guess uh nute gunray i'm like oh lord
vader you are here to help me over the emperor all right so they're all he's got his he's got
his protection know that berkey water purification systems are the most trusted name in water
filtration as an authorized berkey dealer for over six years in serving thousands of satisfied
customers the berkey guy offers amazing specials for berkey water filtration systems the berkey
light systems include a set of self-sterilizing and re-cleanable black purification elements that
purify water by removing chlorine pathogenic bacteria cyst and parasites to non-detectable
levels and remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides and pesticides order the berkey
light system today complete with two black berkey elements for only 231 and the berkey guy will ship
your order free of charge with the purchase of a berkey light the berkey guy is also offering a
set of fluoride and arsenic filters for only $39.99 that's over 30% off the retail price
call the berkey guy at 1-877-886-3653 that's 1-877-886-3653 or order online at goberky.com
that's goberky.com today in the last two years alone the us has seen huge losses to our food
supply in 2011 storms and floods raged across the us costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone
in 2012 we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years you may think out of sight
out of mind and so you don't think you will be affected the fact is you are we all are food
shortages drive prices up for everyone you might not be able to control mother nature but you can
control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply with e-foods
direct be prepared before you need it with nutrient-dense food you can store for up to 25
years you can hope for the best but hope won't feed you do what i've done and get your own supply
of the best durable foods out there from e-foods direct call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web
at efoods direct.com forward slash alex and check out their spring specials again that number is
800-409-5633 or on the web at efoods direct.com forward slash alex you can bet your life on efoods
direct devastating events like earthquakes tornadoes floods hurricanes or the threat of
martial law have highlighted the need for americans to prepare for emergencies as a result
millions are stockpiling food gold and weapons but how will these items help if you or one of your
loved ones becomes ill supernatural silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical
emergency supernatural silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against
bacteria viruses moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care taken internally or used topically
it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens supernatural silver has over 500 different uses
and a long-term shelf life making it the number one choice of preppers across the country
to find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared go to supernaturalsilver.com
use the promo code prepared for 20% off your entire order and like us on facebook
hempusa.org has a revolutionary wonder food for detoxing the body and rebuilding the immune system
micro plant powder can help unplug arteries and soften heart valves while removing heavy metals
virus fungus bacteria and parasites plus it cleans and purifies the blood lungs stomach and colon
keep your body clean with micro plant powder order today at 888-910-4367 or visit hempusa.org
hi this is ted anderson have you ever wondered why banks stockbrokers investment advisors won't
talk about gold iras they've been available since 1986 yet the financial industry won't recognize
the value of gold for your retirement gold is outperformed paper investments yet no word about
iras if you would like to have gold for your retirement call 800-686-2237 don't get left
behind by rising inflation and low returns call 800-686-2237 secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237
the genesis communications radio network proudly presents
the alex jones show because there's a war on for your mind art ace of ito the austin police chief
now in service to the sith lord obama uh and michael moore as well as bloomberg no no he's
here he's a really nice guy even though he wants to confiscate my firearms you were saying during
the break you don't want to take my guns tell me about it okay that's why i need to come to see you
i do not believe in gun confiscations of law-abiding americans of of sound minds every time
you say that i challenge you on twitter to show me where i've ever said we should confiscate guns
and yeah but you're there but you ignored me you didn't answer that because you will not find
a sound bite you will not find an article you won't find anywhere well i'll be honest i didn't
see the tweet what's on your twitter i said i tweeted you right well i mean i can't keep track
of all this i follow you jones and that's me i know you plan to put me in a fema camp i never
no no no seriously look look i joked around because i know you fled communism in cuba yeah
and said you ought to move back to cuba absolutely because because you're and i was i'm in it tongue
and cheek but you're editing i had to like smoke you out to come down here and confront me i know
you're not a chicken you want to come down here confront me no i i just want to get the record
straight up even though you're like a karate champion here i hear i better not challenge you
to a boxing match look at that piers morgan you already did no it's so piers morgan was 76 piers
that's all i remember i i have never laughed so hard you that guy could not handle you at all
well i was a little under the weather when i was there too but let's i want to get into boston
with you and the whole gun control deal but at the very event you were at uh the city councilman
uh you know guys had a sign saying no gun ban he said hey when we do this we're going to register
you but then we're going to get your guns later don't worry but that's not what what he said
that's not what he said here's what happened but that is the plan get register him and then get
the guns i think that's the fear i think that's the fear i can tell you right now that this police
chief and this police department will never ever participate in the mass confiscation of firearms
of law-abiding americans it'll be done in phases no and zero face we will never participate in that
it's against our conscience you told me the sky would be falling before troops were in austin
why do i always see national guard and state guard doing the crowd control now no you said uh i told
you you talked about troops doing some kind of martial law type thing and it's never happened
here what's going on in boston right now uh you know what i'm not sure because i'm not there i'm
here but isn't that martial law when they're locking most of the city down and saying don't
come out and i will kill the press no i the press is there no ap was told i'll pull up ap
they were told you're dead if you come out i heard something live on cnn and i was watching where
there were some gunshots going on they should be careful you're in the line of fire that's
i have not heard seen anything like that uh the bottom line is what's going on in boston
is they're looking for one more suspect as far as i know from the media reports and uh they've asked
uh the people in the entire city of boston to stay indoors um would you ever do that in austin
for like one guy probably i don't want to be critical is i don't know what we think is for
one guy we don't have all the information i'm sure they have good reason it would take a lot
for us to tell the entire city of almost a million people here in the city of austin to everybody's
staying and boston's even bigger no we're actually bigger we're wow we're much more spread yeah i
mean that's the thing that's so frustrating i guess we've grown so fast we are the fastest
growing city and region in the nation we're 838 000 folks probably more like closer to 900 000
we're a region of almost 2 million people worth over 300 square miles boston i think is about 90
we're a colony of california i'm a texan i don't know about you well i mean but listen let's get
back to the guns briefly let's be honest okay crime has dropped 49 violent crime in the last
20 years directly the main even the fbi has to admit because of gun ownership increasing
criminals are scared and i can show you those statistics guys will you roll there the 49 drop
in crime rates for the police chief will show you the numbers from fbi.gov here in a moment i mean
explain to me how i have to be penalized because of bad people but how you being penalized when you
go buy a firearm right now at from a licensed dealer which is where i presume that's where
you get your guns because as a concern i don't have any guns yeah right sure as a consumer only
a couple under the counter right here i got one too i know as a consumer you want to protect
yourself make sure you get it from a licensed person so it's not stolen so you make sure that
you're getting something that you can rightfully own listen it's about to me uh to me universal
background checks is about making sure that the person getting that fire and we have illegal
aliens right now illegal immigrants that can go into gun shows go to a private seller buy whatever
they want uh but they're going to get it anyways no that's what that's it's always used to harass
here's my issue maybe you really want to do it for law and order and i actually get some of the
arguments the problem is up top they want the list to take the guns do you know obama's on record
saying he wants to confiscate guns when he was a state senator did you know the attorney general
is their friend but that will never happen alex the constitution united states the second amendment
is very clear that we have the right to bear arms i know it's a i know it's a real concern of fear
and rightfully so i mean government needs to be kept in check fidel let your parents own guns
no absolutely not my dad used to actually run guns against fidel you know my my my uncle here's who
his 80s is still a chl holder i really believe in it gun running my father in cuba absolutely well
that's moral to do it against fidel but what about fast and furious that's why well i don't
that was two different administrations not just to obama but but the thing is when you call me
a communist that really hurts me because my half of my father's friends were executed by fidel
cow because only fidel had the guns only fidel well no we the anti-rebels had guns no but i mean
he he ended up getting most the guns and absolutely and and that's why did fidel want people's guns
to control them yeah we'll be right back with the awesome police chief art ace of vito stay with us
we're on the march the empire's on the run alex jones and the gcn radio network
i had tried everything i'd cut back the amount of food i was eating i was lifting weights and
jogging but nothing was working my body was literally starving for minerals and trace
elements as well as key vitamins and as soon as i had that i immediately could eat half of what
i was eating previously and be satisfied now there are hundreds of great products at info
wars team.com but i want to point out the three that have helped me lose 37 pounds in just two
months products like beyond tangy tangerine holland burst and rebound when i started taking
the tangy tangerine and other products every day i lost more than 37 pounds in just two months now
that's results i want to challenge my listeners to go to info wars team.com and order just three
of their products and you will see the changes in the way you look feel and in your appetite almost
immediately start your journey to health and wellness today info wars team.com now that we
have moved into the winter season there is an increased need to support our immunity and health
at silver lungs we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection of silver
based products our most popular silver based products are the 32 ounce nano silver solutions
our two ounce nano silver nasal applicators as well as our all natural silver soaps
just released is our 100 percent natural silver gel our new silver gel is not based on synthetic
gelling agents which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface but rather
we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera
to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more effectively visit
www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver based products are best for you
that's www.silverlungs.com in the last two years alone the u.s has seen huge losses to our food
supply in 2011 storms and floods raged across the u.s costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone
in 2012 we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years you may think out of sight
out of mind and so you don't think you will be affected the fact is you are we all are food
shortages drive prices up for everyone you might not be able to control mother nature but you can
control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply with e-foods
direct be prepared before you need it with nutrient-dense food you can store for up to 25
years you can hope for the best but hope won't feed you do what i've done and get your own supply
of the best durable foods out there from e-foods direct call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web
at efoods direct.com forward slash alex and check out their spring specials again that number is
800-409-5633 or on the web at efoods direct.com forward slash alex you can bet your life on efoods
direct. we are on the march the empire is on the run alex jones and the gcn radio network
he rode a blazing saddle he wore a shining star his job to offer battle
all right chief uh rd cevita is uh here with us in studio and we're gonna do a whole fourth hour
of overdrive i know we've got a lot of police and military and people in boston on the line 800
259-9031 who are going through all this crazy martial law garbage hey uh you know chief i'm
gonna get back into guns for a moment but did you know that i got all the photos from anonymous
which they which we did google searches on you can do that search they're real photos of the
navy seals and feds everywhere like 20 feet from the bombers and there's multiple teams of bombers
there what are you talking about boston yes boston there's multiple teams of bombers and
they are freaking out right now over the photos we've released and you know that that's why they
canceled the first press conference they weren't gonna blame it on a right winger now they're busy
hunting down the uh the second tier of patsy's what do you say to that well i think i i don't
have all the details so i'll wait uh to get more information but that's the first i've heard of
that and i mean i've been following a lot of footage looking into all things and uh there's
the washington times on our story washington who the washington times from that's from washington
it's a captured area about foreign banks yeah on the potomac on the east coast can i hold
up can i keep can i keep this sure thank you very much valuable intelligence see i focus uh very
much on on austin that's my biggest concern why does the judge department love you so much because
i mean i think most of the anti-gun police chiefs do act like they can't talk even they well listen
uh i don't know they love me or don't love me but i think that part of our responsibility as
law enforcement professionals is the way in on public on matters of public safety and
uh you know the major state chiefs has a position uh paper on uh on gun policy and uh there's a
there's uh i think the assault weapon ban is something that's supported i i like to i like
to focus not on the guns themselves but on the prohibited purchasers the prohibited people that
shouldn't have them so you're saying you support the assault weapons man on a personal level no
i don't support it i do so the mayor tells you to like that's the policy of austin once again
i've never i've never supported uh okay because yeah i mean semi-auto has hardly committed any
of the crimes as you know listen i support uh common sense universal background checks
or use the commission of crime yeah uh closing the loophole on on criminals there are people
there look greed it's human nature people will sell their own mothers if the price is right
but i mean lansa stole his guns most of these guys steal their guns but 40 of the guns out there
there's they're they're bought from private uh citizens and i just think we need to close that
loop oh we're gonna hear about these supposed terrorists where they got their guns i'm sure
we will oh yeah this is the this is the next false flag against the second amendment what
concerns me alex is that you protect the second amendment listen if we don't do things that to do
better uh in terms of keeping guns out of the hands of criminals and other prohibited purchasers
like people that are getting ready to go do a uh with extreme mental illness sooner or later
there'll be the point of well we can watch rock bottom and everything that everybody fears
the you know the the assault weapons bans and things of that nature confiscations
may come true if we don't do the right thing which is i think universal background checks
is the way to go that's a new spin give us a little or we'll take them all like no no like
you told my reporters not say that you said that my reporter you said well we already could do
door-to-door gun confiscation we wanted to you know what i said what you told my reporter you
said we could already do door-to-door confiscation we would no no that's not what i said yeah you
did i don't know what i said no what i said was this and i remember that great great reporter i
really like that kid you really had some good young people around you what i said was that
the fear of the slippery slope keeps being used by certain people to not have universal background
checks because if you do universal background checks then there'll be a registry and that will
lead to confiscations and what i said was that there the government decides to compensate guns
with or without a registry they're just going to go to door-to-door i mean that's what if that's
what they decide to do which is not realistic we have uh millions of guns already in our
neighborhoods they're not that's never going you know what would happen if they tried that
be revolution guaranteed so so so why are you worried about something that everybody with half
a brain knows a is not going to happen because they because they've already done it in many
states and counties and cities incrementally sure it's not going to float like wrangle has said in
the evil south and and the midwest but everywhere else they pretty much already have taken a lot of
the guns that have created the hell holes like chicago and new york where the crime bosses
perch up there on everybody and the problem is that those places like chicago's to allow
gun violence because it's too easy to get with the loophole in other places but why isn't it
crime higher here you can get guns even easier the criminals go there because they know there's
victims that can't why has the crime do you dispute the fbi number of a 49 drop in violent
crime since 1991 no and then you have to go back what happened since 1991 we had the cops bill that
added 100,000 police officers we had the three strike laws so a lot went to went into it sure
they locked up a bunch of people but gun ownership in in in many university studies it went up crime
went down and tex and after concealed carry goes in muggings and carjackings plummet because these
crooks are scared listen so that's what you're making my point we are we have a lot more in
common in terms of our views on gun ownership i i'm all for the chl process here it's a tremendous
process texans they're for the second amendment but they're also for responsible gun ownership
not just letting any any you know tom dick and harry run down the street with a bunch of mission
but you know what you're not listening to is that guys queue up before we go to mike martinez the
city councilman i was there and and let me tell you what happened okay cue him up cue up mike
martinez go ahead i'll give you the play-by-play what if you just what happened was mike goes up
there to talk right and then there's a guy there was a big old guy he's just saying it's cute go
ahead i said i thought they said cute man i said well thank you very much so so there's a big old
guy that was a was a pro second amendment you know guy standing in the in the front then there was
a guy with that sign no gun bans and the second council member martinez started talking this big
guy yells you f-ing liar and i don't know i can say the big but he used the actual word and uh
then then everybody you know starts carrying around and he came up to the guy and actually
martinez said we're gonna make your sign legitimate but that's where i'm not we have the
video i don't think he did but but but i'm telling you what led up to it so after the guy tells mike
martinez that you know you're an f-ing liar and then there's a little scuttle down there i went
down there and say we're not gonna have any problems no a lady came up and hit the guy in
the back well i didn't see that we have it all on video i don't see this cussing you're climbing
oh no i was there i was there i was there and so so then mike sees the sign and made that comment
but when you listen to the rest of it uh i think he did that i was like we're not going to take
your guns right now but after we finish this work registration we are going to need that sign because
we're going to make that a reality for you i think if you look at that specific uh if you took that
just that sound bite it would make you believe that he wants to take everybody's guns but if
you listen to everything he had the violence policy center and and mayors against gun violence
they have all said the abolition of civilian ownership of firearms is the goal the un unit
air treaty when they tried to pass it in 2001 said there must be an abolition of the civilian
ownership of firearms because i'm quoting it threatens the legitimate power monopoly of the
state i can tell you that in this country that will never happen i would never be supportive of
it and when you talk about gun bans you can tell people that i'm in favor of gun bans i have to
call you out because i'm not well here's the deal you're you're you're going around with bloomberg
and joe biden i'm not going around with bloomberg come on man joe biden is a gangster did you have
dinner with joe no was don corleone there don corleone is a character no i know i want to know
that joe biden's the real thing what the vice president's position uh i actually got to meet
with him in his office with uh 11 other police chiefs and i don't believe for a minute that he
would uh support a total gun what about him saying go out and shoot a shotgun in most areas
that's illegal kill your neighbors yeah i don't know about that and says women can't have ar-15s
they can't use them what the hell is he talking about that's the best gun for a woman i can just
tell you that uh in my meetings with him person to person not on the internet or anywhere else
he absolutely what he's advocating for is not a total gun but he cares about the kids
let me ask you a question do you own an ar-15 no but i but i have one assigned to me i have an uh
a m and p uh m 15 m for mmp 15 which is uh really a really nice farm i like guns and i like firearms
i've always liked to shoot even as a kid and so hey guys will you go get a crew uh bring in the
bring in the black 50 it's unloaded don't worry bring in the black barrett i think the police
chief wants to see it have weldon bring it you're not scared of a citizen with a gun are you
absolutely not they're good it's unloaded don't worry criminals with a gun and exactly and that's
what i support is is com to me subjecting myself to showing an id and having somebody run a
background check that takes three minutes you know i had to say bring in the black barrett because
there's something you know we have to we have all these little beauties in our stable we have to
we have to like where's the bombshell throughout when it all starts the apocalypse you know where
to go jones well you know when they plunged it they are gearing up they're digging in by
why is the government buying billions of bullets and armored vehicles and i have army manuals where
they're training for gun confiscation and they use the term re-education camp of libertarians
i i haven't seen that so i can't okay well let's play mike martinez first since i mentioned it here
it is for radio and tv viewers here it is are we on tv too yes yes we're on tv too and our
computer system has been having major heart attacks but uh that must be the federal government
right no no no it's this piece here it is thank you so much i've got a proclamation on the active
mayor and city council that we want to present but i want to say a couple of words um and i'll
um and i'll be brief first of all to the gentleman that's dying for attention uh someone needs to
inform them that there is no gun ban currently but
alex jones here for info okay okay there you go who's that guy now now guys then next queue up
dianne feinstein mr and mrs america turn them all in you have that queued up don't know when you're
ready go ahead but uh but you didn't that that was that that clip doesn't show the other the
the gentleman that you saw with the hat on the glasses is the one that uh said we we have it in
high def everywhere and cannot hear him saying that you know what show me the unedited version
of that from because i was there and i guarantee you it's there well i mean i i will from behind
you hear him say something after okay now no no no no no after but no but i can't hear what he's
saying martinez says hey he says something like you hear that wants attention then he says something
no no no the guy told me f and liar and that's when mike said that and you know what i i michael
tell why would he say f and liar before it even talked the guy clearly says he start because he's
that was after the little altercation the little verbal altercation all right well let's expand
on this here's diane feinstein 60 minutes 60 minutes if she had the votes mr and mrs america
turn your assault rifles in here it is if i could have gotten 51 votes in the senate of the united
states for an outright ban picking up every one of them mr and mrs america turn them all in
i would have done it i could not do that the votes weren't here all right chief art asevedis here i
know we got callers holding next hour i'll take your calls and cover the martial law uh training
but hey what do you think of this beauty writer well first off mrs feinstein wants me to turn
this in i i don't know if you'd know how to use that oh no i don't i can't handle it hey anyways
no no uh you want to go out shoot it sometime absolutely yeah at the real steiner ranch yeah
let me know the the the 12 000 acre one out by bass drop let me know i'd love to go you want to go
absolutely and and then you know what's funny is that i i watch and i follow you get beat up for
being too nice for me then some people beat me up for uh that's too heavy for me man oh no it's not
that's heavy and then some people beat me up from spending time with you but i think that in a
and the the amendment that uh means a lot to me too is the first amendment and
i believe in diversity too bring in the brown barrett
oh jones i like black black brown white children silver all living together in freedom
you you are you're a good way to end the week so i believe in your first amendment and i hope
you told me you're going to see a movie today i want to go see oblivion today with tom cruise
that does look like a good movie yeah we'll see how it looks like uh i'll give you a review
down why do you think bloomberg can have 15 security detail but he doesn't want
his citizens in new york to have guns you know what i i don't know
are you is the bloomberg and you're a little uncomfortable right now you got a loaded gun
this no absolutely i do have a loaded gun you never know when i'm gonna have to defend myself
and uh absolutely here let's do a great check just you know i know seeing a fellas a slave
with a gun scary but see we're gonna take you out and see if you can shoot 100 rounds through this
all right we'll do it actually doesn't even kick that bad you know what kicks is what is the single
shot ones that don't have the spring recoil now that kicks the single shot uh 50s 50s yeah yeah
like a like a grizzly yeah anyways you ought to see this ant hey do we agree now you you do agree
that a i'm not a communist i want for the record your listeners know that i'm not a communist
you're gonna take that back you know i'm not a communist and b i've never supported by gun bans
listen i don't think you're probably a bad guy what budget do you guys have how can you afford
all this i'm telling you this is this is a good operation no business how much does this run let
me ask you a question uh when i got it five thousand it's worth oh my gosh no no hey i am
gonna i want you guess guess how much it's worth now how much is it oh 25 000 oh my goodness you're
gonna need security just for your arsenal i don't have an arsenal that's that's actually pretty
sweet yeah so which one you like the first one you like this is the what the uh coast guard uses
i like the first one but for in helicopters on a on a sling so they can shoot through boat through
ships yeah and sink them well let me tell you something about uh the supreme but don't you
feel safer knowing i'm here of the martians invade let me tell you something i know where i'm coming
to get my my my arsenal when when when the walking dead comes true i'm coming to alex jones's house
bunker his ranch wherever he's at i want to find him and i'm going to get some ammo from him
no no seriously i knew with the gun grabbing that these would only go up in price
show so that's why i got him it's an investment how much do they run for uh 25 000 now are you
serious yeah there was i bought this for five thousand and that one five that's ten so right
now i've been looking at ten how many of these do we have i'm not going to tell bloomberg that
anyways i'm just breaking the taboo here but no let's get serious here for a minute talk about
the supreme court i think overall that that that that you're playing ball politically and you can
argue hey if we controlled guns that might actually you know be a good thing the problem
is it's not being done from on high from that perspective right they are harassing did you see
the veteran up by temple in the middle of nowhere walking with a gun and they arrest him have you
seen that viral video no but yeah of the master sergeant well guy being arrested you we don't
know what it's about no no no he's walking down a rural road with his son with a rifle
and so how do you know it's not for warrants or something no no they say on the video his son
videotapes it and he says it's not illegal to carry a loaded rifle and he goes well you scared
people so we're not gonna let you walk down the rural road i'm not i don't know anything about it
but uh back to the uh i just wanted i want to see if i heard this right on klbj when the donner
thing was going on in la christopher donner uh i remember hearing you on klbj saying that the
austin police department is a model police department and the rest of the nation should
be like us uh yes you remember that yes i did say that only got me now i want you well no no
because they're so bad i mean i mean i mean it's like kind of like we're pretty darn good it's like
if there were like 20 latrines at the uh you know at the nascar race ours flush right and exactly
and like one of them has not you know been overflowed yet yeah so it's kind of like the
choice no no i mean i'll tell you i know a lot of austin police i've been all over the country
police are scary in new york they're scary they're in your face they look like goons out of a movie
so i will say austin police are about as good as i've run into thank you very much and we appreciate
you and you've got a lot of fans under the awesome police department i'm one of them well all i know
is how did you get sucked into the white house to literally be the salacious crumb to obama because
you know he is a guy that sits on java's leg you know what because i i really believe that we it's
my duty as a peace officer to weigh in on matters and policy of public safety and what i keep
telling folks is if we did a better job keeping guns out of the hands of criminals and crazy
people we wouldn't be talking about assault weapons bans or any weapons bans we we it just
would not happen but the issue is crazies always get guns and diane feinstein says her ultimate
goal is to register to then confiscate they've done this everywhere else i'm not i'm not i will
never be in favor of confiscation but you're not the one that's going to be running things
i'm just telling you that neither of the vast majority are american how long you're going to
be in austin how long do you take the justice department job is the out of the atf i'm never
going to uh i don't want to work anywhere i like it here i want your job when i i want to be the
next alex jim hey you you promised to go shoot 50 cals with us for the gun show i will yeah i will
go with you let's go let's go hello this is ty bolinger author of the best-selling book cancer
step outside the box i want you to know some very important information in 1985 president
ronald reagan requested that carnivora be sent directly to the white house at a time when only
the president could obtain this world-class healer now 27 years later carnivore capsules are used
around the world to keep people healthy now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in this
age of superbugs with 17 naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal
cells only without harming a single normal cell if you want to stay healthy now's your chance to
literally wake up your critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders that don't belong in your
body call one eight six six venus fly or order from carnivora.com that's c-a-r-n-i-v-o-r-a
dot com that's one eight six six eight three six eight seven three five one eight six six venus
fly or visit carnivora.com protect your immune system it's the only one you've got start life
over spend more quality time with your family take more vacations own your own business be healthy
and earn the kind of income you've always dreamed of is it possible yes with Young Jevity to learn
more go to infowarsteam.com that's infowarsteam.com then pre-register for the spring Young Jevity
Convention May 2nd through 4th in Las Vegas Nevada and guess who will be there hi I'm Dr.
Joel Wallach the dead doctors don't lie guy I prescribe the healthy body challenge and I'll be
there hi this is pharmacist Ben Fuchs and I'm taking the healthy body challenge and I will be
there hi I'm Dr. Peter Glinton I'm doing the healthy body challenge and I'll see you at the
Young Jevity Conference in May take the healthy body challenge and don't miss the Young Jevity
Convention in Las Vegas Nevada May 2nd through 4th for more information go to infowarsteam.com
infowarsteam.com that's infowarsteam.com
amino acids are the building blocks of proteins amino acids have to be delivered to your body
in the shape that nature gave them if they are to be used to create new proteins in your body
just like a brick layer cannot use bent or twisted bricks to build a brick wall so too your body
cannot use bent or twisted amino acids to build new proteins giving your body an undamaged amino
acid food can make a huge difference in your health one world way is an undamaged amino acid
food unlike any other you see heating bends and twists amino acids and all whey protein powders
we've investigated and most proteins you consume are heated with our true cool process you now have
a choice with one world way my name is Daniel I'm 34 years old when I started using one world way
I weigh 228 pounds now after two and a half months I weigh 182 pounds this is my ideal weight
I've noticed an increase in stamina rate of recovery from workouts and an increase in my potency
call 888-988-3325 or visit one world way.com
heartache sovato is here the awesome police chief I'm doing a whole nother hour with your phone
calls uh beat me up after I leave by the way my reporter just came in here and I was going from
memory see that guy tricked you a guy behind him said that's another nephew we had a longer
conversation there was more than one nephew there's more than one nephew but I'm not here making it
up that the guy didn't cuss I haven't seen that on the video yeah no no that's it I know you got
to go see a Tom Cruise movie you're welcome to go watch the raw footage no I mean I was there
the raw footage is right here brother so are you a Scientologist now no I'm joking that's a joke
hey seriously you wanted to talk about the supreme courtroom I just looked at you know I get beat up
all the time listen let me just say this to to your listeners we are a nation of laws and as a
nation of laws we have to operate under the rule of law and here's the deal the supreme court scotus
right gets to the side interpret the law I get beat up for my no refusal weekends on drunk
drivers I have no use for where it's a violation of the fourth amendment like the Travis county
da driving the wrong way down the road uh she uh they actually took blood on her with the search
warrant should the footage be released of her yes and I think it will be should she should she
resign um I don't know because I haven't seen the well she sounded drunk when she got up the next
day I I'll just leave it at that she's a friend so I'd rather not a fellow gun grabbing democrat
I don't know I don't know what her position is but she's a democrat I don't know I'm not are
you a democrat no how about how about gun grabbers anonymous I could help you and piers morgan join
it I'm not a gun grabber stop saying that hey you like that 50 don't you yeah I do actually
we're gonna go out you don't even that we are going shooting you're not afraid of Bloomberg
to see you no you listen you have to understand something part of the thing that by weighing in
on those issues you get to keep people a little bit more to the center not too far to the left and
I think the last about moderation I don't like anything too far to the right or too far to the
left I think that Americans are pragmatic and we need to be a we see any moderate but let me just
say this about the the court supreme court decision they affirmed once again that with
a search warrant we get to draw blood from drunk driving but only in Transylvania during full moons
no only when you're out there but but once again they reaffirm the fact that regardless of what
people's personal views are on the fourth amendment or the fifth amendment whatever
they want to invoke that the supreme court once again has made it very clear that my are no
refusal weekends where when we get a search warrant we are able legally constitutionally
to draw your blood the second piece is that this police chief because I believe in the rule of law
and I believe in our constitution I believe in our institutions the second that ruling came out
sure we stopped relying on the transportation code and I told my folks we will no longer do
immediately effective immediately we will no longer do non-consensual warrantless blood draws
period I don't care what but she still tried it did we try it did you did it before well because
it was well here's my issue I work late a lot I drove home at 5 a.m. that story and you were
weaving no I wasn't I don't remember the whole story the point what story was that one day you
were driving home at one day you're driving home at 5 a.m this cop from the Austin PDs came out
and over and stopped your suspicion of drunk driving they did otherwise I drove home at 5 a.m
the other day oh no no you told me another one no and and and this is like my fifth time with you so
I know but the point is it's like cops everywhere yeah and the point is it's not illegal to drive
late at night not like I've been driving by neighborhoods by garages or something so what
happened nothing yeah but you got cops pulled behind you and run your plates and stuff like
that okay and so that what do you think we're supposed to do well they need to be arresting
Obama for fast and furious you don't what started under the administration and and but here's the
deal let me tell you something we get paid to try to uh prevent uh crime from occurring we get paid
to try to uh stop criminals from hurting people and that's about it so we want us to sit on the
donut shop doing nothing eating donuts getting fat wait until you get victimized to come out
and put well let me ask you this it's coming out of the illegal aliens are allowed to drink and
drive do you arrest illegals when they're drunk come on are you kidding me this county uh two
years ago we had more people deported out of travis county uh per capita than any other county
in the in this in the country oh yeah I knew that was true I mean but I mean my whole issue is I
always read about the illegals I've talked to prosecutors in Austin who said that they just
the judges just let the illegals go but citizens are seen as big plump juicy milk cows
oh let's do five more minutes then it's all your calls that are holding patiently I promise
I'm gonna get to all of you thank you for listening to GCN I know you want to confiscate
those visit gcnlive.com today devastating events like earthquakes tornadoes flood
hurricanes or the threat of martial law have highlighted the need for americans to prepare
for emergencies as a result millions are stockpiling food gold and weapons but how
will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill supernatural silver is the
ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency supernatural silver is a natural
antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria viruses moles and fungus and is remarkable
for wound care taken internally or used topically it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens
supernatural silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life making it the number
one choice of preppers across the country to find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared go to supernaturalsilver.com use the promo code prepared for 20% off your entire order
and like us on facebook coast to coast direct from austin you're listening to the alex jones
broadcasting network network big brother mainstream media government cover-ups you want answers
well so does he he's alex jones hey yeah we got police chief hardy here i'm talking over my own
intro live from austin texas hey your dad ran guns you're saying against the communist i admire that
and men and now obama is literally a weatherman and you're here trying to help him get everybody's
guns listen the the i've listened to all the president's statements and i i what he's really
supporting is trying to keep guns out of the hands of criminals that's that's my opinion you
know his health care plan doubles the rates for people see now i'm not gonna i'm not gonna talk
about policy has nothing i mean obama is is horrible no i didn't don't vote for him i mean
that's just what i mean like a president or not he well you're always nice to come in what do you
think about the boston situation how they said we have someone arrested and we think did it
oh now no now we're not having a press conference and now it's these guys listen ed davis the
commissioner is a friend of mine he's a real honorable man when those things happen is that
the giant guy well he's not i love you man he's got fred flinstone his deputy chief i don't know
listen when those things happen a lot of information comes out half of it's the media
runs with stuff with they hear a rumor that's unconfirmed and they start reporting as gospel
there's a lot of chaos there's a lot of confusion and so i can tell you that i know that at some
point i will get a uh from ed davis a very in-depth briefing of lessons learned what
went right what went wrong um i'm just thankful that not uh and no more i mean not that many
people were injured or killed i mean my heart goes out to all the victims we had about 26
members of our department running there well that's terrible members uh was right at the
finish line right barely missed it and so we you know uh it's terrible it's a good thing they
missed it let me ask you this if there was an event god forbid like that in austin you know
let's say like you know the capital 10k or something had a bombing like that would you
lock the city down i mean i mean are they now going to have uh like proctology exams at any
public event in austin no but i think here's what we have to be cognizant of you know at airports
people wouldn't just you'll just leave a bag and walk away from it and unfortunately if you go to
our races especially at the beginning at the finish and the starting line you'll see bags
all over the place you're never gonna listen i get 400 troops thousands of police you can't stop it
you can't stop i mean all i mean in fact if i was a terrorist there was a security line i would go
to it yeah you can't stop everything uh but i think when you do austin we're so laid back
we're just going to be a little bit more aware and just be a little bit more responsible and
at the end of the day uh you're a little more aware people are trying to get our guns a little
more aware i'm not in favor of that and i don't know of anybody that uh i don't know of anything
in the legislation that other than the uh the assault weapons piece that i'm like i said well
let me ask you this this is my final point on that personal level i'm not in favor personally
but the major city chiefs that is the position but but but but david not my reporter points out what
the white house is proposed what's in the bill is just where a mental health person they say
they think and it's not a real adjudication and then you lose your second amendment no there's
the last version that i saw uh you you could go to a panel of doctors to actually go uh to
appeal it a bloomberg panel no not a bloomberg panel but uh but again uh remember but see that's
not adjudicated i want a court to rule someone is insane i think that that's what it is that
exactly what it is uh is the last version i saw where you have to be legally adjudicated as being
mentally and and at some point if you get better that you can actually go back and have your rights
restored so i'm not afraid of it i i what about the dad whose son says i'm going to shoot people
with a water gun so they take all his guns did you see that i don't know anything about that i
don't think that she's one of the water gun is the end of the world i'm not worried about that
well i know but see it's the nanny state weirdos that run everything you can't every life's about
moderation everything in moderation everything in moderation is good things to the extremes on either
and anything is not good well let me ask you this when are we going to go shoot the 50 cows uh let
me you know let me know and uh anytime i know i know you're i mean i know that the justice
department may not like that you know what i'm not worried about being sarcastic listen what
about a bit of your pr lady does not seem excited about it here's what's funny is that you and i
actually i i i like you i think you're a great american uh but you're gonna get beat up because
you're too nice to me and i'm gonna get beat up from some people for being too nice to you but
hey that's life i i happen to like you and i enjoy you well i think you're a nice guy too i just hope
you're not like deep cover new world order sleeper cell never you sure you're not working for fidel
he i hope that son of a gun is dead it's a joke it's a joke he's dead he's he's a guy at weekend
at bernie's i think he is dead they just roll them out and they just do this and send them back chief
thanks for coming in with us keep up the work introducing pro one all of your filtration in
one system portable on the go no more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride
you have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95 percent of hydrofluorosolic
acid advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua
medic's advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element
it is the only one that does it and out of the gates we have it discounted at 10 off with promo
code water this is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides herbicides
chloramines ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate get your pro pure with the
new pro one filters today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139 it's time for a home
security quiz what effective home security device is smaller than a coffee cup fakes out burglars
into thinking someone is home at your house while you're away plugs into any wall outlet is
recommended by many police departments and sells for less than 30 dollars yes it's fake tv this
year about one in every 50 us homes will have a break-in with burglars usually picking the easy
target a dark house that looks like no one is home fake tv is a small electronic security device
that makes it look like someone is home watching tv by simulating the light from a real tv fake tv
could be the difference between coming home to a secure house or one that's been ransacked to get
your fake tv for only 29.95 with free shipping go to fake tv.com or call 1-877-5FAKETV that's
eight seven seven five three two five three eight eight or go to fake tv.com fake tv the burglar
deterrent are you still a traditional smoker now experience a new lifestyle and try vaping with
e-cigarettes by lisig imagine no ashes stains nasty smeller coughing and hacking with lisig
e-cigarettes revolutionary micro electronic technology rechargeable battery and unique
replaceable cartridge you'll get all the benefits and satisfaction of smoking without the hazards
choose your taste from a wide variety of our new american-made vapor at e-liquids at lisig.com
and lisig smokes the competition by serving thousands of worldwide customers with real
people customer service fast free same day shipping and a 30-day warranty and satisfaction
guarantee so are you ready for a new vaping lifestyle then call 8 7 0 5 1 8 4 3 0 7 that's
8 7 0 5 1 8 4 3 0 7 or visit lisig.com spelled l-e-c-i-g.com lisig e-cigarettes for today's
modern smoker he's the t-rex of political talk alex jones on the gcn radio network
hard to believe it's already the 20th anniversary of waco it's been more than 20 years since the
feds cooked the bomb trained the driver and carried out the attack on the world trade center
with their two idiot patsy source on that new york time cbs news in fact guys i didn't play
that days ago i had the guys re-put the cbs newscast from there and we got a bunch of clips
i haven't played we're in overdrive right now i apologize everybody had to hold and i'm glad the
police chief came in but he was scheduled like a week ago and that guy is so unbelievably charming
and and quite frankly manipulative it's hard to even be mean to him kind of seen behind the
scenes that that guy will probably end up being the dictator of the country or something no i'm
joking uh anyways we're gonna talk about shooting and we're going to turn him over to the republic
side we'll have art uh a cevito up wearing a tri-cornered hat before we're done with him
uh okay uh let's go ahead and uh talk to michael in illinois air force let's talk about boston
and drill in chicago thanks for holding sir you're on the air a prior military air force
um i completely agree with your assessment of uh what transpired in boston it was definitely
a drill and with these types of operations i mean you clearly have any number of uh players that
you know in the mix so for instance with the craft uh international you know who knows who
those guys are you know anyone could put on a uniform uh you know with the mercenary flag
um you do have the guys with the geiger counters uh so they could have been unaware but the the
question that continues to pop up with me was they had the guys according you know if we look
at your photos they're looking right at them they're there the entire time how were they able
to get away no that's why there's a cover-up and they were going to go with the redneck
the leftist media couldn't help it and said yes it's a lone redneck we've got you and then we
release the photos and they go oh no now we're not and then they went with the arab angle which
knowing them that's how they run operations just because that's what they do over and over again
they had all these multiple avenues with other groups of patsies there but i mean who knows if
that's even true they've got boston locked down to hunt down and get rid of the patsies that's
what i believe is the most probable scenario unfolding from the pathological behavior i've
seen from these people before what do you think oh i think you're spot on and i was just uh
listening to an interview with uh sybil edmunds the other other day and she was you know talking
about gladio version two and this completely fits that scenario i mean she even talked about
the you know the chechen uh guys and the russian connection and all that good stuff she talked
about this before it even came out wow let's get c bale edmunds back on asap folks i think it's
like frog something boiling frogs is her website but yeah she was an fbi translator who heard the
government running al-qaeda on 9 11. if gladio has been declassified by the italians partially
by the germans and partially by the us over 200 bombings carried out across western europe
uh blowing up school buses trains you name it to blame political enemies anytime people got uppity
then why wouldn't nato do it now that's my question who stands to gain from this
am i still on yes sir oh okay um so the next piece i wanted to toss out there in light of
gladio in light of the unfolding events in boston is information i picked up yesterday
yesterday so here in chicago cebel refers to chicago many many times as a major hub of
operations for gladio version two and uh yesterday uh there was a dhs uh seminar if you will at one
of the large uh towers in chicago and it was called violence in the workplace and uh when
the folks went to it they were surprised that it was really in reference to terrorism in the
workplace and the possibility of an event occurring in chicago and the officials went
on to state that there is a command post in this particular tower and there will be a significant
drill in may like on a sunday so everyone's ears are like you know completely up on this
and just want to stay away from all drills and again usually there's not an event but they
practice also lying to the public i've been to a drill in temple texas that's in my film road to
tyranny and they we knew about it beforehand and the army bomb squad comes over and goes get out
of here we go no we're not going to they had marines there and the police were there and
threatened us and they go on the news and say temple was hit by terrorists and then the next
day it's in the paper that temple was hit by terrorists but in the last line they admit it
was just a drill to like psyop people i mean this is this is beyond bizarre and and again it's all
about creating this perception of something that doesn't really exist uh and and that's
what these active shooter drills are in schools all of it and look if they'll drone a whole
village you know to get quote one bad guy on the cop of stuff they do they'll do anything uh thank
you very much michael thanks for holding let's talk to kevin in boston kevin you're on the air
welcome hi uh alex thanks for taking my call thank you buddy it's uh like marshall are over here we
got um you know downtown area and uh cambridge which is uh very close to boston and a lot of
town it's all on lockdown um the streets look like a ghost town um the reason i'm calling uh
is i was up all night listening to the police scanner and watching the um the news and seeing
how how things were unfolding over at um mit uh it was a uh police officer shot and um the police
scanner said that the individuals um got into a um black mercedes and we're driving towards water
town which is i believe north west of cambridge and um yeah where did college students get all
this money go ahead yeah and the gun um the the the thing that concerns me is what i picked up
on the police scanner was the police saying that um there are shots being fired from a stolen
state police suv and the reports of the automatic automatic gunfire or semi-automatic gunfire
didn't didn't happen until they reported that you know these individuals were in the stolen state
police suv and the explosions that they say were going on is i mean i'm just speculating here but
if this was a black suv that was a state police suv it might have been a special forces and they
might have had an automatic weapon a semi-automatic weapon in there and they also might have had
grenades in there i mean i'm speculating that no sure but they're saying they said the mercedes they
said the suv uh that much i know we should look into it being look up state police suv stolen
and yeah i was hearing grenades i mean you don't grenades are incredibly hard to get uh i mean
those are super well guarded and yeah they were describing hand grenades being thrown like a james
bond movie look it's all speculation at this point but they may be mopping up special forces
they were planning to burn you have no i mean that's probably is a hunter-killer operation
uh you know they tell the cops that's the terrorist to get them and there were reports
they got a naked guy and then shot him i mean they're just god only knows what they're really
doing in the city right now and it's despicable and it shows how we're becoming a third world
country because when there's no rule of law a bunch of strongmen just take over it's good to
hear from me glad you're doing okay there in boston now let's talk to mel also listening
to massachusetts where are you uh in mass sir how you doing i'm about 40 miles away but my uh
daughter she's in watertown and she said there's police everywhere on lockdown and the nbt is
closed but notice lockdown now we have prison planet terms we're now in lockdown we're now
prisoners go ahead put it because she didn't know you know what martial law was no but it is that's
what martial law is is lockdown it's normal civil law is suspended and it's ruled by military force
this is martial law period i got a couple uh talking points if you don't mind sir go ahead
all right uh i got an answer to one of your questions i've been hearing you ask a couple
times today you're asking why are they going after the uh returning vets well my theory is
because uh they trained them so they know what they're capable of and in the future uh it's to
keep the other you know uh soldiers in subordinate pretty much and another thing with the department
of homeland security i mean they've had 12 years since 9 11 i mean how many people have they caught
other than you know jock straps and underwear and you know groping everybody you know i mean 12 years
and they didn't get it right this time nobody you know all these bomb sniffing dogs and and uh
thousands of people and nobody saw anybody uh you know leave a backpack i just oh yeah i mean the
place is crawling crawling with special ops and police right where the bomb goes off and then
they don't want to talk about that like we had people on the spot trying to stop it we failed
that makes some heroes no they don't want to discuss because there was a drill and why do you
run a drill to stop the regular police from going up and talking to the suspicious ne'er-do-wells
because normally you would go question those people at the finish line looking incredibly
shifty that's why you do a drill so you can get the bombs in place they've done it in madrid
and in london and in molly and in dubai and they do it over and over and over again i am so
sick of it and then the media comes out they have the la times here sir
saying that i am a giant fat rat with a huge uh and then i say flying monkeys were there
that's a quote with navy seals thinking their their their readers are dumb this alex jones
guy says there were flying monkeys and navy seals what a loon there it is alex jones says navy seals
were there backed up by flying monkeys and then i'm a rat coming out of a sir and then a whole
article saying i'm completely insane and and that there are no navy seals okay so so there you go
folks and they're blocking these photos everywhere because they want to destroy my name and say i'm
a liar when all i'm doing and it's too late because it's already in newspapers now about who
are the private security people good to hear from you sir we're going to skip this network break as
we're already in overdrive here let's go to steve in washington thanks for holding your on the air
steve uh yeah like how you doing today that's a crazy world man crazy life it is a long time
listening to first time caller in fact i've listened to you for so long i feel like i almost
know you uh i'm ex-military spent five years with the 82nd i've been awake for a long long time
i come from a grandfather who was actually uh pretty high up in the masons and he woke me up a
long time ago but just to comment on this whole uh boston bombing you know i think honestly one
thing uh it was important to look at this at this through all this is uh with their whole changing
of the script obviously we know they were probably going to come after the veterans the constitutionalist
to lock us down even further and i think one reason uh they've flipped the script so hard is
to directly but indirectly try and discredit you and your amazing team and everything you've done
by exposing these photos the questions dan was asking you know at the press conferences
absolutely fabulous job so kudos to you and your team thank you god bless you for everything you
do thank you yeah guys let's get dan badandi on the roll i want to get him on now i want to get
him on after we take some more calls to try to go ahead and get him lined up dan badandi i mean it
takes a lot of courage to march in there with the fbi atf all these globalists knowing who they are
and then just take over their press conference with real questions you know to michael savage's
credit i didn't hear paul watson listens to it when he's doing updates at night i listen sometimes
i listen sometimes usually don't have time uh he's a writer who listens to savage over the internet
when he's in england uh and uh he said savage was going of course you want to ask who these
navy seals are you want to ask who all this security is right by the bomb i mean of course
this should be brought up of course there's witnesses with a drill i mean that is a normal
thing and now uh they are all over the news today just saying i am despicable i am the scum of the
earth i've never seen them on my website saying we're coming for you we're going to put our boots
on your neck we're going to kill you look i already know you killed that little eight-year-old kid i
mean i know you can come kill me i mean yeah i i hate to take it away from you guys out there
uh but i mean i know the danger i'm in so you don't scare me i mean i hope you get that through
your head i mean somebody's got to stand up to you and and and look you're not going to shut me
down by making me a rat on the cover of the la times you're not going to shut me down by killing
me the info goes forward because ideas are bulletproof and i want you to get that through
your little brain uh anything else steve well no you know i someone has a master's degree in
communication studies you know i i watch these news events and i see the government group squads
right now in boston going through the neighborhoods you know completely geared up
these are the real terrorists i mean they're inflicting just as much terror on that city
right now as the actual bombs that went off you know back on monday and no no it's it's traumatic
it mind control it's planting their flag on everybody and urinating all over them and the
average cop doesn't even know that but i mean it's just pure mob psychology get everybody used
to troops going in and out of houses and saying you're on lockdown this is martial law and now i
think to the calls tuesday and wednesday of military who sounded credible to me going we're
getting ready we're being told to get ready to start rolling it out friday and of course they
tell them that to see if they'll do it it's also to gauge but you know i had call after call for
military current active duty saying we're getting told ready to roll out on friday
go ahead you know i i spent five years with the 82nd airborne from 94 to 99 and even back then
they were i could tell they were testing the waters with us to see how far we would go and
and do things you know as far as you know violating posse comitatus and um doing things
against the american citizenry you know it's absolutely ridiculous what they've done to our
military uh what they're doing to our republic uh the constitutional republic and every time i hear
the any of our politicians get up there and talk about the democracy we live in i just want to puke
and and i mean here's the deal i've read a lot of criminology i'm sorry go ahead well let's just say
this isn't a democracy this is a constitutional republic you're right it is you know obviously
you know when you hear the words democracy come out of their mouths they have absolutely no idea
on the original founding of this well they mean democracy if 51 says take our guns we do if 51
say get rid of the borders we do if 51 say we have no rights we have no rights you can't take
my rights you can't vote my rights away it's that simple god bless you sir and you know here's the
problem the collectivist have they may have a large portion of people sheep-like scared cowardly
dumbed down but there's a large portion of us that aren't and we know what's going on
and look i've i've studied a lot of history i've said a lot of manhunts a lot of things like that
if you really wanted this you would set up checkpoints only at key areas you thought
the person was in there's no point in checkpoints citywide and bring everything to a stop it's
ridiculous the guy'll just stay in one spot you can't search a city of 700 000 people or whatever
it is uh it's asinine and what you do is you put undercover people out everywhere and you'd ask the
public for help you wouldn't have just big groups of men marching around behind armored vehicles
bulging their eyeballs out i mean it is just pure these are the jail guards you're on lockdown and
they're parading around in their riot here inside the prison this is pure prison psychology prison
planet let's go to christian utah uh go ahead you're on the air what's your point all right
alex thank you good morning or good afternoon actually listen i've got two things i'd like to
bring up one of them is no mention of the other three explosive devices that were supposedly found
almost within four or five hours after the devices were exploded or the jfk library now this whole
thing's a giant cover-up of what really happened sure um no but see in one of those uh uh devices
i mean they named a location now i don't know the suburbs around boston um but you know i think
that is implies in and of itself uh that there were other actors that were involved in all of
this um the other thing i'd like to share um with a 43 year uh career uh both clinically and as an
executive working in hospitals involves the decedent's body uh this morning as he was laying
in the street um i listened to a physician now i don't know if it was the coroner or
a trauma physician at one local hospital but he described that uh he had gunshot wounds blast
wounds and had been apparently run over by the auto of the younger brother yet when you look at
the uh the remains of the body he's laying in a perfectly prone position as a place to place you
in but look at the film of his hands his fingers are totally hyper extended when when your body
um expires your hands going through what they call a position of function yeah rigor mortis
well no well but see it takes a while for that to set in what i'm saying is the position of function
is like you're holding a coke can but in a very limp way and your hands would never be hyper
extended unless rigor had started to set in so that is just simply an observation the other thing
is sure there's no way he's dead with his hands hyper extended he's obviously alive saying i've
seen the photo you're talking about now they said that maybe somebody else go ahead no i if he'd
been if he'd been shot uh several times had blast injuries as this position was uh describing and
been hit by an auto uh he would be totally unconscious the other thing is that when you
expire your eyes are always open and i'll tell you that that's experience from being a vietnam
here a navy corpsman that served with marine corps uh one of the first emts in the country later a
nurse critical care background i will tell you uh that when people expire uh their eyelids are open
and their hands are limp sure everybody knows that i mean i'm not a medical person i know that sure
sure sure but i mean it's just an observation because this uh individual the older brother
was supposedly already expired sir nothing about this is true they've been lying the whole time
that's my point they're known liars now involved in a in a flaunting of martial law power all part
of the takeover because they're getting ready to implode the economy and they've got to have us
prepared and ready for martial law and and obama executive orders for gun confiscations this is a
lunatic takeover and they want us to have cops everywhere see this and get it normalized and
the public to get normalized great points chris let's go to dan badandi who everyone is just
marveling at taking over just with info real questions uh the media tries to call him a heckler
no i mean why are there the drill why'd you lie about the drill who are all these troops
dan a great job uh what do you want to say about what you've witnessed today and
what's happening now in massachusetts to the area that you're from
so far it's been a long day still going to go to west springfield to the gun line
i went to lexington for us the police wrapped up all the area and they told everybody if you
step on that line you'll be arrested now we were there with the oath keepers nobody wants to go do
that no i mean i mean sure while the rest there's martial law in the state oath keepers can't be on
the green yeah it's because they can't have real americans on the green now now give me your take
give me your take on taking over the press conferences um it was uh i don't think it's
just a victory uh for influence here and uh victory for freedom and truth because
no one they cannot deny uh this uh evidence i mean we you know like you said though uh
influence got here 100 hits a minute and uh people are down questioning look i talk to people here
that recognize me and i got mixed feelings uh i had some press saying oh you really suppose
this is a conspiracy because i'm on cambridge street where they detonated the bombs a little
while ago and um people just questioned a couple guys said yeah i think the fbi is uh you know
behind this spot i don't want to go on camera saying that everybody's afraid of the mighty
fbi you know and uh oh really you ran into people that thought it was the government
yeah and they didn't come on camera and uh one uh one media guy said he does agree with us but
you said you can't come on camera because hey let me ask you this what about when i heard you
bullhorning cnn you took that over too oh yeah i was charged up when i left there and you can
hear me last night i was charged up and i told my guys you know what not to put one on the trunk
we're going down to the corner and uh they were having this uh all the press were doing their
shows and whatnot i was born and i pulled one the hell out of them i could see them reading off the
teleprompters um you know it was crazy you could see it from that view these reporters these pretty
faces reading off the teleprompters like good old sheep you know and uh and we the police bombarded
us okay what they did hold on we've got dan badandi also known as the kraken release the kraken
your secret nickname is now public we'll come right back to you and more callers the kraken is
our guest release the kraken we're on the march the empire's on the run alex jones and the gcn
radio network
start life over spend more quality time with your family take more vacations own your own business
business be healthy and earn the kind of income you've always dreamed of is it possible yes with
young jeopardy to learn more go to infowarsteam.com that's infowarsteam.com then pre-register for the
spring young jeopardy convention may 2nd through 4th in las vegas nevada and guess who will be
there hi i'm dr joel wallach the dead doctors don't lie guy and i prescribe the healthy body
challenge and i'll be there hi this is pharmacist ben fuchs and i'm taking the healthy body challenge
and i will be there hi i'm dr peter glidden i'm doing the healthy body challenge and i'll see you
at the young jeopardy conference in may take the healthy body challenge and don't miss the young
jeopardy convention in las vegas nevada may 2nd through 4th for more information go to infowars
team.com infowarsteam.com that's infowarsteam.com
since disaster can strike at any time you always need to be prepared and not just with an insurance
policy superstorm sandy left thousands of people starving and stranded for weeks you need to be
prepared with an emergency supply of food now through april 30th save up to 25% on freeze-dried
food during the freeze-dry guy mix and match number 10 can sale freeze-dried food packed in
heavy duty doubly nambled number 10 cans with over 99% of the oxygen removed from the food
incident of the oxygen removed it has the longest shelf life of any food available over 25 years
choose from entrees meats vegetables fruits and desserts all made in the usa just add hot water
wait 10 minutes and serve and it tastes absolutely delicious free shipping to 48 states now through
april 30th save up to 25 visit freeze dry guy.com freeze dry guy.com or call 866-404-3663
act today don't miss out is this the year you finally get serious about your family's drinking
water if so keep listening for a special offer from big berkey water filters did you know that
over 60% of municipal water is fluoridated berkey water filters distinguish themselves from many
other filtration systems with the capability to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine fluoride
arsenic and disinfection byproducts from municipal water via the black berkey and pf line of filters
then there's affordability at only 1.7 cents per gallon berkey water filters purified treated
and untreated water even stagnant pond water stop and think how much money you could save by simply
reducing buying bottled water and using water filtered by your berkey water filter no need to
be constantly replacing expensive filters with a berkey a single set of filters can last for
five to ten years choose the best size berkey for your needs at big berkey water filters.com
and right now all gcn listeners get five percent off all ceramic filter systems just call 1-877-99
berkey that's 877-99-B-E-R-K-E-Y or visit big berkey water filters.com free shipping on every
order over fifty dollars big berkey water filters for the love of clean water
don't call my name out your window when i'm leaving i won't even turn my head
don't send your kin folks around don't send your kin folks to give me no talking to i'll be gone
i'll be gone like i said monday through friday 11 a.m to 2 p.m we're in overdrive right now we're
here live
and then we'll be back tonight seven o'clock central i'm gonna have jakari jackson and david
knight coming here with a bunch of other reporting because i tend to get burnout
then don't cover everything they'll come in here all fresh in about 30 minutes
and continue to take your calls and cover news for a couple hours we have audio and video
streams at info wars.com forward slash listen and we do appreciate all your support out there
we're just trying to fight the globalists just like you are and trying to build a platform to
stand up against the new world order all the things they're doing it's really that simple
but going back to dan madani then i'll get all these other callers dan
what do you make tell us more of what was happening but but try to speak a little bit
lower because it's over you're over driving your cell phone uh tell us tell us what else you
witnessed you're out there bullhorning did the police try to violate your first amendment
uh what happened they came over to us so you can't be in the street then we get on the sidewalk then
he said you need to commit them to be on the sidewalk i'm like excuse me you said the rest
of the press was here i'm with the press too and every excuse in the world so what they did i had
two shadow camera guys with me they you know they did that you know familiar police tactic
they got in the middle of us to try to separate us because they were about to arrest us they were
eyeing to arrest us and um i got close to my camera guy again and they're trying to hold us apart and
i told them the only thing that saved my thought is i told them we're on the live transmission
feed right now they backed off quick they said we have to go down the other end of the street
they were ready to arrest us well they were to arrest you it'd be a major incident because they
don't want the you know attention to get out about what we're covering now now you told me you had
people come over and try to stop you at the press conference too bringing up a pertinent question
who are all these private security right around where the bomb went off why do you say there
wasn't a drill uh tell us what happened behind the scenes all right um basically i sat down my
buddy got there a little bit late but he gave me photographs yeah i could tell who was the guy next
to me behind me i mean he was uh fed you know disguised as a reporter he's listening he's
peeking over my shoulder every day every time i made a text message well anyway i got handed
photographs he jumps up he throws some guy in the back and i guess i heard in the hallway where you
know they came out um they got photographs so a woman comes out and she gets on the podium says
the conference is going to be doing about five minutes of getting things together
so when they come out what was the first thing they said ignore all photographs except for what
you see on the fba everything else in the world because you have to pay attention to us we have
gods you will pay attention to what we have to say that's right you had printouts of you had
printouts of the people of interest trying to show them and they said you only come to us
we are the only credible people in the world look at nothing else i mean how ridiculous and when
they did that everybody went to info wars.com instead it's like whatever you do don't look
under my bed just look anywhere you want don't look there uh yeah the guy behind me too when i
get up to the photographs he jumped up and put his clipboard in my way so i couldn't show this
photos to them which i did anyway to the media he was trying everything that's power to stop
those phones being shown to the media that's right and the photos were one of the navy seals
yep the photos of the navy seals and um you know the first patchy they were going to blame on to
demonize the tea party the guy was a big you know typical tea party looking person and uh you know
and i we're explaining all this and once we said info was dot com well first of all when the press
conferences over i got bum rushed by the fbi and that's where my face i told them listen i'm not
afraid of people and they said we're not afraid of you i said well you better be afraid of truth
and liberty because it's coming your way new criminals are going to jail for killing innocent
people and they backed off and um and the media come over to me i had an entourage of media and i
we showed the photos we're saying go to influence.com for more information and we're
basically explain what the photos are and this is why the fbi stated do not go anywhere else photos
but there and that made them look bad i mean we are i see nautical and whatnot in london and
oh boy they're not used to that they're not used to that when you say hey i think you're involved
in a false flag i mean they don't i mean they're so everybody's being so scared and and it's not
that we're stupid i mean we know the price we can pay i i know you know as a father but in the final
equation dan why are you doing what you're doing um because i have a responsibility that uh you
know that parchment paper that's written by a father father says those who have the ability
have responsibility and duty to um you know to do what we're doing and you got that i got that and
everybody else influences got that and that's what we're doing we know we're risking our lives right
now i know i mean i was nervous driving home and i dropped my buddies off i was driving down the
highway a black hallway not knowing what the heck was gonna hit me you know i mean and uh i was gonna
be running off the road i come here i'm at uh cambridge street now when i got out of the car
i had almost every fed the fbi just staring staring at me like i was seeing himself and i had a
provocateur with a camera in my face like most of the time you know yelling themselves about you
and then for wars and trying to provoke a fight with me and you know he's causing a big uh you
know frenzy over there i mean i mean i mean he's caused a big uh scene over there yeah well
undoubtedly there'll probably be repercussions against all of us for this but you know there'll
be repercussions by god against people that do things to us because because like we're sick of
the government letting terrorists attack us putting the underwear bomber on the plane that's on record
we broke that that was confirmed provoca this is clearly provocateur dan badandi in full wars
dot com reporter let me ask you my friend what do you immersed in all this being in boston
in closing and then anything else you want to add we're going back to calls what do you think
is really going on there in boston the story's changing and the shawty ambassadors and now the
chechen cia cutouts i mean what do you think's going on they're doing door to door they're
saying every house in boston and folks it's a major city it is going to be searched
the problems are there made i interviewed a couple of the neighbors that went down the street
they said the fdi knocked at the door they were told evacuate the house who wasn't doing the
reason why they've been out here for seven o'clock this tomorrow with no information
they can't go back to their homes they're on video and um i didn't miss the ball that's going
on you know between here boston and mexican i'm telling you right now the new world order is
laying the hammers out and what we're doing now is god willing you know god bless from god's hand
they're exposing us and holding this new world order back because they are laying the hammers
out and i'm in the midst of this evil right now and i you know the other thing is keeping me
sane and safe because god says if i am with you who could be against you and that's the only
security that i have and i trust and uh you know because i'm in the midst of me like i
scared down by fba agents all day and uh provocateurs and i mean it's nuts they're out
to attack us then because we see we talk the truth and i had mainstream media reporters
on the sidelines there oh i guess there's a conspiracy too you know seeing uh cocky
remarks like that and we're getting hit every each direction all right anything else you'd
like to add my friend um yeah people let's get those pictures man info ones.com and i
would get the pictures on the website and that's why hundreds of thousands of people
have gone to this website and uh everybody folks we're not mainstream media we need your
help to get these reports done across a lot of money and it's from you people out there
the grassroots so find our dvds our videos great stuff from alex the prison players subscription
it helps us out because we don't get corporate sponsorship from like cnn does but thank you
alex and i'll talk to you soon all right great job dan just just superlative job and be sure
and send us all your receipts and everything too and you deserve to stay in a nice hotel
tonight so be sure and take care of yourself all right uh yeah great job folks pray for
dan vidandi i tell you it um i've done stuff like he's doing now but i've never done anything
that big myself i mean i've i've crashed some big press conferences and exposed janet reno
from her at waco and i've confronted presidents have been arrested and i've been you know
i mean i i've done some but nothing where it's it's a press conference that's you know
on every tv in north america and most of the ones in europe i mean listen 100 000 visitors
a minute for hours uh to info wars.com 100 000 visitors a minute and yeah i haven't even
looked at the graphs i looked at it yesterday i was like what i mean it was just like it
was real traffic too all because he got info wars.com out during that press conference
uh and uh this is a duty i want people to understand you know i get up here and we joke
around and have some fun and stuff and this is just beyond anything i mean i this is getting
so over the top i don't even know what to say anymore but i think it's important just to know
that we are at a position now that is just unprecedented in the history of the new media
revolution and a lot of it uh goes to you the listeners to the good lord above to our sponsors
our supporters my doggedness my crews doggedness drudgereport.com uh link it to our stories
no mainstream media picked up the navy seal photos and stuff drudge did it wednesday
and then washington times now did a thing on it and washington post had a small mention
uh but but but at the same time you've got la times showing me as a rat and then saying he
used navy seals obama did backed up by flying monkeys from ozz with a serious article and they
say that i'm you know basically said the navy seals did it uh in the article i didn't say that
i mean there might have been an operative from some other group in with them but i i don't think
that's probably the case see that they misrepresent they prey on their audience they prey on their
readers and it must feel good to just be cowards and just work with whatever you're told and just
read off a teleprompter and they told the media don't cover this for two days now we're two days
plus into this since this news broke and they none of them have covered it but the washington
times had a good report people bash the washington times all day long but that's you know and of
course its founder was a little strange and stuff but the point is it's a truly independent
publication in my view compared to other stuff out there i mean so many times they cover west
point comes out and army college comes out and says we're training to take on the tea party
you know that that's an official thing washington times covers it forbes covers it forbes does some
good work but they wouldn't get any traffic if it wasn't for drudgereport.com
uh you know we've got our own traffic from radio listeners and people but you know when drudge
links to us it doubles or triples our traffic i mean i just i mean i'm just telling you who's
out there because let me tell you it's pretty lonely um i wish there were more people
i wish there were more people you know out there i mean man glenn beck came out against the army
that the active duty was walking with his rifle and of course he was walking with his rifle
because it happened to his buddy and it was an active sergeant and they took his guns in that
same area fort hoods right there and so you know and they're like oh he did it to make a point
uh you know so now he's a bad guy i mean it's like man that's what that's what loyal opposition is
and i'm not even getting it's just it's creepy that on the libertarian flank we've got the enemy
coming down on us we know who they are and then there's just constantly this bayonet being stabbed
in our stomach i'm sick of it man i'm tired of it we need to like circle the wagons against the
wagons against the globalists big time here and you know bill o'reilly's another one who did pieces
on jfk and e howard hunt like 25 years ago when he was on extra or was it hard copy and this is
kind of bad audio to somebody shot it off their television screen but bill o'reilly came out and
attacked alex jones for family guy and dan badandi for asking a question and and they only cover us
when they could say we're lying and all we did was watson did a blurb about a clip he went and
checked the original family guy you know saying it was two clips from the same episode showing
how he runs over people at the boston marathon and they say how'd you do it how'd you win and
he shows him detonating two bombs he then goes on to blow up the golden gate bridge too and it's
called uh a turban cowboy a tea partier that joins al-qaeda that's the whole thing and they came out
on the cnn fox there and said we're just liars that it never happened i mean that's how dumb
they think you are and of course that was just a minor blurb we put out so they chose to focus
on that uh and then censored and blocked our videos online so you couldn't see what we really
said you know they take down what we really said they're blocking the navy seal stuff and all the
other and the other suspects uh on facebook that article's up at info wars dot com they do not
want this information getting out there so here is the bill o'reilly clip
in back of the book segment tonight did you see that we begin with a march 17th
episode of the family guy i'm bob costas here with boston marathon winner peter griffin
peter how did you do it the influence busted maybe i dialed wrong
no now that didn't actually happen on television that was doctored by some online pinheads they
distorted that clip from the family guy who is now pulling everything off the net here to explain
further julia huddy i think i mean you know you know the way people are people are crazy that
that was so just i mean it's so ironic that that aired march 17th how could somebody do that two
separate storylines in one shot hit pause and back it up because there are sick people hit pause back
it up 10 seconds so first they say it didn't happen then she says it aired march 19th they
show him running over people to get to the front of the boston marathon and winning with piles of
dead bodies and blood everywhere and then they go how do you do it and he detonates a bomb
blowing stuff up and then he also blows up other stuff so our point is it's about terror attacks
with cars and bombs and and then they sit there and say we're a liar and then say it never happened
here let's back it up and yeah play it from there here it is go ahead and play it that's good guys
whenever you're ready okay that's here enough but then they go in these internet geeks and they and
they twisted it around that's not what people saw on tv no no no they took two separate storylines
in the same show they spliced it together and yeah and it and it does look very convincing
now he is wearing you can see there how do you do that how can you do that i i you just what you
like technically i guess you i don't know i'm not good at that i'm not so they they just they took
it they and then they put it up again and you can do anything online you can take anything and
splice it down you should you know that i mean you just it's easy to do that it's just that it
was a person would do that you know i mean what kind of a person would blow up the boston marathon
killing us right there back it up 10 seconds what kind of person would blow up the boston marathon
that's why she's got that job as a new world order propagandist there she's saying basically
we blew up the boston marathon you know the people that would do that and and they get to
us in a moment we would blow up the boston marathon no no it's you that reads off the
teleprompter it's you that knows about all this and then gets up there and does this
as if you're the only ones that can be listened to let's go back to this clip
and splice it down you should you know that i mean you just it's easy to do that it's just
that it was kind of a person would do that you know i mean what kind of a person would blow up
the boston marathon and kill innocent people yeah i know but we know but that's a different
situation um trying to you know capitalize in this way uh it just all right i think we live in
a very disturbing of an opportunity for some sickos out there all right now you think that's
disturbing look at this governor deval patrick uh commonwealth of massachusetts having a press
conference i'm gonna tell you is this another false flag state attack to take our civil liberties
are sticking their hands on the streets no next question dan good job getting your question into
the governors and others no doubt you shut down their press conferences what can you tell us about
behind the scenes dan modonti um susa asked a question and you know asked again and they
wouldn't answer the question and i got the look of death from every federal agency that was there
the um the government officials everything and i knew where to add grab my camera quick you know
since the press conference is over because uh the woman gets right on the stage obviously in the
press conference and everybody gives me the look of death so i grab my equipment and generate out
of there all right now that's not a joke um that's a real talk show host and this idiot in a car
and that they're saying is it's an inside job the u.s government bombed the people in boston
the talk show host is alex jones he's a he's a conspiracy theorist he's kind of like the guru the
you know the king of the conspiracy theorists and he's been on the air since day one saying this is
a job of the fbi it's a false flag job you heard the reporter question as whether it was false flag
job meaning you know if it's just you know they're twisting it around to make it look like it's
something else another entity but really is the government it's so sick and this guy's an idiot
and you know the people at the press conference totally ignored it throw them out i think that
this uh internet stuff with this access now that people have has made more crazy people because
people who are borderline crazy now go in there and become we don't buy your crap anymore the
opinion heard and this guy's on 60 60 stations and 150 plus followers got a big website he's
considered legit among the crazy yeah you hate it don't you everybody thank you factor tip of the
day what americans watched on television immediately all right there you go i mean that is the type of
crud that is the type of crud uh and and if you want to see the video a little bit better quality
it's up on info wars.com uh in the article uh dealing with that i mean you know you've got all
these patsies there they're saying right wingers are about to blow stuff up we're gonna get your
guns you're about to blow stuff up and i'm like no we're not you see it all built up you see the
patsies we release the photos they release the same photos the next day credibility does anybody
say we broke that no there's navy seals and others crawling all over this right around where the bomb
goes off looking right where the bomb is it's so obvious now they've got a city shut down in
martial law in other cities door to door locked down this country is in a battle for its heart
and soul and we send a reporter to a meeting to go hey you were running a drill the witnesses say
this there's what looks like navy seals there what do you have to say and their answer is we
need to throw you out of the press conference because you're supposed to sit there and fold
your hands in your lap and the fbi spokesman says you only look at our photos we give you is that
understood look at nothing else only believe us i mean that's like jim jones crap that's like
cult stuff you know i'm listen i'm not the government cult i'm done believing whatever
you say it doesn't mean i just don't you know then believe nothing and go make stuff up i go research
i go research and i've been saying get ready get ready and they were going to blame the right wing
and now they've switched off into muslims but watch they could say muslims connected to gun
owners or something i mean because they've been trying that behind the scenes they are coming
after our liberties period the globalists have committed incredible amounts of crimes
and they know they're going to end up going to jail if they don't fully take over okay so anybody
who doesn't know we're in trouble and you've heard i don't screen your calls cops military
citizens we're on amn fms all over this country internet satellite xm you name it everyone except
one guy has called in and said inside job one guy so look you've lost okay i mean you are
bill o'reilly has three million viewers a night oh my gosh and he you know gets 10 million dollars
a year or whatever it is bill this show has three million listeners a day you egomaniac
yesterday we haven't looked at the graph shed it was a hundred thousand new people
piled on top of others that were on the site every minute
every minute and again i'm only telling you that because you're little egomaniacs
talk to your geriatric audience nothing against old people but talk to your you know scared
mainline elderly audience a lot of elderly folks are actually awake but they but talk to the people
i mean you look at the ads on fox it's diaper ads man and you know you're sitting there telling
people you know we're 85 years old god bless him about how evil alex jones is trying to scare old
ladies and it's just fine i mean sit there and act like a handsome young man to the old ladies man
we're going to talk to the young people we're gonna talk to the military we're gonna talk to
the police we're gonna talk to people that actually are competent and know what they're
competent and know what's going on and we're not going to let you take over you got that jackass
so sit there and say i'm full of crap all you want okay
i mean you are a piece of work you know i dare you o'reilly to have me in studio with you because
i've seen you get like this with your other other guests and stuff i challenge you bill o'reilly to
a boxing match heard your dad used to beat the hell out of you pretty good so i bet you're a
tough guy doesn't matter man the more you beat me the meaner i get i challenge you you cowardly
punk to a boxing match how's that sound there you go it's kind of a joke folks i'm not really serious
he beat me up probably anyways the whole point is hatred of america would come through
anyways what we need is the o'reilly sex tape but i guess all that got classified
that's when o'reilly really got bad became like this liberal socialist globulative scum uh let's
go ahead you know with him and his sex tapes perverting around with the women at the office
let's go to rod in oregon you're on the air welcome rod thanks for holding oh thank you
thank you alex hey um one thing i want to say that you would be on a shadow of a doubt or a
raving lunatic and let me explain why this is a this is a quote that was put out by
death and games and he says the truth's initial commotion is directly proportional
to how deeply the lie was believed and when a well-packed web of lies has been sold gradually
to the masses over generations the truth is totally utterly preposterous and its speaker
is a raving lunatic so that's why i say you're a raving lunatic thankful for you because you've
probably been the spearhead of this whole country basically on the information that you've been able
to gather and stuff so it doesn't by the way i don't i don't like to actually have to admit
that we are the tip of the spear right now and it's super creepy i don't i don't like it
well i can appreciate that man but you're appreciated by millions of people across this
country and we all see but i can say one thing especially your audience not that i have all the
answers but i do know one thing that we are going to overtake and we are going to win and we're
going to get on the right side of history and all these thugs and criminals in the district of
criminals up there and these turncoats that have you know tried to down our second amendment
rights and that these people their day is coming of reckoning real soon real quick there is a
paradigm shift that's going on in this world right today just going to shift the whole balance of
power of wealth and money and power and it's coming and they know it and i think on top of
what you have done which is a major dynamic you definitely got these people on the run and god
bless you for it no we've got them on the run and if they do set me up or kill me or anything i want
you all to continue info wars i want my operation to continue i want to be able to just have them
to just have them defeated go out confront them at press conferences confront them everywhere
take over the info war never back down um look they're not going to stop us the reason they
haven't killed me believe me they love to they kill people all the time is they know would
probably turbo charge everything be like in road warrior when they turn the nitrous oxide on it
you know the vehicle goes into you know doubles its speed in mere seconds so uh whatever hell i'm
so damn exhausted sometimes they come after and i even worry about it i'll be like oh really you're
about to get me out of my work i'll never commit suicide though i love life all right i'm gonna go
home and see my family the crew's coming in here overdrive at info wars dot com forward slash listen
see the video feeds thank you for listening nightly news tonight seven o'clock seven o'clock
seven o'clock seven o'clock syndrome introducing pro one all of your filtration in one system
portable on the go no more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride you
have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95 percent of hydrofluorosolic acid
advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics
advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element it is the
only one that does it and out of the gates we have it discounted at 10 off with promo code water this
is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides herbicides chloramines ammonia
and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride
filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate get your pro pure with the new pro one filters today
at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139 thank you for listening to gcn visit gcnlive.com
today
for the state on the highway patrol
well you know me when you see me because my door is painted wide
all right alex jones here back in commercial free worldwide broadcast ladies and gentlemen and you've
got martial law going on in boston and surrounding cities as the government just parades their their
their martial law tendency in a giant uh police state basically riot guns being pointed at families
just running around in intense fear i mean i mean if i knew there was somebody in the building
coming to try to kill me i would get adrenaline rush get my gun and try to find a place to hide
and wait for them but i wouldn't be just running around marching around i don't know how these
cops march around like little kids in these uniforms bugging their eyes out acting tough
like 10 hours at a time it's like some weird narcissistic mental illness or something i i just
i mean i just don't even get it i mean you know i kind of get white knuckle when i'm driving down
a one lane road on each side of like 70 and it's at night and there's deer and stuff and you know
somebody have a blowout and go right into your lane you're going 70 they're going 70 that's
140 mile an hour collision you're dead like 99 of the time and and that's when i'll actually try
to get over in the shoulder and and try to stay away from because i realize that's a danger
and i mean just like a city of six hundred thousand or whatever it's just running around and
total abject complete you know bonkers fear everything else you can imagine
makes absolutely no sense uh unless you realize it's a power grab and there is a major cover-up
going on their whole narrative has unraveled and uh they're just counting on the public being so
dumb it's like dorner we're now in the 21st century they're like we're going to burn him
down yeah kill him burn that cabin down okay get the fire i've got it we're placing it the fire's
lit okay we got fire mission completed we burned him down and there you go number one that's an
internet rumor there's no audio of that oh actually got it from six different sources
different people saying it we didn't mean burn it down we didn't mean burn it down we didn't mean
burn it down talking to you like you are a low grade moron now we're going to re-air this on
the nightly news again tonight really great report just looking at some of the recent drone stuff
even from their whitewash it's clear they're lying about the numbers being killed by drones
when obama talks about anybody using a bomb to kill innocent civilians as a terrorist
and i tend to agree with you and are there real chechen terrorists yeah they're funny
about the cia most of the time but there's a chance these can be real chechen terrorists
i want to know why there was a drill they're lying about and all those intelligence agencies
right there when it happened looking right where the bombing was using the drill for the stand down
that's the evidence of the false flag and if this is proven to not be a false flag which i think
it's gone from one percent chance to maybe five percent chance i will eat my hat and apologize
and be very pleased i mean i would do cartwheels and probably go on vacation for a week and and
and and and run around popping champagne bottles because i really want to believe that the
government is not this evil i really want to believe they didn't do thousands of lethal tests on
foster kids and black people and native americans and poor communities and abilations and
jewish kids in israel you know the ringworm kids radiating to death i mean i know about all that
and it's like oh yeah the government killed four thousand kids here and five thousand there and
a thousand here and injected people with syphilis over 45 years and yeah last year the un gave you
know millions of kids this polio vaccine it killed a bunch of them and sixty thousand got paralyzed
or whatever but yeah guardasil kills the kids blah blah blah yeah autism's from one in thirty
thousand or one in twenty five thousand thirty years ago to one in fifty and there's all these
false flags and all these admissions and i'm supposed to just ignore all of that now i got
the next crew coming in here and uh they're gonna be in there about two hours and we're gonna have
the nightly news tonight that they're gonna do because i'm getting out of here well actually i'm
not getting down there i'm gonna go work on my magazine for an hour uh and then i gotta go i
gotta get out of here i mean the problem is i'm so worked up that i can't even sleep in fact i
stopped drinking coffee yesterday at about three o'clock and i went home went to bed about 10 and
and woke up at 3 a.m so that's some of the best sleep i've had all week um so actually i'm all
the reason i say that is so you know i'm at you know i'm not fully operational here uh because
i'm gonna start getting burnt out but we got chris matthews saying the bombing might be emotional
uh uh domestic attack in response to tax day cnn warns of right-wing extremists behind boston
bombings young turks we got even more clips than that uh we've got other clips here you guys can
play um i never even got to the austin da with the police chief good job having that clip uh we have
a bunch of other clips here with the paletano saying the drudge report is incredible i got a
bunch of clips if the guys want to play them and just continual updates at info awards.com and
prison planet.com like i said i already a month ago had it set up to send john bound and rob
jacobson two of our great crew out to california to do two or three interviews for upcoming film
so i couldn't cancel that erin dykes god blessing great guy uh he and melissa melton uh have gone
off to do their own journalistic endeavor which i think is just fine with me that's great people
like to do their own thing i understand that very exciting i back what they're doing i think i wish
them all the well i hope they do i've been doing some great reports we hope to link to them and
try to support them like we've done other people uh and what's the what is it truthstreammedia.com
i think's their website uh so so i'm and i'm trying to get more reporters hired and in the
you know in the uh in the chamber here uh you know to fire on the enemy and uh we've got uh
jakari jackson we've got um david knight paul watson his wife his brother all the great team
all in political science uh we've got uh marcos morales and we've got rob dude we've got this
whole crew in here uh with cj and chris uh and chris and nico we've got uh kurt nemo and adan
salazar we've got uh dan madhandi uh again dan madhandi came down here and then you know it's
like he wanted to stay but then i see the family issues with a son and then you know things don't
work out moving down here i'm kind of like go back to your family i'm not gonna it's the same thing
with one of the other reporters i just you know issues with family and stuff too but i'm trying
to expand the operation so we can go 24 hours a day i woke up at 3 a.m and went to the computer
hadra took care of a sick child at about 4 a.m i get on the computer headache from hell and i see
people on youtube going why isn't alex covering the shootout well i went to bed at nine the
shootout started at 10 30. i got asleep folks i don't have a 24-hour crew we're trying to hire
more journalist writers to work overnight and have a night shift i need money to do that
i need it takes a lot of money to hire people and run this operation i've been so busy i haven't
even plugged books videos products our bandwidth bill is going to be off the charts right now
it said you want to turn all these servers on because we got all these clouds and cdns
they can just flick on but i gotta pay for it i'd imagine we'll probably have a 70 80
000 bill from the video and the extra audio and all the servers i mean we're talking about
six seven eight nine ten million people a day now with a graphic heavy sight i mean it's it's
just bonkers and um i don't know what's an extra hundred thousand people a minute for about two
and a half hours piling on compounding i mean i mean that was just yesterday so be sure and donate
to us so we can be strong and robust and have vets on you know for their legal defense when
they're having their guns confiscated for no reason in texas uh you know this is a major
aircraft carrier in the fight against the globalist we are not that big a mothership
we're the biggest ship we've got and when we're able to fire on the enemy with history and common
sense we're about all there is out there engaging them we're about all there is uh and uh again i'm
going to go to this report by uh lianne mackadoo on drones five minutes and then it's going to be
jakari jackson uh and uh david knight and just to switch things around we'll put jakari jackson over
there uh in the shotgun seat and put david knight right here they both just been absolutely kicking
butt uh and um that's it if stuff breaks or there's more false flags you're seeing them
chemical plants blow up you're seeing weird killing shootouts it looks like there's some
kind of government coup thing going on counter coup that's what a lot of analysts believe a lot
of people there's lieutenant colonel's going public a general's gone public uh you've got
you've got picnic gone public i mean this is just bonkers stuff going on right now so
we'll continue and then we'll have a more refocused event maybe with a round table
tonight seven o'clock and again rob do the shipping crew the graphics people
um from janae meadows to the rest of the crew you're all kicking butt it's not like when you're
jogging a marathon talking you just don't you can't stop because you're so exhausted all right
so we're gonna just leave it at that support us donate buy books buy videos info war store
dot com um prison planet tv memberships you know the video streams are free right now but we need
people to be subscribers to help pay for all that bandwidth for everybody else because as of sunday
or monday i'm gonna turn it off and not have the free streams because it's really starting to go
viral and uh the bill is going to be gargantuan all right uh we're going to go to this report on
drones and then we're going to come back uh with uh the host jakari jackson and david knight stay
with us this was a heinous and cowardly act and given what we now know about what took place the
fbi is investigating it as an act of terrorism anytime bombs are used to target innocent
civilians it is an act of terror i'm lianne makadu and this is an info wars special report
the obama administration has insisted that drone strikes are authorized only against specific
senior al-qaeda leaders and their associates that were directly involved with the september 11th
terror attacks and those who pose an imminent threat to america this is in direct contrast
to the findings reported last week by mcclatchy who reviewed top secret intelligence documents
obtained by their national security reporter the documents show that drone strikes in pakistan over
a four-year period didn't meet those standards of authorization and at times the cia killed people
who were only suspected or who probably belonged to militant groups mclatchy found that during a
12-month period ending september 2011 at least 265 of the 482 people estimated to have been killed
by the cia were not senior al-qaeda leaders but instead were assessed as afghan pakistani and
any an unknown extremist in fact according to news media accounts drones killed only six top
al-qaeda leaders in those months the report also lists killing of afghan insurgents whose
organization wasn't on the u.s list of suspected terrorist groups at the time of the 9 11 strikes
43 of 95 drone strikes reviewed for that period hit groups including unidentified individuals
described as foreign fighters and other militants in a june 2011 talk at john hopkins university in
washington cia head and drone mastermind john brennan said that the u.s is exceptionally
precise and surgical in terms of addressing the terrorist threat and by that i mean if there are
terrorists who are within an area where there are women and children or others you know we do not
take such action that might put those innocent men women and children in danger he added that in the
last year there hadn't been a single collateral death because of the exceptional proficiency
precision of the capabilities that we've been able to develop accordingly the reports mclatchy
reviewed estimated there was a single civilian casualty an individual killed in an april 22nd
2011 strike in north waziristan however according to a report by the bbc of that exact strike out
of the 25 casualties five women and four children were killed in a nearby house a 2011 investigation
by the bureau of investigative journalism found at least 10 individual attacks in which 45 or more
civilians appear to have died pitch interactive created this graphic showing the casualties of
children civilians high-profile individuals and others resulting from drone strikes in pakistan
between 2004 and 2013 all of this information conflicts with what brennan had to say last year
we only authorize a particular operation against a specific individual if we have a high degree
of confidence that the individual being targeted is indeed the terrorist we are pursuing contrary
to the cia's position that civilian casualties have been exceedingly rare the documents show
that drone operators weren't always certain who they were killing in light of these facts
the deadly potentiality of domestic drones is even more pressing the mass introduction of unmanned
aerial vehicles is set to sweep the national airspace by 2015 yet our government has yet
to set the rules by which the president is authorized to target civilians on american soil
the 12-hour filibuster in march by senator ran paul highlighted this issue i think we should all
judge as inadequate the president's response when he says he hasn't killed americans in america yet
he doesn't intend to but that he might i don't think that that is a response that we should
tolerate we also know that we have targeted people for sympathizing with the enemy we've had many
people who have dissented in our country we've had people in our country who have been against
the afghan war against the iraq war i was opposed to the iraq war what are the criteria for who will
be killed could political dissent be part of the standard for drones drugs and you say well that's
ridiculous we have listed people already on websites and said that they were risk for
terrorism for their political beliefs considering the recent media spin targeting patriots and then
lumping them in the same category as al-qaeda are we not setting the stage for drones to be used
freely on american soil against those with dissenting opinions can you kill non-combatants
and people say well the president would never kill non-combatants the problem is is that's who
we're killing overseas reports show that 98 percent of the casualties from u.s drone strikes
are civilians anytime bombs are used to target innocent civilians it is an act of terror so by
his own definition does obama consider himself a terrorist i'm leon mackadoo and this has been an
infowars special report yes it is not new and it is not honor all right and welcome back to the
alex jones radio show i'm jakari jackson filling in i will be joined by david knight in just a few
minutes he's actually over in the tv studio conducting an interview and i just want to take
a moment and pause from this uh this boston news we'll definitely be talking about that a little
bit later on when david knight gets here in studio but this weekend we i wouldn't say we celebrate
but we observe the anniversaries of waco and oklahoma city and even these uh the new situation
in waco with the fertilizer plant and also um i guess the boston bombing as well this is a
very jam-packed week and other definitely uh incidents that have happened during this week in
history i would like to start uh there's something that came to my attention a little bit earlier
today this is something that you can find on infowars.com facebook blocks infowars posts on
suspicious men wearing backpacks now we i was reading through the tip line earlier today uh
the show tips at infowars we do read those i was reading those before we came in and got a lot of
tips off of it this was one of them and basically you can find this article in infowars.com it talks
about how facebook is blocking our post on on facebook facebook is blocking our post on facebook
and allow myself to introduce myself but not just there also on youtube there's a video i put up a
couple weeks not a couple weeks a couple days ago on the alex jones youtube page it was from my
nightly news segment a couple nights ago and people kept questioning why is this uh is this
post blocked there is no explicit content in that video except for the truth uh i believe it's now
off the off the blocks uh settings but all it was it was titled trendy's call for white terrorist
and what that is it was about the salon article that said they wanted a a white terrorist because
if it was some type of minority group like muslims or some type of uh maybe like homosexual group or
you know some type of group they've deemed as a minority those people would be targeted but with
when it's a white terrorist there is no targeted group but you know as i pointed out in that
article it targets uh timothy mcveigh when the oklahoma city bombings and so on and so forth
so i'm not exactly sure why that happened but there has been some censorship of info wars over
the last couple days and not surprising you got guys like dan badandi you know going into press
conferences shutting them down making the mainstream address him and that's uh that's a
major victory not just for dan but just for the whole alternative news movement because so far
they just want to ignore you ignore you ignore you ignore you then they try to fight with you
now they're trying to say you know dan and alex are super rats and you know all this all this
other silliness but if the guys can get ready there's a clip of the naked man and what this is
uh i believe it was cnn we're in a clip earlier today uh earlier this morning i believe it was
after the shootout at mit concerning the the boston situation uh there was a shootout and
a car chase and after that they produced a i guess it was a suspect at the time a naked gentleman who
was uh told to strip naked by police or fbi whoever it was in was escorted into a car and
guys just let me know when you have that and my question is who is this naked man because there
have been conflicting reports that he was this was a suspect and then he was let go i'm not exactly
sure if he's still in custody or what happened to the guy okay so we do have that clip so we'll
just go to that right now then talk about it afterwards the individual had been stripped
naked by law enforcement presumably out of caution to make sure that he didn't have any
explosives on him this is the individual cnn photojournalist who you had heard just a minute
ago shot this in watertown this evening police handcuffed a man the man you see in this video
getting into the police car he's believed believed to be associated with the shooting at mit and the
subsequent chase through the streets of greater boston so you saw him right there he was a naked
uh fairly in shape guy they placed him into the police car after telling him to strip himself
but naked and uh conflicting reports some people say he's still in custody some people say he has
been released but when we open the phone lines up a little bit later when day or night gets in
here we definitely want to hear from you if you have any information who this guy is if you live
in boston especially if you're one of the people who've had your you're in one of those lockdown
situations where your house is being searched you're told don't go outside or all that other
stuff so we want to hear from you when we open the phone lines up in a little bit and david
nice going to touch on this when he gets in here but i want to talk a little bit about the
branch davidian compound at waco that was rated some 20 years ago now is back in
uh a few not a few years ago but back years back uh says during the standoff several women and
children left the compound but on april 19 19th nearly 80 sect members died when the compound
burned after tear gas was fired into the building so sect members they had to throw that in there
and then they said they died after tear gas was fired into the building it was the tear gas not
the uh the flame throwing tank or the officers climbing onto the roof and busting out the windows
and throwing incendiaries and uh all kinds of other madness it was this tear gas canister
just like we saw in the chris dorner case where you know they can feel the flash bang and the
burner which burns your whole house down apparently even though we heard him on the radio saying burn
that mother effort down it was the tear gas it was the flashbang grenades and not anything else
and david knight i believe is actually conducting an interview over the waco massacre and he'll
have much more on that in a second but in the meantime let's talk about the current situation
in waco that is the fire that has 12 dead confirmed and 60 still missing in the city of west
now this happened just a few days ago it started at a fertilizer plant we haven't been talking much
about this because you know it's uh it's hard to get these things in the news when we have
a manhunt and so forth going on but i definitely want to take the time to point it out and also
we'll take calls on this as well uh waco uh the fertilizer plant the uh the branch the video and
situation oklahoma city all that stuff we want to make sure all of our callers can call in and
address those situations but here in west uh the fertilizer plant went up and smoked uh the
investigation is still ongoing uh definitely have a a fume situation out there and it was just very
curious to me i'm not saying this is directly related but it's a very convenient thing that
they had this uh this fire at the fertilizer plant right around the same time as the waco
uh it's a donald i'm not sure if anniversary is the right word but the waco remembrance and so
that's going to scare a lot of people away because even david knight was talking about going down
there then we got you know of course inundated with the uh the boston news and the other news
in the senate but uh there was talks about going out to waco and you know with the cherry on top
of the of the fume situation i guess you would call it we didn't have a chance to get out there
but we definitely want to take your calls on that in the upcoming segments so do we have the phone
lines open can we open those up okay we'll give those open in just a second so let's go through
some more of these new news items here in the stack also somebody called in yesterday and i
wanted to address this a gentleman called in i believe it was a gentleman called in and said
hey have you guys seen these pictures online of uh you know the alleged unit craft at the boston
marathon and you know we've had some of those on our website on infowars.com but he says hey if
you take a look at this website i can't remember the name of the website you can check it out and
see these gentlemen all crowded around a particular vehicle well mike adams the health ranger he
called me last night he said hey i followed up that lead from that collar and it does indeed
seem to be true and you can find that on naturalnews.com mike adams article about the
the gentleman who you know appeared to be affiliated with craft around a vehicle huddled
around that vehicle so uh it's a very good question you know i believe we are on the case
trying to find out if craft was indeed there or not and if they were there what were they doing
there so that's another call we got off the tip line also the uh the naked man somebody sent me
that i was searching for that video and then i saw it in our show tips at infowars so we definitely
use that just like we got the uh the image of the guy having his papers checked in boston that was
off the tip line as well so definitely give us your tip to show tips at infowars yeah of course
there is a lot going on on that uh on that website or excuse me on that email but we get to stuff
and we can and uh we do the best we can to shift through that so you guys let me know when uh when
you're ready to go with that so let's look at this police going door to door and hunt for second
marathon bomb suspect so it just makes me think when you have situations like this bombing in
boston the chris dorner situation one man or i guess in this case uh two men in boston pretty
much shut down a city or at least a suburb in the case of uh boston in a more rural area okay
oh i guess we'll give out the phone number right now it's the 877 number the guys are telling me
we're ready so it's going to be 877-789 alex that is 877-789-2539 and we'll take your calls
and get you on the air but back to the point i was making with the uh the lockdown situation
you have a situation where two guys in boston and one guy in california can pretty much shut
down the city send the police the fbi and all these other agencies into a panic and it brings
the the notion brings the question what if there was more people if you know if 10 people decide
to go off and do this how would they be able to handle this they can't handle one guy in la and
two guys in boston i mean what what are we paying these people for and don't get me wrong the police
the police definitely have a difficult job of implementing pretty much martial law checking
house to house uh you know show us your papers kind of deal that's what the city comes to or
i guess what the country comes to when you have one or two people out there highly motivated to
inflict harm and definitely uh regardless if you believe the uh complete stories of the chris
dornish situation or this boston situation i don't believe the official story on either one of them
not saying there aren't elements of truth but we saw the uh the aunt of the suspects on tv saying
i want to see the footage and that's the big deal we were watching that footage last night
during the fbi press conference and they said hey here are the two guys who did the uh who did the
deed and we're saying okay so we're watching the guys walk around uh rocking around the corners
and we're saying okay so when's the guy going to put down the bomb when's the guy going to put down
the mob the bomb and they never showed the guys putting down the bomb i'm not exactly sure why
that is i don't think it's disrespectful to the family to at least show the guys placing the bomb
down and then there were the um pretty much uh ridiculous reports that these guys have multiple
backpacks and backpacks like they're pulling rabbits out of hats they're pulling bomb backpacks
out of bomb backpacks the colors don't match but you know cnn had a nice uh analysis nice
uh visual representation when dan badani was bullhorning them they said hey yeah just we'll
you just pull it out just like you know pull a rabbit out of a hat and that was pretty much
their explanation going hard to uh going hard to get the official story out there so i'll take a
break from ranting and we'll go to kyle in iowa
on yes go ahead kyle hey um i was curious um i don't know if you guys had been paying
attention to it but earlier this morning when they released the names of the suspects
and all that my wife had went on to see if the guy had a facebook page and she noticed a couple
things that were peculiar and the page did not stay up very long um and i took several photos
of it it was kind of a wing ding or kind of a whiz bang kind of thing um because i pulled it down
right away uh but there was a bunch of pictures that were dated from like october january april
or whatever that were supposedly on this guy's page but if you looked at the little clock right
next to it they were all posted this morning really there was a there yeah there was a gal who
had called that out and within four minutes of her calling that out because i just got up to
go check it out because my wife had got me and i was and i was busy so i didn't go to it right
that second i was like quick print off a bunch of that take pictures she did that by the time
i got there the guy's whole or one of the the suspect that's still alive yes his whole facebook
profile was taken down it was replaced with a different one same pictures and all the all these
pictures he had a bunch of weird like mugshot looking pictures yeah i was gonna ask you about
that well since you brought that up let's talk about that now about the uh mugshot looking
pictures because when i was first watching the uh the news today and they announced uh once they
identified the guy's uh the name and identity they said uh here's a picture of him my first question
was where did they get that picture it looked like a mugshot and then one of our reporters
lianne macadu she said they got that off his facebook page now i've seen some pretty silly
looking pictures on facebook but i haven't seen one it looks that much like a mugshot yeah yeah
why um on uh aaron dykes's facebook page because i'm his buddy on there i actually sent him a
private message and i posted a bunch of the pictures on his timeline of the ones we took
down and there's a few more we we printed off a few of the uh um comments and stuff that were
on there like when the girl was calling that guy out and everything um but it was the whole thing
with his facebook euro it had his name in there so if they created a fake facebook he never had
one before or it was somebody trolling that had his exact same name now when they took it down
and put it back up again it was you know in the euro um or the facebook it was some check it was
uh i had to pull it up here but it was uh her name think about facebook like sir i haven't seen
the particular page you're talking about and like i said it was taken down so i can't really address
that situation myself but you know anybody can make a facebook someone can make a jakari jackson
facebook you know so you have to it's just be aware of those situations the way no i i understand
that because uh it the way it was done seemed um it just seemed really fishy that all of a sudden
this facebook page got pulled out pulled down when they were when they got called out like i said
on aaron dykes's facebook my wife did a write-up with all the all the specifics because she knows
more the specifics than i do right um and we're we're kind of looking at it like well it could
be a troll but these are the things that seem a little weird all these pictures were posted today
um and in his first initial facebook it looked legitimate because it had a whole timeline and
everything to it it wasn't just like oh i just put up a facebook page today there's a whole history
on there she checked that out because i want to see what this guy was about yeah yeah and then
all of a sudden the next one is just a bunch of uh mug shots and but all of a sudden his he
apparently he she or whatever apparently lived in chicago and changed their address to boston
and then all of a sudden boom that was gone too um but she the full write-up and it's a rough
it's a rough write-up it's like a rough draft right but i wanted to get it out but it's it's
on aaron's facebook page okay well definitely if you're listening to aaron check that out but you
can also send it to us at uh show tips at info wars and we'll try to take a look at that thank
you for your call we're going to move on now to jeremy in texas all right how are you today sir
doing very well how are you i'm doing very well thank you for asking i want to preface this with
90 percent of all warfare psychologically and so the war that we see fought on our streets
is not the war to be concerned about everything's a test bed and a caller calling earlier and say
that we have to have multiple exit points so that's what the i does uh whenever that happens
and i really see that bombing as a kiss of uh kiss of death if you will because they could have easily
blown up that whole corridor and cause much more havoc oh yes but having small little proxy wars
like this what it does create a test bed for uh future events i mean and people think that martial
law is going to slowly come to america it's going to happen all at once and i don't know if the
whole movement is quite keen on that but i really feel like whenever it really goes down you're
going to see events happen all over the country and when that happens you'll have marshall all
happen all over the country people will beg for it yeah and just like you said because they think
of big big events like uh 9 11 or the uh the oklahoma city bombing and you know those things
are you know huge events but they happen you know with good spaces in between but now you have these
small uh explosions a movie theater shootouts and you know that's going to happen anywhere that's
going to happen in small town america they don't have to be you know you know uh fairly decent
sized cities like boston and that's when you're going to have people begging uh please take my
rights please come check my house even though i nobody nobody's in here except me and my dog
please come check my basement in my attic to make sure that i'm safe there is a line being drawn in
the sand right now and that line is those who think for themselves and those who do not because
when this martial law comes in comes in it's implemented hand me your guns whatever whatever
it is uh to be concerned about it's not to be concerned about the handling your guns or someone
knocking on your door what's really to be concerned about are your neighbors who either think for
themselves or they do not because of i mean you know mortal technique even said they don't have to
uh institute martial law they can just turn the water off that's an excellent point prevent you
from having food they can prevent all these various things so um what's really concerned
about is uh do you think for yourself or do you not and it's up to us it is our duty not just to
do things to stop this but to get into contact and to build our community um as an equal force of
opposition against what it is that we believe we're facing excellent point thank you we'll
finish your point sir yeah and so i want to just uh make one quick point on seth mcfarland because
he has a joke he says it's not so bad that we're running over all these uh boston runners had
someone done that then it would it would have been bad but since it didn't happen it's okay
so that's mcfarland if you're listening you're joking that's all right thank you jeremy yeah
that's uh he is referencing two things there one the immortal technique interview alex did uh i
believe was one or two months ago on the info boards nightly news so you can definitely check
that out on prisonplanet.tv or even on the youtube archives and as far as the family guy situation
you know people will take that as uh what they will we do have the bill o'reilly clip let's cue
that back up since uh the guy mentioned it and i'll give you guys a little time to do that but
the uh the family guy clip for the people who haven't seen seen it it was a uh a boston marathon
episode i believe it aired maybe about a month ago where the main character peter griffin won
the boston marathon by mowing people down in his vehicle and they had uh blood and guts and all
that stuff hanging around and paul joseph watson spliced that uh two ends of an episode together
so then you can see uh peter griffin using a cell phone to detonate bombs and fox came out
and said oh this is outrageous this has nothing to do with the uh with the bombing i'm not saying
it does you know either but it was definitely a eerie coincidence so let's go ahead and roll that
clip and back in the book segment tonight did you see that we begin with a march 17th episode of the
family guy i'm bob costas here with boston marathon winner peter griffin peter how did
you do it damn phone's busted maybe i dialed wrong that's enough that's enough so you saw that that
episode was called turban cowboys and peter griffin i believe is a tea party or teamed up
with some type of uh extremist group and was doing some ill deeds so you can take that as what you
will like the clip they showed right there was spliced together but it was from the same episode
that was one of the earlier criticisms that you know paul joseph watson took these different
pieces from different episodes no it's the same episode he just put them together for the uh for
the sense of simplicity and you can take that that's what you will but anybody who is not
familiar with the family guy show they have all kinds of outrageous scenarios uh demonizing
religious groups and so forth somewhat similar to south park south park is a little more uh
extreme in that aspect but you know you can watch that and make your own conclusion
we'll move on to laura in california
hi thanks for having me on oh thank you and i want to say uh first of all that you and your
partner there are excellent oh thank you miss you guys and i just recently started so i wanted to
make sure i said that i you really complement each other you both have nice deep voices and
it just sounds real professional oh thank you okay so anyway i work at a sheriff's department
i won't say which one okay but the uh question has come up
about the media and the police and the sheriff's department and how they handle things let me tell
you i handle the media and uh i am under strict instructions never to ever let anything out until
they have the exact information to give the media so i found it very incredulous that they would
put all this stuff on the media about this whole event and then pull it back and change it and
change it and change i said this does not make lower can you hold on for just one second i just
want to talk to the guys for one second can you guys queue up the clip boston cop intimidation
it should be in the uh the new folder go ahead laura go ahead laura you know unless an event
is completely staged like i suspect sandy hook was to some extent to what extent i don't know
but they may have been able to get support through threatening officers or what not certainly i know
uh eric holder came in under the cuff it was reported through i think it was abc or mbc i
have the document on that and he came in and talked to the first responders what do you want
to talk to first responders for i know first responders and uh they you know there'd be no
reason for him to do that unless there's some other thing going on but anyway i didn't want to mention
that and uh also when they in the beginning of the boston race and all the specialized people
that we saw there and we know they were there as soon as that happened within so many feet even
it was 20 or 40 feet they would have gone in the direction of the gun and they would have had an
immediate lockdown in a vicinity of that area i'm saying and suggesting to you guys that they would
have found them they would have gotten a guy at that time so you know all this is really really
kind of murky isn't it all the information we're getting and uh i feel that they would have caught
him also i wondered uh if did you hear jicardi that uh he was with his brother the younger
brother apparently got away now how do you get away when there's so many people there they kill
your brother was that oh you're referring to after after the shootout is that what you're talking
about miss and after they got his brother they apparently escaped in the car right and then did
they did and they shot and killed his brother but then i heard a report that he laughed or got away
now i find that i heard i heard that as well you know he said the the story is ever changing now
thank you for your call we'll have to move on and uh but that situation i heard it earlier this
morning probably about 8 30 this morning i was at the gym and i was running on the treadmill they
had the tvs in there and they said the younger brother actually ran over the uh the older brother
and you know it has that changed since 8 30 this morning i'm not exactly sure there were
there were reports uh like we just showed you the report earlier of the naked man being placed into
a police car so i'm not exactly sure what that ties in if that was the older brother i mean he
to me he looked somewhat like him but you know it's not the best quality of video so uh it's
definitely a iffy situation i am like you if these people were as armed and as dangerous as they were
you know hyped up to be i think there would have been more of a police presence but in the meantime
let's go to uh something that she alluded to the uh cop intimidation factor so let's play that clip
right now here he is look here's the police right here with us anything here's a police officer
pointing an m4 at a reporter's face look here he is just so you guys don't see him wrong playing
an m4 at the cameraman's face who's this guy that is near the who is this guy no one else looks like
it looks like a terrorist but then things really picked up it looks like a terrorist look at this
guy he's just running around with his m4 okay if you guys can get that clip ready again i want to
play it from the beginning so people can clearly see that the the back of his jacket does say
police on it this is something after the uh the boston bombing i'm not exactly sure at one point
what point but after the boston bombing you saw the officer there running around recklessly
endangering now there it is right there you can see it right there on your screen if you're on
prisonplanet.tv the police right here with us anything here's a police officer pointing an m4
at a reporter's face look here he is just so you guys don't see him wrong playing an m4 at the
cameraman's back and freeze it when he puts the gun in his face you can cut it cut out if you
have to but let's freeze it right when he puts the gun in the guy's face just let it play and
we'll freeze it when he gets there police right here with us anything here's a police officer
pointing and now wait until he gets the camera in his face look here he is just so you guys don't
see him right there right there okay so if you're watching on infowars.com forward slash listen to
leave it up for a second this is a police officer you saw saw him with the uh with the police on
his back uh he's holding an m4 rifle according to the the person uh reviewing this video you
can see the cameraman there with this camera i can't see what the cameraman guy's face looks
like but just from the back he doesn't appear to be one of the suspects so why is this officer
running around recklessly endangering people showing his uh his firearm in their faces that
is called menacing as you saw in the okay you guys can take it down now as you saw in the project
veritas video and uh the guy goes to the police station he said well can i be like joe biden and
you know wave my shotgun around and to scare people and the woman said no that's called
menacing you will go to jail if you do what the vice president tells you and there's a uh like
the guy said i call that guy a terrorist he is terrorizing the the media there you know we've
heard reports of media having their their cameras confiscated we've heard reports of death threats
even in some cases i believe ap reported that against different media personnel and there you
go there's uh your uh your martial law at its finest your police state at its finest somebody
having a gun shoved in their face by the police not these terrorists but you know some police
officer who i'd say was terrorizing the people in that situation we'll move on now to steven in
florida yeah hey good afternoon i wanted to say first of all on the heels of what the uh lady
caller said you know i think that uh listening to uh you and david and uh darren and the others
there you guys epitomize what news reporters and media people should be and so i just wanted to
commend you for your professionalism and i think the key is that you deal in truth and not fiction
unlike the dinosaur so-called mainstream it's coming out more and more just like you saw the uh
the bill o'reilly clip and if you want to see some more bill o'reilly clips you can go look at this
stuff from what is it he was on hard copy or some show back in the day he's yelling and freaking out
at people but yeah that's that's what it is yeah so uh anyway but thank you for your uh comments
sir but go ahead yes sir uh i just wanted to say about you were mentioning about the situation in
waco with this fertilizer plan you're uh harkening back to waco and uh you might want to check into
this alex would probably know about this because he's good friends with uh there's a guy named
tex marz that's also there in uh i know i'll text marzia yeah and years ago after that incident
occurred there with the branch division the whole debacle he came out with some intel that said that
janet reno the pit bull nickname was the one that gave the order for the you know atf and it was a
whole military operation of basically murdering those people but then it was given at the behest
of hillary clinton and that's the angle i've never heard really covered in the whole thing about
uh you know the whole thing that happened at waco uh so she had her own personal agenda i guess is
what the way uh tex was putting it and so you guys might want to kind of check into that angle
i wouldn't be a bit surprised if that's true knowing the history of the clintons and how
ruthless they are when the murder trail that's in the wake of everything they've been involved in
how many people have died you know because of them but uh you know i just wanted to say too
i'm a runner and i was just thinking about this i went out and ran today i'm wondering how long it's
going to be till we get to the point where somebody like me is just going to be running
along the road you know and all of a sudden the cops are going to pull me over and i'm suspicious
just because i'm running you know just because of you know what happened in boston and i mean
i go out to a lot of races and i mean there's a lot of people that come out there with you know
backpack type of bags where they carry all their gear and you know i'm i'm i'm i'm really uh really
of seeing the day i'm kind of expecting it now where i mean they're going to try and not just
the major races like boston or new york or chicago but even smaller ones because we always
have police out there just directing traffic but where it's going to come down to where they're
going to want to be going through everybody's gear that comes out there to participate i don't think
that's a very far-fetched statement i definitely appreciate your call sir uh like you're saying the
uh the bombing and uh in boston and he's thinking that the day could come that you know everybody's
gonna be searched just for showing up and i think that is a very real possibility especially with
your uh with your school events i think uh that's definitely could easily happen like i've told the
story i went to my niece's not funeral good god i went to my niece's graduation she was very much
alive i went to my niece's graduation a a few years ago and um they were checking people's
bags to get into the graduation now when i graduated it was an open event anybody could
just walk in the building i think they may have had a metal detector or something but that was it
they weren't checking anybody's bags they weren't patting anybody down it was just you know come as
you are as long as you don't you know leave the roscoe at home and you could come in but you had
to have a ticket to get into the graduation and you know that's the new thing you have to have
your back searched and all that so i definitely think that is a possibility i believe it was the
the illuminati card game or something along those lines they had that picture of the jogger and this
is nobody expects a jogger to have a bomb or have a gun or whatever the card said and you know that's
gonna be a new thing it's just gonna be anybody can be a terrorist at any time for doing anything
just like they uh got the saudi guy now i'm not exactly sure what the situation is with the uh
the saudi national if he was a terror threat or not but it seems you know like a very probable
cause it or like probable case i should say that they just saw a dark-skinned man uh running away
from the scene like that guy's running away from the scene well so is you know are the white people
and the brown people and the and the yellow people and everybody else but you know they want to
target this guy for xyz reason i'm not saying he was you know clear of any charges because we saw
the congressman uh questioned mrs napolitano about that and she says well i don't know anything about
that and we'll tell you if that's something you should be concerned about very similar to what
the fbi director and some of the other major news organizations have said we'll tell you what to be
concerned about don't concern yourself with anything else we definitely appreciate your call
the number to call in is eight seven seven seven eight nine alex that is eight seven seven seven
eight nine two five three nine and we'll go on to colin in missouri hi how you doing today
very well good i just kind of wanted to weigh in on uh my thoughts on the fact that wake uh
west texas kind of taking away attention from the boston bombing boston bombing really took
attention away from the fact that they burned up uh the jfk library yeah and then while in in the
midst of all this going on we've got cisco being passed through the house of representatives
um and different things that are taking our attention away from the things that we really
you know should be focusing on especially the fact that bush and cheney and obama
have been indicted for war crimes no one's really focusing on these things and i just kind of wanted
to weigh in on that yeah we talked about that yesterday and also the day before with uh dr
steve pachiniki was on referencing that so you can go dig in the archives for that stuff but
that stuff is very much important david knight has spoken at length about cispa and some of the other
things going on because people think well we won uh we won the gun debate well like obama said he
just put it on hiatus i'm pretty sure he's going to come forward with some executive orders so you
know don't even rest on the gun issue but just like the gentleman said there are plenty of things
going on in the world uh you know we have waco and uh oklahoma city those uh those memorials and
and many other things so definitely be vigilant of those then sir do you have uh anything in
particular you want to talk about with the jfk library that was it i just wanted to just to let
everyone understand that we can't just be focused on one thing that there are multiple avenues that
we have to explore multiple things that we have to focus on when we're fighting for our freedoms
because they're not just attacking on on one issue they're they're focused on multiple issues
so you know just remember to stay vigilant and focusing on everything that's going on not just
one or two issues all right appreciate your call sir yes and we're taking calls on numerous topics
it doesn't have to be about boston you know that's the one of the hot button issues right
now but you can call about waco you can call about the jfk library you can call about whatever you
want you can call call about uh about gmos or anything else so just let us know what you want
to talk about we'll move on to jason and california yes sukari it's a pleasure to finally
talk to somebody at the infowars team a long time listening i've been calling a lot never got through
so well congratulations today's the day well yeah it's a happy day here in california for me but
that's the only thing i'm happy about what i'm curious about is uh if anybody i'm sure it's
talked about they're in the office with all of the info wars team but with the numbers growing
of people that are opening their eyes essentially of things that are going on and that questions
that go unanswered is there any sense of an of an end game we're finally going to get somewhere
and people will answer for whether it be war crimes lies whatever well the big thing is is
people just don't want to hold uh their public officials responsible for things because uh you
take a look at just use obama for example you know he has uh fast and furious and mangazi and
multiple drone strikes that have killed children but he hides behind the sandy hook kids and you
know other people saying hey well i'm trying to help these people out and you can you know debate
whether he's trying to really help them or not but these are the people i'm working on and i
don't care about anybody else i mean why doesn't he fly around with the other parents of the children
that died in drone strikes so you know of course the other things i've referenced fast and furious
and so on so it's really up to the people to hold these people accountable every press conference
every uh book signing or wherever else these people may be go there say hey don't just you know
do the flowery answer oh i'm so thankful you're doing this stuff about sandy hook go in there hey
what about this what about that eric hoda what about fast and furious uh mrs clinton what about
mangazi that's what it's going to take you have to go in there and you can do it a little more
eloquently than maybe alex jones or uh dan badani but definitely get these issues out there that's
what it takes and uh remind your friends of that anytime somebody wants to talk about uh whoever
mrs clinton oh i love mrs clinton well did you know that you know bengazi or whatever the
situation is and you just have to keep reminding people because people often forget boy that
you brought up alex and uh mr mondini but people with that attitude what i've always said they have
a place they do a perfect example is alex on piers morgan i wouldn't have expected anything
else from alex and he got his point across and and i guess what i'm trying to get to with so many of
us i mean i can't remember the exact numbers that alex uh brought up about as far as unique website
visits and all of that information but with so many millions of people daily sooner or later
we're going to get to a point where we're going to have i mean comparable to a political party
we're going to have enough numbers where we can say answer this why were there navy seals
at the boston marathon uh why do you kill civilians in drone strikes you know
at any number of things and i'm just i i'm trying to be an optimist but surely someday
we're going to get there where the criminals and wires have to answer and it's uh it's just like
you said i just wish there was a uh a way other than being a fan of info wars and talking to an
individual i wish there were more ways that weren't just but don't get me wrong i'm a big
believer in second amendment but right they just weren't only second amendment rallies or something
you know something like that it's i think we spend too much time concentrating on especially
since sandy hood concentrating on second amendment and not enough time concentrating on all ten
in the pillar right right just as a group as a as a group of people that are opening their eyes and
i i'm just curious what your thoughts on it were if we're ever going to get somewhere with it
i hope that we will but i also uh wanted to ask if there's anything that i personally and
a large group of my friends alex said that he's trying to get to maybe a 24-hour status
we live in california i know you've got a few people that work with you guys out here
but we're willing to do stuff for free just to get the word out there and i'm sure a lot of
people across the country are right so anything we can do you or alex or mr 90 whoever say the word
and you're gonna get people to help you so i just want you to keep up the good work
okay all right thank you for your call all right and as far as what uh the caller was addressing
people who want to be uh active i mean you don't have to wait for you know info wars to tell you
you know we'd like to do something like we have the bumper sticker contest we have the uh the
paul revere contest and those things are great uh you know you want to make a video and put info
wars in the title but more than anything just be active because it's one thing to you you've
write your friends on facebook and twitter and you put out articles i mean and that does help
that may wake a few people up but the big deal is to go out there and confront these people it
doesn't like i said you know i'm not bashing alex and dan badani when i say you know you don't have
to do their tactics but the reason i say that is not everybody is you know up to not everybody's
bold enough to go stand in the front row and yell at the fbi you're not everybody's bold enough to
go yell at uh president bush like alex does you don't have to do those things i mean those things
are you know great they're great uh news pieces if you if you do those things but just anything
just be active in your community you can go hand out flyers on the corner i mean you have
to engage people personally is that that'd be the only advice i'd give to people because i meet
people uh when we do various things around town they say hey you know what would you recommend
engage people personally whether that's in a um a very friendly sense you're just trying to
spread the message or could be a little more uh hostile sense like you're going out there to
confront you know some corrupt politician and that would be the uh the advice i give to anybody so i
definitely appreciate your call sir we'll move on to is that darren in new york
hello yes oh yeah it's darren i'm from new york i was just trying to touch up on a little bit of
the blossom and what i've been seeing compared to the news media and then the photos that people
been sending about the whole entire police force basically taking their own people and putting them
as prisoners basically i see in my eye really i haven't seen that i have a couple of family members
down there and thank god they left before all this happened but when uh before the maintenance
started they tried going home to go get some of their stuff and uh after the shootout and
everything there was a blockade set up along i forgot what exit it was but the police basically
told them to get all their cards they searched everything asked for their identification and
my sister-in-law she didn't have her identification so they took her to you know like the drum ping
type bill and interrogated her for what seemed like almost hours she said but all it ended up
being was the police force patting down the kids and the whole entire family and basically called
it a good day and told them that they can't get in the city you told them that you said they patted
down the kids they patted down the kids what's up yeah they patted down anyone that was in the
vehicle uh this morning wow yeah so i mean this morning you said this morning what's up you said
this morning they did that this morning it was like basically like a couple hours after the
shootout or whatnot oh wow yeah no i mean i'm in the service and stuff like that so i mean when
i heard about info awards i was back in 2011 i was like oh this is a bunch of hoopla because
i was like you know the government can do no wrong but after this happened i kind of opened
my eyes a little bit and i kind of started talking to the people in the company and i was like this
seems like more than just this and then there's been a lot of soldiers like dude they're like
this looks like if uh the government wants to try doing something with this it's like we're on the
brink of almost what seems like a civil war because it would believe a little bit more a couple of guys
that are saying it because they're like watch these people in boston they're gonna get tired
of being locked up and next thing you know it's gonna take that one guy to accidentally get shot
by a cop or something and then so you know you're gonna have a whole town basically trying to ride
against the police so we might have an la right over our hands if uh the government's not too
careful trying to finish up a comic book uh right well i definitely you know i think non-violence
is the best thing in the situation but i do agree that the people of boston will soon be very fed
up if they're not already with the police present their police presence there in the police state
telling them to remain in their homes and having their papers checked when they want to go out to
the grocery store and whatnot but i definitely hope for a peaceful solution thank you for your
call darren we'll move on to ronald in texas hello ronald yes can you hear me yes go ahead
okay good uh saying good afternoon how are you doing very well sir thank you
yeah now there's a couple things i wanted to bring up i don't know if you noticed that photo
of that supposed leg injury victim from the bombing i'm sorry sir go ahead have you noticed
the photo of that leg injury uh after the bombing attack i saw a picture of a of a photo uh excuse
me had a picture of a victim who was hit by shrapnel supposedly it was on one of the big
new york newspapers if i recall and that photo was doctored are you referring to a different
picture sir um i'm not sure which one you saw it shows us individuals supposedly with a severe
traumatic leg injury now i spent three years special forces as a medic i worked as an rn yada
yada shock trauma you name it now number one if you have your legs are blown off like that
you're going to have to have a tourniquet there's no tourniquet number two you'd be bleeding
profusely number three you would not be wide awake you'd be actually in shock right and yet here he
is sitting up he's awake there's no blood the rescue workers had no blood on them so that was
all a staged event are you talking about that particular image that you saw or yes exactly and
i've had a lot of friends of mine that are on facebook i use it to get the word out because
i also write for your infowars prison planet sure and a lot of them are also in journalism
and so they've been forwarding me photographs etc like you know what's going on up there in boston
and so on now a lot of people aren't bringing up the fact that they're using the military there
in how it violates the posse comitata fact they're also not bringing up the fact that in 1803
the u.s supreme court ruled in marbury versus madison that any law that violates the constitution
is automatically null and void now it's my understanding sir i'll guess i can ask you
it's my understanding that uh and i'm not making an excuse for him but people like the national
guard can be active and on the streets if requested by the governor is that accurate sir
yes and no they could aid in rescue work but they cannot aid in place work okay because that's what
the posse comitata fact was meant for is a separation of the military from doing civilian work
in other words they can't go in and we're going to police this area like they did in new orleans after
hurricane katrina yes now the other thing i bring going would like to bring up is the fact that
you notice that the um obama and multiple others were indicted and then suddenly you had the
bombing and next obama said oh this um one white guy sent his letters to him and someone else and
and someone else and it had ricin yeah that guy who was the elvis elvis uh the one that just
popped up on the screen the unique thing is to manufacture ricin in large enough quantities
to kill a human you'd need at least any excess of over 200 pounds of castor beans
and you'd actually have to remove the beans out of the husk and then scrape the white powder the
fibers and then you have to process that dehydrated so on and you have to have almost a degree in
chemistry to manufacture it and yet here the people are believing this well sir i'll ask you
have you seen the alex jones interview where he talks to john mccathy yes i had and how he went
ahead and john mccathy actually brought up that and the bad thing was when alex jones uh oops you
know he's going kind of nutty and i thought no you could always tell when a person's serious
by the their voice and here he suddenly went from haha i'm joking to deadly serious now i'm talking
about it was the belize government or the columbians or whoever but it goes back to that
point the same with the anthrax scare you know it was weaponized anthrax well here we're going to
need to create a patsy all in the name of stripping away our rights oh yeah i definitely
believe that all this stuff is about stripping away our rights sir and like myself as a disabled
veteran and i've talked with a lot of veterans here in where i live in east texas we're not
going to go down quietly in the night if they try to bring in martial law or they try to bring in
the un peacekeepers or whatever to take away our guns we're not going to just go off and whisper
and hide and you know turn everything over and many veterans are saying that i definitely
appreciate your call sir i want to read this article this was from a uh a few days ago more
veteran arrested for rudely displaying rifle and i do believe alex talked to this guy uh yesterday
or the day before and this was a gentleman he was outside with his son hiking and they have some
wild game in that area i believe some cougars and uh wild hogs and so forth and he's approached by
the police a war veteran and the police say hey why do you have this rifle he says you know there's
there's a wild game out here you know that you live in this area or at least you police this
area and you can see it right there if you're watching on prisonplanet.tv or infowars.com
forward slash listen then the police are they have a guy up against the the police car and why
do you have this gun and so forth and veterans aren't going to put up with this you know i'm
definitely not advocating any type of violence but i do believe there's a very uh high powder
cake scenario there you know the police in boston or wherever else could you know knock on the wrong
door with the wrong kind of you know right type of circumstances should i say the wrong type of
circumstance and you know end up with a shootout because people don't want people in their home hey
they tell the cops straight up hey i'm in this house by myself it's me and my dog and my gun
just leave me alone and you know bad things can happen i definitely don't want that to happen but
that is definitely a possibility the number to call in is eight seven seven seven eight nine
alex that is eight seven seven seven eight nine two five three nine is david knight out there
is he still in the back studio okay that's fine we'll uh we'll continue on we'll move on to is
that barbara in virginia yes hi how are you today i'm very well yourself i'm actually very disturbed
at everything that i'm seeing on cnn um since this morning i i mean i turned on the news this
morning and i see the picture of uh the older brother and it said dead and i'm like what wait
wait you know how did that happen yeah right it happened overnight and i'm and and the whole thing
i mean i saw our movie years ago and it basically had to do with government corruption and it was
called double take i don't recall that it's like this had double take like just just painted all
over it meaning they're showing you one thing but what's really happening is something completely
different and what's been aggravating me since this morning is that everywhere all these reporters
on cnn are like oh well police believe that they these two are the one are the suspects who for
the bombing in in um boston like okay so basically you gunned a guy down on a belief whatever happened
to evidence exactly you know and that's that's the question everybody keep keep asking you know they
say if these are the two guys and you're confident that these are the two guys why can't we see them
placing the bomb down exactly i mean they they show other times when there's something accurately
happening they show you things now this time oh there's no footage there's nothing um a few
minutes ago i actually saw that uh their mother came out and she was speaking um uh it was just
her voice and she said that uh the eldest brother had been followed around by the fbi for like over
three years are you referring to his mother their mother or their aunt i saw their aunt did you see
something else they was their mother she said anybody would know who how these boys are would
be her and the aunt had came out previously and had said you know you say that that they did it
where's the evidence show me the proof she said she's a lawyer from back home from their country
and she says you can't just show me what you you know you're showing me this you're showing me that
where is the proof that they did it everybody wants the proof they haven't produced any proof
besides the fbi's testimony that these guys were or the uh culprits in this situation or at least
have reason to suspect these guys were the culprits in the situation they have shown us
no bomb drop uh no you know bloody hands or whatever the the case may be they just say
they did it and uh we're supposed to abide by that and ignoring other you know and you know and it
just it's it's what's to keep them from being for anyone who was there to be pointed out and say well
you know you were walking down the street and you had this so you must have did it you know at this
point there is no there is no documented proof that they actually did it all you see is them
walking down the street casually and you know and then disappearing um the other thing that is
i see on the cnn ticker that comes up every once in a black because you know any once in a while
because of the fact that they put so many new statements on the ticker and it says that there
will be a controlled explosion yeah when is that when is you guys know have they updated that
situation of when that is supposed to happen do we know anything about that okay the guys are
checking out yes i saw that earlier this morning and my reaction to that was uh don't they have
bomb sniffing dogs and uh robots that can dismantle bombs and so forth but they're just
going to blow up a scene and then going afterwards yes this is true this is this doesn't make any
sense to me you have and you know they have they're sitting here you know they're ready
to sit there and take guns from everyone who oh well you have an assault rifle you have a rifle
you know and we want to take it away but all these people you know policing every innocent
you know bystander just in their homes oh where you can't leave where you're going to get shot
so you're not they're not they don't believe they're creating terror on a town oh they
definitely are definitely are okay we have an article on thank you for your call miss we'll
move on uh fbi evidence photo shows boston bomb suspect standing near child later killed in
marathon blast okay so we can see uh mr white hat standing is that the eight-year-old who died
is that him okay so there's an 18-year-old who died if you're watching on prisonplanet.tv
and mr white hat suspect number two as they're calling him okay and the lady brought up a very
valid point talking about how the police are mishandling the situation in some cases harassing
innocent people we showed you the clip earlier of the officer menacing people with his rifle
menacing people who are obviously reporters or if not you know reporters these people who are running
around with uh with camera equipment and the police are menacing them with their rifles so
the number to call in is 877-789 alex that is 877-789-2539 and you can call in on any topic
many people want to talk about the boston situation that's perfectly fine if you want
to talk about gmos or whatever else the situation may be in your area you are welcome to do that as
well we'll move on to marcus in california hello yes hello jakari uh great to be on
oh yes thank you uh the last lady barber she nailed it right on the head um with the cops
and uh and actually i noticed that they mentioned that it's a voluntary lockdown they kept
emphasizing that on cnn uh and they had uh somebody on there saying it's just uh
you know it's it's it's a voluntary lockdown yeah i heard them say that and then i was listening to
the police scanner a little bit earlier i believe they'd taken down most of the the police scanners
but we found one and i was monitoring it before i came on air and they said there was some lady
who worked at an animal shelter and she was trying to get to the animal shelter but she had to get
permission from the police just to you know go to her job to feed the animals there so it doesn't
sound too voluntary to me and and uh i also wanted to mention that uh cnn showed an interview of the
father of the boys who uh the alleged suspects and he was convinced he the first thing he said
is they're framed they were framed and he said that you know the the coward police killed his
other son and they're probably going to kill the other son he wants to see justice and uh it was
it was really interesting and then um when they went back to the anchor he added it was very
interesting after they conducted that interview that uh some russian government officials came
in to question him and took him away the question the father that's correct no i didn't hear that
part i did see the uh the interview you're referring to but i didn't know that he had
been detained by russian officials right right the reporter who who uh queued up the interview
after the interview he came you know he said oh it's also interesting to note he was talking to
anderson cooper it's also interesting to note that some russian government officials came to
further question him and they they took him away hmm well we'll definitely just wanted to get that
we'll have to look into that uh so i i was not aware of that but we'll definitely take a look
at that thanks for your call sir we'll move on to josh in ohio hello josh yes yes go ahead
this is something that nobody has really touched on now i know alex has said uh he doesn't really
know what's going on in waco now does no anybody know about operation black rain the scheduled
drill black rain no have you heard about no tell me about it you haven't heard of it you have not
heard about this okay i have it i have a screenshot on my cell phone from the regional full scale entf
it's um it's for texas that they're responding but it was conducted it's supposed to be april
17th 9 a.m to thursday april 18th at five um the scenario was a radio i'm sorry can you give me
can you give me those dates again april 17th to what to april 18th okay and um there's a video on
youtube of a guy in waco on the 17th before the fertilizer plant explosion happened and this is
what's creepy he took a video of a bunch of government vehicles fema trucks first responders
all staying at a marriott hotel in waco when the drill was scheduled for a town 60 miles away
since the the real explosion did happen they since cancelled the drill and all of the people
that were scheduled to do the drill are assisting really and you guys uh looked that up you said
black rain yeah it's called operation black rain and i and i sent three different links the
original page from the people that organized the event and then two other pages that had just uh
touched on it but i wanted to send you the official links that away the other ones weren't
like yeah send it if you can send it right now with uh put the headline in the put the what you
said in the headline operation black rain and put that one other thing the screenshot i was talking
about my cell phone they took down this logo from the site i figured they would cut the whole site
but they didn't but the uh the logo had tsa on it it was this weird symbol it was a black and yellow
circle and um my buddy has it on his iphone we might be able to send that picture too but it
was taken down from the page yeah we just saw they had it on the screenshot it said fema in texas and
i couldn't see the whole article but uh it definitely looked interesting yeah if you have
those send those to uh show tips at info wars and also writers at info wars and we'll definitely
take a look at those thank you for your call sir we'll move on to steve in nevada how you doing
very well sir go ahead um i just wanted to draw your attention back to an article that
paul joseph watson uh wrote uh boston bombing culprits identified yes um in that article on
april 17th um there was these pictures all the of the navy seals and all those guys but there was
also some uh like a screenshot from a guy named anonymous and he said that uh laws were being
written screw you he said i work on a security commission and i've just received word to start
campaigning on a campaign we've been working on for the last two months and that'll make sense
he goes down and says they're going to pin this event on a male in his late teens to early 20s
and he said he's going to do it because he's unstable well uh he said one person in that
screenshot but what we have here now are two people one in his teens and one in his late
and his early well in his 20s young guy and so then he goes on to saying that uh there's they're
going to find firearms and a book in his home and they're going to use uh reloading powder for the
explosion and um that the reloading powder shouldn't be on sale for the public and um
because you can make ammunition with and all that so i just want everyone to go back
to that article that paul joseph watson wrote on april 17th called boston bombing culprits
identified and look at that screenshot that that anonymous guy put up uh where he wrote that out
because some of that sort of seems to be playing out because what's really interesting in that
what he wrote there he said they won't find the suspect till later this week the raid is issued
to occur friday so that's today is that the actual article guys i can't see it from this distance but
that is the article we have on screen okay okay yeah that's it and so um yeah so that's very
interesting to me um and i'm just trying to i'm wondering you know did this guy have a tip did he
know something was going on and yeah we we have addressed that earlier um that was brought to our
attention a day or so ago but i'm definitely glad you brought that back up uh people can go to that
scroll up to the top so guys can see that um see that headline because that says if even if the
even if they plan to do something like this or he did have uh secondary information and he wasn't
exactly accurate it seems to be unfolding and sort of like he was showing and you know that the plan
can always be changed um but it seems like he knew something with uh he had some kind of uh he knew
something he had some type of uh some type of tip yes uh and we were uh informed that the the other
day and thank you for bringing that back up people can go to that article and see it there for
yourselves uh it's definitely chilling to us and it's folding and folding just like uh the article
had pointed out thank you for your call sir so everybody go to that if you uh if you were ever
in doubt you can go check that out and see it for yourself i've just been joined in studio by one
mr david knight hey dr how you doing so you just did an interview about waco is that correct yes
actually uh it's going to be on tonight's nightly news and i just talked to mike i can't hear him
in my earpiece i don't know if you guys are having any audio difficulty but go ahead he's got me am i
online okay i can hear him now yes well i was uh just interviewing mike mcnulty it's an interview
that's going to be on tonight on the nightly news and for those of you who don't know him you may
know his films he did waco rules of engagement and he also did waco a new revelation and we
actually have that yes right here in the infowars shop so that's right check that out this is a new
version he also did a third film that uh kind of came out that the second film caused a lot of stir
within the administrations and and uh caused some a revelation of some flare tapes that's
forward-looking infrared that showed some thermal imagery so he did a third documentary about that
this package right here has those two most recent documentaries there and it's really interesting
because this is someone he's looked at the waco incident over the last 20 years this is the 20th
anniversary of the ending of it where so many children and men and women were died in a fiery
conclusion to that and he's he's looked at this but you know what we talked about in the interview
was how much things really haven't changed the way the government deals with these types of things
right how it comes out of nowhere essentially sometimes it's hard to tell where the malevolence
ends and the incompetence begins you know it's kind of this this thing going back and forth and
the way that they manipulate the public opinion and the way they manipulate the press and the
stories that are set up to cover that kind of incompetence uh and so it's really important and
very pertinent to today's debate for people to take a look at this and if you look at what
happened with waco if you look at what happened with ruby ridge if you look at what happened with
the oklahoma city bombing all these different things you realize that there's a pattern of
behavior here and that's why we were so quick to jump out and say some of the things that we did
that they just were not adding up and that it looked like a pattern of behavior and what we saw
at the time this all happened in 1993 the internet wasn't there but i was involved with a group of
people in the libertarian party and we were passing around information on bulletin boards
and just as we see today with the internet uh we were sharing information with people who were on
site and uh and and we were seeing very different information than was being presented to the public
and the people who are in power right now at the fbi and at cnn and fox news they don't want you
to see this stuff they've got a very narrow focused story only look here nothing else exactly
and and they're desperate about that now because it really was a seminal moment for those of us who
are looking at it at that point and it was it was just uh because again it was it was a wake up
moment and for people my age that were active at that time uh it's really a bigger deal than
september 11th because we see the whole framework of of our country changed legally after september
11th but for those of us who saw just the mass propaganda manipulation and malevolence of our
government at that point in time it was a really seminal moment and these films by mike mcnulty
really lay it out so it's very important for people to see this it's very important for them
to get this information of their friends and finally i'll say he's got a very detailed blog
that is copsproductions.com and uh if you go there and look at his editorials you'll see
it's essentially overflow information but he talks about and we talk about this in the interview
tonight when they come for the guns you can do one of three things you can either turn them in
you can wait for them to come to your house and have a firefight like the branch davidian's did
and we see how that ends or you can do a third thing and we talked about that third thing tonight
if you want to see it you can tune in to the nightly news tonight all right nice plug for
that can we show the uh the video on the uh on the shop site waco a new revelation so people can
check that out on the infowars store so guys just throw that up whenever you get a chance now david
waco is something that's very near and dear to your heart uh why is that why is this one so
important to you well like i said at the interview you know it was really a crossing in the rubicon
uh i could see public opinion absolutely turned against these people uh even evangelical christians
10 years ago especially because they this was a guy who had messianic fantasies and he believed
he was some kind of reincarnation of jesus i don't know exactly what his theology was
because it didn't really matter to me no matter how bad his theology was there was no excuse to
burn him and a bunch of women and children to death uh he had had situations before where
there had been disputes some of them even violent and he had had his due process with a sheriff who
had come out and served him and that could have all been handled very easily but we had a federal
bureaucracy that interjected itself into this situation for political reasons for funding
reasons because they were trying to extend their jurisdiction and their control and because they
were trying to pull back some of the bad pr that they had gotten in the ruby ridge investigation
and so when they came in and they started doing this things immediately came out they said well
we came after him because he had a fully automatic machine gun well it turned out that uh he just
hadn't paid a license that was what that was the the technicality that was there and so one of the
things that we learned about that was that gun laws can be so complex and so lethal that we need
to be really careful about infringing on the second amendment you know is if you infringe on the second
amendment and you make it a big issue uh out of a gun crime people die frequently because of that
and so that was part of it but it was also for me i guess a seminal moment because i saw how the how
the press and the government were able to manipulate opinion from evangelicals to actually
i heard so many of them say well he deserved it anyway he was a child molester or whatever
child molestation is not the jurisdiction of the atf no not at all start all that because
a child molestation and if there was child molestation give the guy due process but we
hear today that uh if somebody is adjudicated or or some psychiatrist i should say has an opinion
that somebody is dangerous then that person ought to have their guns taken away from them by force
if necessary uh lethally confiscated if necessary that's that's the implication of that right that's
that is something that can happen and yet here we are 20 years later and who is in the crosshairs
of the government it's those same evangelicals right now 20 years later and i said it at the time
it's that old cliche that if uh that you heard out of nazi germany the guy said when they came
for this group i did nothing when they came for that group i did nothing when they came for me
there was no one left we were telling people that over and over again 20 years ago and like i said
some of the people who were the biggest to criticize the divisions the divisions and who
had the least sympathy for it happened there were the evangelicals and now we're seeing people like
lieutenant colonel frank rich come sending out this uh email to his subordinates saying that
the family research council and the american family association two of the most mainstream
evangelical organizations out there are hate groups yes that is so close to calling them
terrorists and justifying what you want to do to them and telling his subordinates they do not
they do not share our army values and i mean this is in a document where he is talking about
radical revolutionaries i mean we're talking about white supremacist groups and ku klux klan
and islamic terrorists and everything and he's lumping the american family research council
and the family research council and the american family association into those categories and so
if we do not stand together for the bill of rights all the bill of rights uh not just the
second amendment we're all going to be in this together and that's the thing that really stands
out to me how that all unfolded and as we see now in just 20 years and we see the same people in
place as well eric holder had a big role in the waco subsequent investigations yeah and not just
waco uh also oklahoma city this week yes and uh i'll just tell my oklahoma city story when
oklahoma city happened i was in third grade um david nice smile though i guess he's thinking
about how old he was at the time and uh i lived in tulsa oklahoma which is about a little over
an hour from oklahoma city and i've you know been to the memorial out there and all the teachers
were scared and you know a little freaked out about the whole situation and came out or you
know the official story is timothy mcveigh and terry nichols uh handled that situation even
though there have been multiple tests you can see it in a noble eye that we have here that the bomb
as the official story says was constructed cannot bring down a building of that magnitude and cause
that kind of damage also in the noble eye you can see uh the then governor of oklahoma saying that
there were multiple bombs found inside the uh the murrah building uh nobody wants to talk about that
and how did those bombs get there because the official story says that neither timothy mcveigh
nor terry nichols ever stepped foot inside that building so if they didn't step foot inside those
buildings inside the building and bombs were found inside that tells you at least one other person
had to be involved to place those bombs in there but nobody wants to talk about that and i remember
when that happened the new american which is the publication of the john birch society had an
article from a retired general whose specialty was demolition and he said there was absolutely
no way that a single car bomb could have caused a that much damage to that building and b it would
not have done a blast pattern in that particular you know it took off the shared off the whole
front of the building essentially he said it would have been concentric going out that was very
convincing for me very convincing and that documentary a noble lie goes there's a lot more
to that story i mean that right there was you can look at something and when they're that's why we
call bs on a lot of these things when you look at some of these lies they are so profound that you
say okay all right i don't believe what they're telling me about this and at that point you've
got to start doing the research and it's going to take a long time for us to get to the bottom
of what really happened here at the boston marathon bombing just as it did for oklahoma city
just as it did for waco but we can tell already that the government is giving us an inconsistent
and a dishonest story about this and the thing that you've highlighted there with boston
oklahoma city and waco evidence was destroyed because we just heard them say they want to
destroy the crime scene in boston they burned down the waco compound and they uh demolished
the oklahoma city building even though you know there's plenty of evidence to be found same thing
in uh 911 they got the evidence uh they knocked down the buildings and they quickly escorted the
the remains yes away from the scene there are certain like you said and it's why it's important
for people to look at this waco documentary there is a certain pattern of behavior involved with
these quote-unquote investigations that lays the groundwork for deception and dishonesty and you
know they're not being transparent with people they're not being honest they're changing their
story they're covering up and removing evidence and when they do that you know they're up to
something and usually what follows with that is they then turn around and use that official
narrative story as the basis to fundamentally transform our society in some way we've seen
it happen over and over and over again and that's what we're calling right here we don't have all
the answers all the answers didn't come out for waco uh for for over a decade right but when he
started uncovering this doing his research during his freedom of information act it had profound
implications for janet reno and other people although they were never brought to justice as a
matter of fact they're now in charge of justice if you want to call it that way the justice department
which is not really justice but uh you know eric holder has been you know very well rewarded for
his toeing the line for the bureaucracy and one of the things that mike mcnulty said in in the
interview was that we often think of dictatorships as being centered around an individual around
adolph hitler or stalin or julius caesar whatever but it's really centered in our country around
these bureaucracies they're the ones that have this un and unfortunately uh these bureaucracies
never die they just get bigger you know they they're almost like a a corporation that never
dies there's a lot of of uh you know the name the names change but the game stays the same that's
right that's right exactly okay thank you for that dave we'll move on to our calls uh did we
already talk to steve in nevada or is he still still holding okay let's go to steve in nevada
well i'm still i was your previous caller okay i stayed on the line but i wanted to interject
something to what he was saying about oklahoma i think the uh the uh furthest column uh according
to the blast information would have only been receiving 23 pounds per square inch of pressure
from that blast any lady in high heels it puts a lot more than 23 pounds square inches per inch
down on concrete matter of fact concrete's often rated like 5 000 pounds per square inch wetter
how in the world does that concrete shatter with 23 pounds of comp of um uh pressure on that and
get off the air but i just stayed on in case you wanted to come back to something okay all right
thank you steve i will move on to michael in nevada is that me yes great so uh long time listener
first time caller uh finally got an opportunity because you're running all day uh i'm a
mathematician software engineer inventor 165 iq guy and the subject of proof is what you brought
up again and again and one of one of my interests it's a very strong interest i've had it since i
was a teenager and i'm in my 60s now there's a field called horary astrology that's where you
look at the event as it's as it's described by the time and place where it occurs and you can tell
what's going on in circumstantial wise it's told actually in the event itself and uh if you look
at the event um for the uh bombing in boston it's an extremely clear astrological event um
why don't you tell us your findings sir why don't you tell us your findings
yeah well it's clearly uh where we did it to ourselves that is to say the
uh the ruler of the first is in the eighth mercury it's a communication by the people who did it to
us in other words it's not a foreigner it's the people themselves uh what there are a number of
elements uh this sun and mars are both in the eighth house of death um in other words it was
going to be a fiery event i already had it on my calendar as a very dangerous day i was going to
stay off the road road so to speak because it was tax day a day where everybody gets crazy anyway
and the the uh that particular conjunction was something that uh was easy to see coming a long
time right so can you uh can you give us your ultimate findings um you know what you've got
it looks like a it looks like uh people very high in authority uh did the action uh public servants
uh public servants people in very high authority liars who uh deliberately caused the event and
did so in order to improve their power improve their authority okay well thank you very much
i appreciate that thank you sir we'll move on to fred and oregon
can you hear me yes go ahead hi i just want to talk about a brief similarity between the
aurora shootings and boston bombing sure go ahead alex jones talks a lot about how uh people are
about the elites have their own beliefs about luciferianism and that sort of thing and that's
what they believe in not what he believes and uh i'm the same way um but you'll notice that the
guy that did the shootings at aurora uh he associated himself with a joker and uh he painted
his herald orange and you know uh associated with the joker and uh the joker is a symbol of uh
revelations 9 11 apollyon he's kind of like this uh devil general crazy guy who causes chaos i
noticed that the suspect who is fleed in his sling right now his name uh is jocar the d z h sound uh
yeah i'm having a difficult time pronouncing that name but we'll go with that pronunciation go ahead
sir yeah yeah so if you just uh you know plug into like google translator that sort of thing it's
totally makes a j sound and the joker and uh i'm just saying uh there's there's the side of it you
got to do the info side and uh well i mean it's all info but uh the more realistic side and more
tangible stuff at all but these elite people also have these spiritual beliefs that are really messed
up and uh i think if you look into the spiritual side of all this and uh understand that then you
have a greater understanding of what they do and why they do it and when they do it and that's all
really hard to say so uh thank you for your time thank you all right thank you sir i think people
looking at alex's uh bohemian grove that was a real eye opener for me i think uh to see the
luciferian context of all that you know but right kind of reminds me of what he's saying there of
the uh that movie with um robert deniro angel heart where his character was louis cyford and
it was really kind of it was really lucifer you know he's really the devil in it but uh
sorry if i gave that away for anybody but it's a pretty old movie you probably won't watch it
right all right the number to call in is eight seven seven seven eight nine alex that is eight
seven seven seven eight nine two five three nine we'll move on to liberty lover in indiana
hey guys hey how you doing um first off this is separate my comment common denominator to
all of this is eric holder you guys are talking about him he is the commander but um really
quickly i'm going to run through these points it's only three of them and then you guys comment
ben ghazi all right what was the administration's original story a man's freedom of speech through
youtube in america caused right in the world that led to the distance of our ambassador in which it
seemed you're cutting you're cutting out a little bit sir and the this i'm sorry we're losing you
we're about to let you go i'm sorry i think i know where he's going what he's saying is is that
they're commonly the common thread here is that they're trying to blame uh you know like you said
with ben ghazi oh it was somebody doing a really incredibly bad movie in hollywood that precipitated
all of that right they're very quick to blame us for our freedoms you know we like to say the
muslims are attacking us because of our freedoms it's like no they're not yeah they're trying to
say uh bin laden and his crew hate us because we have big screen tvs and hummers and all that stuff
i'm like i don't think that's what the cause is i don't think the muslims hate our freedoms as much
as the feds hate our freedoms yeah and that's that's a very good point we'll move on to alan
it just says south i don't know if it's south carolina or wherever hello alan yeah hey yeah
this is alan yes i'm glad i'm glad getting through guys uh i just got a a little bit of info here
that i wanted to cover a little quick um the uh the guys that were seen with the uh black back
black backpacks and the the navy seal looking guys there if you look it up uh online you'll find that
these guys what it's what it's stating was that they were national guard cst teams of civilian
support teams i saw something about that yeah go ahead yeah they um if you search it you can search
it on google images and it'll pull up the image of the guys and it'll show them actually uh walking
later in a group and you can see them all standing there a couple of them have their cst best on and
um there is an article i can't remember the name of the article but there is an article that was
stating that they were scheduled to be there and they were there during the running so i don't know
if that was those guys but uh one more quick point i wanted to make about the craft international
guys uh craft international does not have operatives they're not a private security
contracting company they're a training company they're basically like a firearms training
company they uh they teach civilians law enforcement military but they are not a
contracting company now if one of these guys attend to the class and bought a hat or something
like that but um i don't know but i do know that craft is not a contracting company they do not do
private security okay okay thank you sir yeah i had heard uh the possibility about these guys
being national guard as he pointed out and i'm not too familiar with uh with the craft organization
i was familiar with uh the logo but not too much with their organization yeah we went to their site
and we have requested information from them a public statement they have not responded to that
and they also there's a lot of people who are asking them the same question on their facebook
site and uh they're not responding there either we've also sent in a request to them there but um
so they're kind of kind of close i mean when you go to most companies they'll give you a phone
contact or something like that they only have a info at the craft.com to send them information
so they're they're not really you know they're kind of a bit secretive probably where these guys
came from and um uh there's pictures of uh some of the trainers there that that look exactly like
uh what these guys look like these guys did not look as alex has said they they look like
they came from the craft or from uh former navy seals or current navy seals they did not look
like national guardsmen sure when you see all the craft photos in their own training videos online
that's what they wear and then it's the punisher that the seals all use but then the it looks like
the red craft there as you see that's why we're saying so we call them and sure uh i know they're
for training maybe they were hired as part of the exercise and i'm not and again i don't think they
were involved from the body language i think they were part of the drill so so that's what we're
saying yeah we didn't say that they were you know complacently involved in you know the bombing
exactly and and i'm not and i said day one the different saudi arabians the redneck all those
people i believe they were patsies too now we're seeing photoshop stuff because i've been looking
at pretty clear in the media of the guy you know they're now chasing around where it looks like he's
standing behind a little kid that got blown up i mean this is this is disinfo heaven and that's
what i'm saying that's what you see time and time again in a false flag is this swirling confusion
so you don't know what's real you know that's what the operators have called them and said no that's
how it is well that's how it was in oklahoma city that said five groups it's six groups they had
there six groups so that they always should just keep falling back to the next patsy all right if
you go back and you look at uh youtube and look at the seven seven bombings in london they were
interviewing a guy and he was with a security organization he was saying this is just amazing
we were here training with our security organization the exact same scenario at the
exact same time in the exact same place what are the chances of that well it turns out the chances
are like astronomically zero you know so it it's a sort of thing when we saw that one and that's
why dan pressed them so hard on is this a drill is this a drill and they would not give us a clear
answer they avoided that question the police chief avoid that question when he asked him that because
that is a real telling sign that's a tell-tale sign and it's not to say that the people who
are involved in the drill are aware of it just as i said it was a it was an amazing thing to that
guy who was with a security organization there in london on the seven seven bombing right he was
absolutely amazed himself these people if they were involved with the craft there for training
uh you know as part of an exercise that's why it would you know we're not saying that they're
involved with it but we're also not able to get any confirmation from them one way or the other
whether they're participating in it in any way yeah so i hope we answered your question now and
we're not saying that they were you know involved in you know pulling the trigger or anything we're
just wondering why they were there we'll move on now to dusty in michigan hey how you doing there
very well sir yourself yeah pretty good i'm calling from the michigan general charold assembly
okay all right um we were talking 45 minutes ago with a couple of guys about what we can do
to take care take back our country that's what we're involved with okay go ahead what's your
take on it um my take is is we gotta stand up and take take our country back we gotta get rid of
these criminals and there's nobody gonna do it but us how do you uh propose we go about that sir
uh forming lawful assemblies in all states taking back our governments
sounds good get together with your uh your friends and your neighbors and learn the laws
of the land and hold these people accountable david did you have any thoughts well i was just
curious what he meant by a lawful assembly is that something that is outside of the electoral
system yes it is it's completely constitutional do you have anything you said you're involved in
a group is that what you do in your group it's not a group it's a lawful assembly we're about
400 people strong at michigan and we're working with the other 50 states do you have a like a
website where people can get information on how you formed your assembly yes michigandur.org and
you can also hit the contact us and send a message and we can connect you with an assembly in your
state that was michigan what michigan de jure okay all right all right thank you for your call sir
i will move on to jamie in washington
hello jamie regarding the police radio at the time just after the bombing that you have linked
in your archives on the 17th deeper into the recording there's a possible transmission that
could be um an operative talking i have sent the dialogue and the time stamps to show chips
but i'd like to go over the time stamps that are of interest and think it would be very powerful
to play these segments for the audience to hear as well further on sure that'd be great
quickly uh 25909 and of course this is that blog dog boston marathon police radio if you search
that but at 25909 someone says this is the real deal uh we're just checking on your eta to
downtown there's a long silence and then someone pretty upset says i'm dumping i'm dumping i'm not
getting near there i just gotta dump and run i'm dumping and running lady breaks in i'm sorry
stanley repeat we can't hear what you're saying i'm jumping and running i'm not i can't see the
pro i can't see the what i the pro p ro okay i i i just gotta get going here is that okay
i gotta go and the lady goes yes go so that to me is pretty worth listening to
and just a quick second tip at 255 45 it sounds like an officer he says bleaches over here
and the library but the note to think about here is the library explosion announced at the first
press conference by the boston mayor or police around 5 15 p.m eastern on the day of the bombing
said the library explosion had only happened about 30 minutes ago so why did the cops know about it
at 255 and are directing others to that location besides the bleachers so thank you and i hope this
cracks things more well all right thank you that's interesting information thank you so much and uh
as far as that we send that to show tips and put blog dog timestamp in the in the headline thank
you alex no gentleman i'm just looking for my keys no we do this uh if anybody knows where
alex jones the skis are yeah calling i don't know this is a almost a daily game we get to play find
alex's keys and find alex's phone it's usually the phone i'm working around here yeah yeah he just
yeah he's a busy guy bigger things on his mind like a bumblebee all right the number to call in
is eight seven seven seven eight nine alex that is eight seven seven seven eight nine two five
three nine you can call about a uh whatever topic you want to you don't have to talk about the the
boston bombing but you know that's a hot topic and if that's what you want to talk about that's
perfectly fine we'll move on to chuck in or if you're interested in the boston bombing
move on to chuck in oregon
hello yes go ahead good uh yeah i just wanted to uh mention that uh my brothers and i have a
program on blog talk radio if i'm allowed to say that yeah and uh we received an email today after
our program saying that uh we might not be able to uh because of the situation in boston we may
not be able to have our regularly scheduled programs uh this next week really why would
that be are you there are you there are you located anywhere near there no i'm in oregon
oh wow so they just said you because the situation in boston you can't have a broadcast is basically
what they said yeah what time i'm just curious sir what type of programming do you have
uh basically you know we go over the the headlines the news of the day so did they give you any
reason for that or they just said that you might not be able to have it simply because of what's
going on in boston that's the only reason yes yeah i thought that was very strange
that is very strange well you know we have seen situations all across the country the day after
this bombing happened usa today had pictures of essentially martial law type of things going on
in cities all the way across the country all the way out to la and uh i mean we we looked at it and
we were just absolutely amazed were we yeah i'm even today i was watching cnn and they had a
a hummer or a humvee whatever you call it parked on a city street just like it like it's a mailbox
or something like it was supposed to be there and that's what we're so concerned about is that this
is being used to fundamentally transform our society to uh take these military drills which
have been occurring in big cities on a more and more frequent basis to do this even more in the
open and make it more of our day-to-day life and to use this as a justification well because it was
a bombing in boston no longer will you be allowed to openly congregate without turning this area
into a police state you know wherever you are we're going to do a tsa number on you and we
know the tsa has been building up for this for quite some time they've been stockpiling the
tools to do this they've been running test runs with viper at various public places typically
having to do with transportation things like train stations and bus stations that sort of thing but
they've also been at sporting events which has absolutely nothing to do with transportation
not at all at romney rallies and yes the other candidates during the election so they're aching
aching to expand their jurisdiction and their little bureaucratic empire and that's exactly
the types of things as we said before that were going on and that was the backstory to waco
yes why that happened now sir i'm sorry to hear that's happening to you is there a phone number
or maybe an email somebody can you know viewers can contact to say hey i want this guy show on the
air um let's see um i guess you could just contact blog talk radio but i i'd like to know if this has
happened to anybody else that has a program on yeah anybody else uh who's on blog talk or any
any uh affiliate and they say hey my show has been been canned at least temporarily because
of the situation we want to hear from you thank you for your call chuck we'll move on to drew in
indiana hello drew yes go ahead um yeah i had two questions uh one whatever happened with the oath
keepers at lexington and two um there's a woman walking in front of the two guys that her face is
bleeped out like the fed that's putting this wire yeah i noticed that her balloons go up like it's
signaling the second bomb to go off well i i'd have to look at the images again i remember when
i was watching that cnn uh the clip when i first saw it was on cnn the fbi footage was uh you could
see some people not just that woman you were referring to but uh some people had their faces
blurred but some people didn't and i thought that was very strange that if you're going to blur you
know this guy in the crowd why don't you just blur everybody's face right you know i mean you're the
fbi you should have the resources to you know blur people's faces i thought that was odd and what was
your other point sir uh whatever happened with uh lexington today with the oath keepers did they
show up or what happened they essentially declared i think uh some sort of martial law there and and
we were hearing that uh they were telling reporters they couldn't come out and cover things so
um i've i've been in and out of the situation today like i said i was working on other aspects
of the show so i'm not really sure but uh alex was talking to stewart rose earlier and i believe
that they weren't letting anybody meet anywhere they essentially had the whole area in lockdown
because they've got this manhunt going on there the narrative is that uh they're throwing hurling
bombs at people and yeah they're sitting there driving down the street throwing bombs out the
back of their truck uh sir if you want to find out more about that i believe you can either do
either do i'm not sure if stewart on earlier today i know he's on yesterday i was busy oh he
was on today okay i was busy monitoring the uh the radio traffic of the uh boston situation so
you can check the archives of earlier today and you can hear it from stewart himself
all right thanks for your call sir we'll move to jay in texas
question what legal authority how can i'm looking at uh fox news and all this
that's telling people to leave their homes immediately and then they go in there
don't they need a warrant what's going on well it's called martial law i think yeah that's
pretty much declare martial law no they haven't declared it but they are acting like it yeah
it's a state of emergency i believe i mean how how how many times have they declared an actual
war in all the wars that we've had that we've been involved in right they don't necessarily
get a declaration of war they just do it and they don't necessarily get a declaration of
martial law they just do it and that's what they're doing right now they don't they don't follow
these rules that we're yeah i mean i'm blown away by this i can't believe it absolutely just in
perspective we've had shootings and other bombings i mean it's not i mean i hate to say but it's not
you know the most uncommon thing in the world and they don't shut down cities and go house to house
and get out your house i do agree they should have some type of a warrant but uh they're just
doing whatever they want to do pretty much and that's why this looks like a very easy way to
i mean they're clearing out whole neighborhoods telling everybody to leave their homes go go to
the police station and wait until we tell you to come back and then they go into everybody's
homes that's total incentive i can't believe it yeah absolutely and that's what we were saying
from the very beginning and that's what the mainstream press was saying they said this is
going to be a transformational event just like september 11th right and we were saying yeah and
it's going to transform us into the next level of tyranny which is what we're seeing happening
right now today in boston yeah and and when it first happened i was just calling uh you know
calling out to obviously going to have checkpoints and all that in which they did having troops check
your papers on the streets and so forth and they wouldn't even beyond that we're going to come into
your home and you need to stay outside until we get done i really don't have an answer to your
question sir but i do agree with you that they shouldn't be doing those type of things
okay all right thanks all right thank you and is that fabian in indiana
yes sir okay go ahead hi there um been uh wanting to call you guys i was wanting to specifically
talk with uh david knight because i heard him mention mike golden the other night
uh the radio rebel mike golden goldman i'm not sure golden golden mike golden that doesn't
rebel yeah david mentioned him the other night uh just two or three nights ago did i he's uh
he was a radio rebel um out of north carolina and was wondering if he had heard that uh mike had been
found dead no i didn't know that i i actually i i am from north carolina and but i don't recall
the name doesn't ring a bell and i i don't uh i'm not sure what you're talking about but yeah
well definitely it was one of these late uh late evening you know after the daily you know when you
guys you guys take over after the three o'clock or four o'clock um but what i wanted to say was ask
you to do you know who rod class is no rob clap no that's not familiar to me rodney class
you guys really need to have him on as a as a guest um him and mike golden as well had been
just exposing the system and we've we've got to attack this system from every angle available to
us and who is uh what exactly does uh mr you said mr glass it's class oh class uh what exactly is
his area of expertise well he considers himself a p-a-g which is a personal attorney general
and uh he he the north carolina courts they had a tiger by the tail he'll hear recently
tell us tell us about mike golden you said that he was found dead uh what were the circumstances
i didn't know that much about him i had heard about it through rod class and he feels like that
his death was under mysterious circumstances i did an internet search and tried to find out
something about it and the only thing i saw was a blog somewhere that said you know mike passed
away at home uh but rod class he holds these conference calls that are on the internet through
aib radio on talksu.com and he said that the family has told him that mr golden died under
mysterious circumstances well we'll look into that yeah thank you for your call miss war just
about out of time so thank you for your call we actually got through all of our calls and
it's about out of time so thank you for your call we actually got through all of our calls today so
pride ourselves on the back for that um so stay tuned uh info wars nightly news tonight 7 p.m
central uh we'll have a lot more information for you at that time david any final thoughts
well yeah we want to we just want to reiterate what we said at the beginning when i came in
and that is look at the patterns look at what's been happening we've seen these patterns over
and over again when we see certain things like this happening even though it can take a very
long time like it has in the case of waco or it has in the case of the oklahoma sitting bombing
these inconsistencies that we see here are going to eventually be found out the truth will
eventually come out and it has come about out about those two things and i would really encourage
people take a look at this waco a new revelation because that's a lot of research that mike
mcnulty has done excellent research right and if you like this broadcast you wanted to continue
we've been running the extra extra overdrive consider becoming a member of prison planet
tv you can get yourself a 15-day free trial it supports the broadcast and allows us to do
things like we've been doing lately so uh and for more nightly news tonight 7 p.m central
