Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Ladies and gentlemen, it is the 11th day. The 11th day of March, 2013. I am your host,
Alex Jones, here back in the saddle. Got back on Saturday, did the Sunday broadcast, 4 to
6. And here we are live. Max Keiser has made his prediction that you'll see the bond market
blow up by the end of April. And he has been saying the last week, as I'm reading his tweets,
when he retweets over to the real Alex Jones, that he's seen movement in different areas
of the market that show that indeed his prediction is going to come true. I hope he's wrong.
Even though I don't like this system, any collapse will be used to give the system even
more power because we haven't done our job yet of really getting the people aware of
who is behind problem reaction solution. I'm also, because he's been promoting this, one
of the first people I heard talk about this a couple years ago, Bitcoin. And I know a
little bit about it, but not enough to really be able to definitively say what I think about
it. I think alternative currencies are great. I think the idea is wonderful, but the way
it's being promoted feverishly everywhere, and no one knows who really created it, could
they destroy it down the road and sucker a bunch of people as a way to demonize private
digital fiat currencies.
And I think it's important to say that because when I see the wild eyed almost foaming at
the mouth when I was downtown for South by Southwest demonstrating against South by Southwest
reportedly trying to get police and code enforcers and then even private goons to not let them
to not let us, our street team hand out free Infowars magazines to the media intelligentsia
and the wannabes that are down there trying to be given entrance into it.
I thought that we would send the crew down there and do that. It was actually Max Cabrera's
idea, head of planetinfowars.com over there with Christie and the rest of the great crew.
And I was just shocked by the fact that they tried to do that. But that's a side issue.
I had people coming over to me asking about Bitcoin over and over again, and then I just
see it all over the place. So it's definitely hitting a cresting point. In fact, guys, will
you print me some of the basic data on Bitcoin?
I've read it before, but I meant to do it last night and this morning. I didn't have
time. I just wanted someone Kaiser comes on. I can ask him about that. That's not the main
reason he's coming on. He's all about the collapse. It's ongoing, but he says it's going
to accelerate into a new plateau down below the heights we've seen kind of down in the
valley. And so we'll get his take on that and a lot of other geopolitical issues, what's
happening with the euro and a lot more.
I want to get Webster Tarpley on this week to give us his take on what's happening in
places like Italy against the euro, where he sees that going. And we have some other
special guests lined up throughout the week that aren't 100 percent nailed down. So I
won't mention I won't mention that yet, but that is just some of what's coming up today.
I do want to open the phones up in the second hour. At the bottom of the hour, after I cover
a wide range of news, I mean, I've been gone for a week and we can do a document cam for
prison planet TV viewers. This is probably the most stacks of news I've had in months.
There's probably 400 news articles here in front of me. Every one of them I've scanned
or read, every one of them I want to cover on air. The problem is each one is a rabbit
trail off into other connected dots and information, but I've just somehow got to try to get into
all this.
So we're going to try to break all that down on the other side of this quick break. I am
your host, Alex Jones. The news websites are Infowars.com, prisonplanet.com and, of course,
the nightly news site, prisonplanet.tv. Nightly news at seven o'clock central, eight o'clock
Eastern every night with our great news team. So prisonplanet.tv. Be sure and subscribe
today. Stay with us.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions
are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you
for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective
against bacteria, viruses, moles, and fungus and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver
has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com. Use the promo code prepared for 20% off your
entire order and like us on Facebook.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Bend Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth-friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one- to two-month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice
as good as what you're using now or save big with a one- to two-year supply of soap for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
These are items that I did research on that I personally use. You've got the LifeStraw
so you can turn fetid water into safe water anywhere you go. The Ktor Hand Crank Generator
to charge up key equipment during power outages or out in the field. Strategic Relocation
Third Edition by Joel Skousen. When Disaster Strikes by Matthew Stein. TheraSafe used by
Homeland Security to protect yourself during any radiological event. Hand Crank Shortwave
NFM radios. Everything that we've researched and found to be the best is available at Infowarshop.com
and your purchase makes our Infowarshop possible. We're getting prepared. Are you? Infowarshop.com.
We now take you live to the Central Texas Command Center in the heart of the resistance.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Show.
We're live, ladies and gentlemen, on this Monday, the 11th day of March 2013. Max Keiser
on the global financial meltdown that has been going on for the last four or five years
incrementally that he believes is about to accelerate massively into a serious implosion
level event by late April. He now is doubling down saying he sees the signs confirming his
prediction of about six months ago, seven months ago. He'll be joining us on that front
and Bitcoin. What is it? Who's behind it? I know he's been a proponent of it, at least
in the past. I want to get his take on Bitcoin today because people keep clamoring for me
to cover Bitcoin more. I've done a lot of research on it. And I, again, I reserve judgment
because there's not a lot known about it. Who created it? It's very shadowy. People
say that's the good part. Well, yeah, it's good if you're anonymous. But then when something's
been created and then you don't know about its roots, a little bit of an issue. I like
to watch things for a while until I jump in bed with it, not criticizing it, just saying
there have been a lot of other financial things like this throughout history that when they
have the same wild eyed, wide eyed excitement to them.
You better you better hold on to your rear end and protect yourself. That's all I can
say. OK, wow. Let me just try to do this. You know, I've tried this a million times,
failed every time. Let's be serious. I've tried a thousand plus times and failed every
time. I'm going to try to just read to you headlines, just maybe just 50 of them or so
said of the 300 plus I've got here, because that's I've been really psychoanalyzing myself.
At night, in the morning, when I get to work, I'll just pour over hundreds of articles and
almost get into a. Fractured mindset. Where I've got so many things in my mind, it's hard
to focus in on one big subject and really cover that topic in detail, and that's a good
thing at certain levels because it shows how things are interconnected.
But then when you don't get to even 10 percent of what you want to cover, it's a real frustration.
I can't argue with success. The broadcast is very successful, but I'm trying to make
it even more effective against the globalist. Success of the radio show is not the only
goal here. Success getting the word out for liberty and resisting tyranny is the goal.
A successful radio show is the byproduct and just is like a team of horses. It's a horse
that runs right beside the main horse, the lead horse. Now, that said, I want you just
to remember as a listener. That this is not a spectator sport and that you are the solution,
you are the answer, you are the resistance.
When they tell you you've got to be in a free speech zone to protest, you need to let them
arrest you and file suit. That's why it's been rolled back all over the country, free
speech zones. When they tell you they're not going to organically label food, boycott the
stores that won't do it until they capitulate, which is now happening with Whole Foods.
When Mayor Bloomberg says he's going to tell you how many hours to work a day, what to
eat, how much to sleep, what to do in your own home, it's time to say no to him, like
Starbucks. I'm saying Starbucks is perfect, certainly not, not a big fan of global chains.
But Starbucks is saying we're going to continue to serve over 16 ounce drinks. We'll do what
we want, thank you very much. Because under Agenda 21, the UN bragged back 20 years ago
in 1992, you can go read it.
They said we're going to start with cigarettes worldwide and ban them. As a model for a
world government. But world government by stealth, through local governments, through
states, through national governments. Then we're going to move to low flush toilets,
then to light bulbs. And once we get people to accept things that sound reasonable, it's
going to be no plastic bags, then it's going to be no bags period.
Then it's going to be no plastic in your house, then it's going to be home inspections, then
it's going to be carbon taxes on beef, on anything that has a carbon footprint, flatulence
taxes. And it's all going in Europe, Australia, Canada, and now here. And shutting our economy
down when China, India, Mexico, and 160 plus third world countries are exempt.
If they're exempt from draconian laws, then it will make the jobs move there immediately.
And guess who owns the major industrial combines in those countries, you guessed it, the mega
banks. Who have bought control of the planet, or almost have bought control, they're not
in full control yet. If they get control, Katie bar the door, okay, they're not in full
control yet.
It'll get about, let me be conservative, ten times worse if they were in full control.
They're in about 70%, 75% control right now. And let me tell you, they're breathing down
our neck, that's why I get so angry. I mean, I know where this is going. Where was I going
with all this, though, overall? I was just getting into the whole agenda 21 police state
takeover. You've got to say no to it because it's so incredibly hellish.
Okay, it's great to be officially back. I mean, I was back yesterday for the Sunday
show, but here we are on the big weekday show. Let me just try to go over the stacks. How's
that sound? Let me just start, because I'm trying to figure out what the top story is
to me. I don't just go with whatever the national news top story is, I go with what I believe
the top story is.
Of course, you can tell me what you think is most important. A lot of times callers
call in or we get emails or see comments saying, hey, why didn't you cover this? And that becomes
our top story because I agree with you, I think it's important. Homeless Houston veterans
cited for dumpster diving in search for food, that's News 92 FM, they have a copy of the
ticket. And they've banned feeding the homeless in Houston, so they just say, what do they
do, die?
And what a sign of an amazing tyranny when cops will give a homeless person period. But
I'm telling you, so many of the homeless I see now are not drunks, they're not drug addicts,
they're not hobos. I'll ask them, I'll say, I mean, a lot of times these guys, you can
call them the real deal. And I'll say, what's your story? And I know what they're gonna
say, I was special forces for 10 years, I was in the first Gulf War, I got hit with
nerve gas during the nerve gas alert and I got brain damage now and I can't get a job.
And you could tell they're all there, but they are damaged. And the guy rides off on
their bike.
Now I see the homeless and they are injured vets. I've seen homeless vets with arms and
legs blown off. And I just can't imagine being a cop and coming over to a dumpster and there's
a guy and they're eating and you're gonna give him a ticket. I mean, man, boy, let me
tell you, just thinking about that, I can literally pick up on God's anger.
I mean, just inside it makes me shake, shake to think to be one of those people. It makes
me shake. It makes me shake. And again, this isn't even about I'm a guy on a high horse,
I'm a good guy. It makes me feel bad to even imagine that and that's nothing on the scale
of evil.
It's just imagine that, okay, that's one of the articles. They're all up at info.wars.com
or most of them are. Former Newark Airport TSA screener says the job does little to keep
fliers safe. Really, they're trying to be a slave. TSA allowed people with criminal
records to get airport security badges, New American Magazine, Michael Tenet, or is that
Michelle Tenet?
I'm reading from a distance. And the article breaks down all the admitted cases where they
hired felons, rapists, robbers. And the thing is they're not letting them slip through.
It's not an accident. They do it on purpose. Again, if you're really worried about real
terrorists that are gonna attack, why do they then let basically anybody work at an airport?
Because that's who they want.
In the ads they say, we want you to be imperious and dominating. Remember that ad out of Seattle
put out by the TSA? Dominating, imperious. Imperious means arrogantly imperial. That's
what's going on. There's another article, second drone spotted over New York speaking
in New York. UAV reported within three miles of LaGuardia Airport.
They've already had them crash. They've already had them almost run into airplanes over Denver.
That's top drugs, link left hand side, drugsreport.com right now. So we've now covered three articles
now. Let's continue to try to get into more. This one, I'm gonna cover this now at about
40 after, so as I'm getting behind.
I mentioned this yesterday just as a side issue and realized how wild it sounded. Because
2013 is wild. 1950 was wild too, I'm gonna tell you in a minute. Immortal cell line.
And guess what's immortal? These are cells that do not die. They just sit there in a
Petri dish replicating forever. And there's only one kind of cell, and it's very rare
in cancer. It's cancer cells.
And when I talk about this, people will say, you got this from the latest installment of
the movie I am Legend, which was then turned into the film The Last Man on Earth with Vincent
Price, which is an excellent classic high art in my opinion. You're gonna think that
the movie that came out a few years ago, I am Legend.
You're gonna think, wait, you got this from I am Legend. No, I didn't. No, I didn't. 20
years ago, they put out more than 20 years ago, they put out white papers that are public
and I'm gonna go over some of them. Where they knew that the key to immortality in their
belief, this is the establishment.
If you control trillions, you're worth billions. You've had every sex you can imagine. You've
got everything. You own mountaintops, jet copters. What do you want? What's the one
thing you want? More life. What does Roy Batty tell the head of the Tyrell Corporation? I
want more life, and then adds an expletive.
Ah, the facts of life. What has been already made and cannot be unmade? Well, not if you're
undead. But it's not even undead, you will be a living cancer. And I talked about this
more than a decade ago, and then I went with some friends a while back and saw the latest
Resident Evil, cuz I'd read about the plot. And it's a super cancer virus that makes you
basically immortal, unless you can get burned up.
And then I realized, I went back and did some research, cuz I remembered this, that this
was all in the literature from the 50s. Now codified by the early 90s, where they're gonna,
well, just wait till I get to this. Okay, just wait till I cover this. It's coming up
at about 40 after, we'll be right back.
Now there's an amazing new natural antibiotic every person must have. It's Cells Alive Silver
Solution, and it destroys over 650 hard to kill viruses, fungus, bacteria, and much more.
Cells Alive Silver Solution has no expiration date, is great for emergency kits and storage
shelters, and comes in eight or 16 ounce bottles. Order today at 888-910-4367, or visit hempusa.org.
Hempusa.org, 100% chemical free super foods and unique health products.
We the people grow cotton, we fabric, engrave ink, embed strips and fibers to protect from
counterfeit and carting to a private bank, having it lead back at interest, forcing taxes
to service debt. This capitalism, or was Jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing
the public currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than a standing
army? Hi, Ted Anderson, I'm placing a free silver dollar in a book that explains our
monetary system. Call for your copy, 800-686-2237. It's time to understand the system. Call 800-686-2237.
That's 800-686-2237. March into big spring preparedness savings this month at BePrepared.com.
Going on now, emergency essentials and BePrepared.com save you 28% off your favorite beef and chicken
combo entrees. Save 24% on number 10 cans of freeze dried raspberries, or save 26% on
our freeze dried strawberry slices with purchase of 12 or more. Katadyn pocket micro water
filters are 27% off. Try our fruit flavored hydro pack combo water filtering pouches in
March. Buy five 10 packs for a 50% discount. Stock up on wheat with a year's supply of
grains for $70 off, only at BePrepared.com. And this month, power up with a Goal Zero
Sherpa 50 solar powered recharging kit at $110 off MSRP, and we'll throw in a free $50
emergency essentials gift card. The March sale ends March 31st at BePrepared.com. For
contents and details, call emergency essentials at 800-999-1863, or click BePrepared.com.
The choice is clear. Be unprepared or BePrepared.com. Gardeners, here comes another growing season,
but don't use last year's soil. Maximize yields in your survival garden with EM1 from Tereganics.
EM1 is an organic soil conditioner, fertilizer amendment, and compost accelerant that provides
a broad spectrum of beneficial microorganisms, enzymes, trace minerals, vitamins, and various
organic acids. EM1 helps regulate the soil's pH level and its soil microbes, improving
moisture retention and drought tolerance. Remember last year's dry conditions? EM1 from
Tereganics is safe, chemical free, and certified for use on all organic farms. It improves
plant quality, size, color, flavor, and gives up to 20% more nutrient value in fruits and
vegetables and greatly increases shelf life. And EM1 is so simple to use, just mix with
water and apply. This year, prepare your crisis garden for maximum yields with EM1 from Tereganics.com.
Order now at T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X.com, or call toll free, 866-369-3678. That's 866-369-3678.
Tereganics, life's getting better. Time and time again. You need to come here and help
us. We need assistance. Please. Those we should be able to depend on, let us down. Federal
and state and local officials saying help is on the way. Well, the folks here in Bell
Harbor say show me. Don't depend on the government to save you. Take action now so that you're
prepared for the next disaster with MyPatriotsApply.com. Get the best prices on storable food, non-GMO
seeds, water filtration devices, home canning equipment, survival and self-reliance books
and more at MyPatriotsSupply.com. Call 866-229-0927. We are hurting down here and we need help
immediately. Before it's time to survive, it's time to prepare. MyPatriotsSupply.com.
MyPatriotsSupply.com. In 1814 we took a little trip. In 1814 we took a little trip along
with Colonel Jackson down to mighty Mississippi. We took a little bacon and we took a little
beans and we caught the bloody British in a town in New Orleans. We fired our guns and
the British kept on coming. There wasn't as many as there was a while ago. We fired once
more and they began to run it. On down to Mississippi to the gun. But nowadays people
think you can't stand up for anything. We looked down a river and we see the British
coming. The establishment tells you you're going to lose. Resistance is futile. You must
give in to us. We're going to open the borders. We're going to take your kids. We're going
to socialize things. We're going to force inoculations on you. We're going to make you
eat GMO. We're going to geo-engineer the skies. We're going to get rid of your national sovereignty.
We're going to put your military under NATO control. We're going to tell you what kind
of toilet and light bulbs you can have. We're going to tell you 60% taxes isn't enough.
We're going to make the public dependent. No, you're not. We're going to ban your free
speech. No, you're not. You've got to find the fight in you, ladies and gentlemen. And
what's incredible is most of the time when you stand up, you have victory. In fact, at
the bottom of the next hour, David Knight and Sha'Carri Jackson shot a piece at the
Alamo reenactment and then they were banning our free speech in Austin or trying to order
the police to do it.
We learned there was a police revolt. I didn't hear this from the police. I learned it from
CB. I learned all the cops were smiling at me when I showed up to demonstrate against
the South by Southwest. And then I later talked to CBS and they had all the big sheets from
the interview. I don't think it even aired though, where they talked to the cops and
the cops said, well, we made the determination that the ordinance does not say that they
can't hand stuff out.
Now, the big fracas though, because they had the city of Austin come down with code enforcement
and try to order the police to give people tickets. They did give warnings and then say,
you know, we're not even doing that. Now, by the time I got back to Austin, I drove
back a day early because of this. I didn't know all this and I showed up, about 100 people
showed up real quick just off an internet announcement for an impromptu flash demonstration.
And News 8 Austin was out there. A bunch of others were out there. It may have aired.
I don't really watch television, so I don't know. I haven't looked it up, but I haven't
heard about it.
So maybe, did News 8 Austin or CBS cover it? Let's check that. Now, we can talk about it
on South by Southwest and it'll pop up. But I mean, when my crew called me and said, I'm
gonna cover this and show video for TV viewers, audio for radio listeners in about an hour,
about an hour and five minutes exactly, middle of the second hour.
They said, the code enforcement's here saying you can't have bumper stickers on your car.
And I said, let me talk to them next time they come up with the cops. Code enforcement
backed up by police. And I got on the phone with the guy and he's like, my superiors say
you can't have this car parked in this parking meter with stickers on it.
And I said, you gotta be kidding me. This is a joke, right? And he's like, nope, that's
what they're saying. So we called their bluff, they had to back off. And it's this whole
thing of their being ordered. The guy on the phone said he knew it was wrong.
The police said they knew it was wrong. And then they finally just said no. What's so
wrong about saying no to unlawful orders? I mean, I just do not get it. And it's time
for the citizens to say no. No, no, no, N-O, no, no, no, no, no, no. You need to learn
that word.
Three year olds know it. We need to learn it. No, no, because everybody thinks if you
just bend over to the government, lie down to the system, start licking their boots,
they're gonna be nice to you. They're gonna put people in who want to have their boots
licked.
Most people in government now still don't wanna have their boots licked low level. High
level they do. So they're telling the enforcers to go out and turn us into slaves. And they're
trying to create flowerly threats and scary reasons we should do this. In fact, I got
to this some yesterday, there's more out on it today.
I'm gonna be covering this after we get to more headlines in the next segment. Boy, big
news on the economy, but Max Keiser's coming up on that. 46,609,000 people on food stamps
and now has just gone up in the last couple months to 47,791,996. There's a lot of other
supplementals. If you add in all the forms of county and city supplementals and things,
it's more like 80 million are on some form of food assistance.
Unbelievable. Out of 315 mil, 80 something mil have to have the government feed them.
And God forbid though, churches try to do it, that's banned all over the country. From
Houston to Florida cities, you see that in the niche. And God forbid a veteran climb
in a dumpster. May I tell you, in Europe right now, in Spain and in other areas, people are
dumpster diving families.
Cuz the rich are throwing stuff out. A pair has got a rot hole in it, the rich people
throw that away. They don't know how to just slice off the rotten part. And over here though,
they give you tickets or arrest your butt. It was picked up by KI, pamphlet ordinance
not enforced by Southwest. And so they did cover it. Strangely enough, we're not even
in this report.
Okay, wait a minute, it's a side issue for national listeners. It just shows how crazy
government's gotten. So they did cover it. But they went to the cops, the cops said we're
not enforcing that. Well, you'd already given out tickets. And I gave KI a copy of the warning
ticket. We'll be right back, ladies and gentlemen. Stand up or be a slave.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN radio network.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system,
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping
or away from home who's watching out for intruders? Check out simply safe. It's a new do it yourself
home security system that is completely wireless. Go to get simply safe.com simply safe is independent
and off the grid. It runs on battery power. So even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable. So you can use it in your home business boat trailer storage
unit or shed get simply safe.com simply safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself
in under 20 minutes. So there's no need to let a stranger into your home. If you move
or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always
at home, but simply safe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven
days a week. Again, that's get simply safe.com introducing pro one all of your filtration
in one system portable on the go. No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce
sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydro
fluorescent acid advanced manufacturing technology combined silver impregnated white ceramic
with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in
one filter element. It is the only one that does it and out of the gates. We have a discounted
at 10% off with promo code water. This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce
or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid,
the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium
hexafluorosilicate. Get your pro pure with a new pro one filters today at info war store
dot com or by calling 888-253-3139. Tyranny is here. The grim future foretold in 1984
has become reality. It really says that the state is God. The United States is now recognized
globally as one of the most impressive police states on earth. This film conclusively proves
the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps now being expanded nationwide. This
documentary exposes how the continuity of government program has established an all
powerful shadow state. Police state four chronicles the sickening depths to which our republic
has fallen. Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship, body scammers,
sound cameras, citizen spies, stage terror and cameras on every street corner. It's only
the beginning of the New World Order's hellish plan. The police state isn't coming. It's
here. Secure your copy today at info wars dot com or see it online in the highest quality
at prison planet dot tv. From the front lines of the information war, it's Alex Jones.
Last night, a little dancer, Monday through Friday from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Central Standard
Time. We are here live back weeknight, 7 o'clock within Fall Wars Nightly News. You can get
11 memberships for $5.95 a month. One master membership create a username passcode. You
can share 11 people can simultaneously watch the nightly news. All that does is pay for
the bandwidth. That's my goal. We would be 100% on our own platform, but we cannot pay
for the bandwidth of hundreds of millions of views just on YouTube conservatively every
year.
OK, so it's members of prison planet TV that help pay for the cameras, the infrastructure,
the bandwidth, the reporters, the research to then be able to produce the information
to air select news reports that we produce here on the radio slash TV and to transmit
it all to you, the members of prison planet dot TV or info wars news dot com. Now, 10
years up and running. And it's all up there. The incredible special reports, the live coverage,
the special events, the on the road live coverage, all of it.
The rant section, the analysis section. It's all there. The ebooks, prison planet dot TV.
Again, that's prison planet dot TV, and I want to thank all of you that are members.
If you're not a member, now is the time. It's less than fifty five cents a month per person
under the 11 memberships. It says 10 in the ad, but your membership and 10 more and that's
simultaneous viewers.
Chances are most people you give it to are going to watch it every day. We wish they
would wake up. So you probably give it to 20 people. Hey, this isn't even passcode.
Just make a new one that's only for the site. Obviously, it shouldn't be to your bank account.
So a prison planet dot TV. You know, we might try to set it up where it randomly generates
some other codes, too.
But side issue, the establishment does not want you to hear and see this information.
The establishment does not want you to know what's going on. The establishment has done
everything they can to try to discredit what we're saying, what we're talking about, what
we're covering here.
In fact, one area in my stack of news, stack after stack after stack, is Forbes. And I'll
cover that in the next hour saying 1.6 billion bullets, that's today. We need to have a national
discussion about this and the armored vehicles and everything. Wait a minute, Forbes, you
didn't get the memo?
It's over 2 billion now in the last 15, 16 months. And it's all public. It's federal
purchase orders at FedBiz.gov. But you didn't hear CNN, MSNBC, Politico, and Media Matters,
the White House Public Operations Office, with all the White House people running it.
You didn't hear them say it doesn't exist and that it's racist? You're like, what does
that have to do with race? It's racist, okay? It's racist. It's racist. And never mind the
giant arms build up.
And you heard Gibbs, there's no drone program either. Even though it publicly exists, it
doesn't exist. So they got a big problem. And this is what I did a video about last
week when I was taken off of the family and what I called in about. There is a major tipping
point. There's the headline, 1.6 billion rounds of ammo for Homeland Security. It's time for
a national conversation. Do me a favor and print me that article. I know I have it in
the stack, but I can't find it for some reason.
That's another problem with having so many news articles. I have like five stacks of
gun news here. Yeah, more than five stacks. And last week when I got on, I was so excited
I was ranting and raving about the fact that we're in the fight and the fact that we're
having an effect and the White House is responding every day to what info wars.com is doing.
They're responding every day to what drugs report.com is doing. And I'm just giving credit
where it's due.
And then Infowars is forcing all the big neocon host who wouldn't cover this are now covering
it. We're taking over the discussion with the truth. Hey, why'd they buy 2,700 giant
black wheeled tanks that say US National Police FEMA on them that we photographed in Austin?
Why are they running checkpoints? Why are they announcing brigade homeland 300 plus
thousand federal troops to be deployed? That's Army Times. And they're like, that's not happening.
Let's not have a national discussion.
They are writing hit pieces every day. The AP's written articles trying to whitewash
it that are in hundreds, less conservative, thousands of newspapers and TV stations pick
up on AP. You can't even count them all. And they're saying it doesn't exist. It doesn't
exist or AP won't be as obvious as Politico or Slate or Media Matters saying it doesn't
exist.
It's a fake online rumor from an anonymous post. That's what they say. AP won't fully
destroy themselves. They say, well, Jones is really wrong. He's kind of right about
1.6 billion, but 200,000 for this department's no big deal. And then other outfits are like,
it's not 1.6 billion, it's a million bullets were bought by this outfit.
So they'll take one line item and focus in on that. Ladies and gentlemen, you wouldn't
have them running around like chickens with their heads cut off, doing the dangerous tactic
of saying none of this exists if it wasn't really dangerous for them. How do you know
the enemy's weak spot?
It's when they send their full force to that area. How do you know where, in the old days,
they would have siege engines, even primitive explosives, Chinese had it thousands of years
ago, trying to blow up castle defenses. And they'd have armies attacking from all sides.
They didn't have radios. You couldn't see the flags over the other side of the castle.
They'd use those to communicate up on hilltops. How would you know when there was a breach?
When you saw everybody defending this area of the castle, turn and start running down
towards the other end of the castle. You would say, breach, you understand they're not going
to tell us when we're hurting them badly, except by their actions.
And when they're going, there are no bullet purchases. There are no armored vehicles.
There are no checkpoints. There are no military drills. There are no black helicopters. You're
like, well, there was a big black helicopter drill in my town. They practice taking over
the capital. Yeah, they practice stopping your local government. They're practicing
a civil war federal takeover, which is a global takeover.
And they don't wanna have a national debate about this before they nuke a major city and
blame it on the Patriots. They wanna nuke the city or release a bio weapon or blow up
a federal building. I hope it's something small, hope it's nothing, and then blame us.
And so this is so paramount, this is so off the chart, this is so important, that mainstream
media, not all of them are bad. And those that still want credibility, and those that
also want subscribers and readers, cuz telling the truth also is successful.
People are running from lies quickly. So you're basically killing yourselves, the mercenaries
at CNN, the mercenaries at MSNBC, the mercenaries at Politico, the mercenaries at Media Matters,
who's publicly run by the former White House transition chief and about what, 30 something
other top Obama people.
I mean, it is the White House. And who are they attacking every week? Alex Jones, Matt
Drudge, the list goes on and on. I mean, their memo came out in Politico two years ago, and
Politico spun it and said, it's no big deal. Yeah, they call for infiltrating and sabotaging
media companies from within.
I mean, that's racketeering, folks, that's spy operations. It came out in the Daily Mail
about the military's practicing infiltrating local governments and buying them off. They're
not practicing that. I told you about that 14 years ago in Police State 2000 with video
with emergency managers and police chiefs of major cities in Texas on video with me
saying Special Forces tried to buy them off.
This is a long term program, not in drills. The cover is the drill, just like with terror
attacks. And again, it's not our military, it's criminal groups in control through the
Special Forces level that's even above the generals. You always hear, yeah, Navy SEALs
and Delta Force, even Green Berets are above the generals.
Well, yeah, cuz they now work for criminal offshore conduits that have been taken outside
of the command structure cuz they just fired what, 11 generals the last three or four months?
The head of CENTCOM, you name it, cuz they wanted to give help to the ambassador for
eight hours while Al-Qaeda hired by Obama was killing everybody.
It was the local Benghazi security force. Anyways, I'm already digressing. The point
is, is that if we have a discussion about this and it's starting to come out in Forbes
and Daily Mail and newspapers everywhere. I mean, the system is saying there are no
army drills, there are no black helicopters, there are no federal checkpoints, there are
no TSA checkpoints, there are no billion six, now two billion bullets.
There are no 2,700 strikers, armored vehicles. There are no, there are no, there are no,
there are no, there are no, there are no, there are no, there are no, there are no.
That is basically self-immolation. They have set themselves on fire to light the way for
other liars in just desperate all out hoaxes. This is like 12 hours into the Tet Offensive,
there's a full out attack by North Vietnam against the south, overrunning positions,
killing people, burning cities everywhere.
And the news is saying there is no Tet Offensive, there is no Tet Offensive, there is no Tet
Offensive. And the psych warfare chief publicly talk about this. They say it doesn't matter
if you know it's a lie. It's just meant to make you not take action and then have a debate
about the lie.
You see, because it's targeting the general dumbed down public that just goes, well, Alex
was saying they were planning this, but we don't know if it's true. Cuz you won't go
look it up on the federal purchase order website that we linked to. But what I'm saying is,
and Joseph Goebbels wrote about this, and then I read some declassified CIA stuff from
the 60s where they said, in third world countries, we can't be over the top.
As Joseph Goebbels pointed out, but also Bernays, they talk about him, he was still advising
him at that point. The problem is, is that when it's too over the top, you lose everything.
So there was an internal fight about how ridiculous to be. And what's taken the floor in the last
20 years is what Karl Rove talked about eight years ago in the New York Times. He said,
it doesn't matter if we get caught torturing and that we publicly ordered it.
We'll just say that we didn't order it, even though we publicly ordered it, because we
control reality. And he said this to the Washington Post, New York Times, and others at a cocktail
party. They were so scared of him, it took them three years to admit it was him. They
all wrote about it though, everybody knew who it was, senior White House advisor.
And he said, you'll do what you're ordered, I control reality. And even the arrogant sell
out mercenaries didn't like that. They wanna feel important and like they're controlling
reality and lying to people. They didn't like him saying, I will tell you what to say and
you will repeat it, you understand that?
And some of them got in trouble, by the way, because he's like, this is off record. But
you can't have it off record when you're bragging at a cocktail party. They said six senior
newspaper people are all around him. And he goes, you people are nothing. I'll tell you,
the sun didn't come up tomorrow and you'll believe it. Go read the quotes.
What did Robert Gibbs say? I said I'd cover the virus news. I'll do that at the bottom
of the next hour cuz it's so important. I don't do this on purpose. I'm just coming
up and I don't, I got so much here to cover. And I wanna go to your calls first the next
hour and then get to that and then get to the Alamo report and a lot of other big stuff
ahead of Max Keiser.
It's just that this is such a big deal. That's why I start hyperventilating over this. It
is such a big deal, not in a personal power trip. It's actually pretty creepy. I don't
want him to give me cancer. I don't want him to blow my head off or kill me and throw me
in a hotel room with a hooker.
I mean, I know who these people are. My best shot's to be as public as I can to put all
the info out now so there's no point in killing me and turning me into a martyr. I hope you
guys agree with that logic out there listening, the establishment. I'm not looking forward
to you killing me.
But if that happens, that's the way it is. I'm into this. I'm committed cuz I'm just
into the human species. I'm into my children's future and it's just my male instinct to defend
the truth is so over driving I can't stop.
But side issue, it's really living is what it is. The truth is what matters. I worship
the truth because who is the author of truth? God is truth. The devil is lies. And I want
the truth, the whole truth, nothing but the truth. I would rather know the horrible truth
and make preparation for it, to quote Patrick Henry, than to just be delusional.
So understand what's happening now. They've gotten to the point, they're listening right
now. They admittedly listen. The White House, their Media Matters listens, records the show
every day. They've talked about their national studies they've done on the show where they
have three people.
You can go read this in their research reports they file, how they come up with it, how many
times this website links to us, how many times I say this. They have three full time paid
people in DC. They also have a New York office, three people listening right now to take stuff
out of context and play clips on their website and tell people it's not true.
And they're sitting there, destroying their own future, drinking sodium fluoride, laughing
about it, frying their brains with cell phone radiation, eating GMO because they're delusional
that they're at the White House, they're little agents. Yeah, how do I get off into the CIA
infiltration of local government?
Whenever that Media Matters memo came out a few years ago about we're gonna infiltrate
alternative media and destroy it from within. I mean, that's criminal. But Politico was
like, isn't this cute, isn't this fun, cuz they want the White House access. And a few
weeks ago, they said one thing about Obama saying he was the puppet master.
And so for a few weeks, they were shut off from information and press conferences. And
so they groveled and came out and said there are no bullets. They actually said, Paul Watson
wrote about it and linked to their article, there are no bullets. Like the New York Times
said four years ago, they said I was in the Chantilly, Virginia Marriott Woods having
a full on hallucination, go read it, there was no Bilderberg meeting.
We force people to admit there's a Bilderberg group, the media starts to cover it, what's
the New York Times do? There is no Bilderberg, Alex Jones is completely insane. And people
read the New York Times and feel official. They're laughing at you. They're laughing,
there are no drones, there is no Bilderberg, there are no bullets, there are no armored
vehicles, the TSA. Remember the TSA three years ago, when we really pushed the big TSA
story into the big national spotlight for about three, four months?
And every day Drudge was linking the new articles we had. And they were saying we do not grope
children, we do not go in pants, we do not take you to a secondary room, we do not grope
you, we do not strip search. And then they would get caught doing it and say, okay, we
do. We do not save naked images, the scanners don't have radiation, they've been fully tested.
Congress has been given the evidence, none of that was true. Lies, lies, lies, lies,
lies, lies. Let's come back in with ministry in the next segment if we can. Lies, lies,
lies, lies, lies, lies, lies, lies, lies, lies, lies.
And the fact is, when they're attacking us, and when they are going after us, and when
they are saying we're liars, folks, they're not attacking us. It's a big deal to attack
and to give us attention. They're doing it out of total desperation, because if the public
finds out they've built over 200 FEMA camps in the civilian inmate labor camp program,
army.mil, look it up.
I just gave you the name, just type it in, five seconds, you'll have it. Civilian inmate
labor camp program, the emergency centers establishment act, the clergy response team,
the infra guard teams, read the public manuals training for total takeover. And I'm giving
you all the names here, where you can read the whole takeover plan. How do I know what's
gonna happen next?
It's all blueprinted. It's like if I had the blueprints for a house my neighbor's building,
and I'm gonna go, yes, next, honey, they're going to build the second floor balcony, and
then they're gonna put in the pool area. She's like, how do you know they're building the
balcony today? Well, I have the blueprints, next thing's that.
It's a TV guide. How do you know the Super Bowl's coming on tonight? Well, I have a TV
guide, it's online, it says it's coming on at 6 o'clock tonight. My gosh, you're so smart.
I mean, that's what's so frustrating. So they're telling you, the Super Bowl isn't coming on
on the day it's coming on.
I mean, it's happening, and they just wanna stall you, stall you, stall you. But they
wouldn't be attacking us saying this wasn't true on dozens of issues if it wasn't hurting
them. And I wanna go on hurting them, because they're hurting innocent people worldwide
and wrecking our once great republic. Stay with us.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day. If you're
listening, you know the economy is not getting better. You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared. For years, we've told you about our friends at E Foods
Direct. They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food on the planet. This food will
taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long-term food supply allows
you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most. Be prepared
and get your supply from E Foods Direct. Right now is the best time to stock up and save
hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give yourself peace of
mind and be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com slash alex. Get
free shipping on all orders for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go to efoodsdirect.com
slash alex. You can bet your life on E Foods Direct.
Is this the year you finally get serious about your family's drinking water? If so, keep
listening for a special offer from Big Berkey Water Filters. Did you know that over 60%
of municipal water is fluoridated? Berkey Water Filters distinguish themselves from
many other filtration systems with the capability to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine,
fluoride, arsenic, and disinfection byproducts from municipal water via the black Berkey
and PF line of filters. Then there's affordability. At only 1.7 cents per gallon, Berkey Water
Filters purify treated and untreated water, even stagnant pond water. Stop and think how
much money you could save by simply reducing buying bottled water and using water filtered
by your Berkey Water Filter. No need to be constantly replacing expensive filters with
a Berkey. A single set of filters can last for 5 to 10 years. Choose the best size Berkey
for your needs at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com. And right now, all GCN listeners get 5% off
all ceramic filter systems. Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY. That's 877-99-BER-KEY. Or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
Free shipping on every order over $50. Big Berkey Water Filters, for the love of clean
water. Now there's an amazing new natural antibiotic every person must have. It's Cells
Alive Silver Solution, and it destroys over 650 hard-to-kill viruses, fungus, bacteria,
and much more. Cells Alive Silver Solution has no expiration date, is great for emergency
kits and storage shelters, and comes in 8 or 16 ounce bottles. Order today at 888-910-4367.
Or visit HempUSA.org. HempUSA.org, 100% chemical free superfoods and unique health products.
We the people grow cotton, we fabric, engrave ink, embed strips and fibers to protect from
counterfeit then carting to a private bank, having it lead back at interest, forcing taxes
to service debt. This capitalism, or was Jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing
the public currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than a standing
army. Hi, Ted Anderson, I'm placing a free silver dollar in a book that explains our
monetary system. Call for your copy, 800-686-2237. It's time to understand the system. Call 800-686-2237.
That's 800-686-2237. Gentlemen, we have called you together to inform you that we are going
to overthrow the United States government. You still think that jet fuel brought down
the World Trade Center? Does anybody else see a problem here? If the government has
nothing to hide, why are they so afraid to answer a few questions? This story does not
have an answer. We're on a mission. I'm on a mission to never forget. Three thousand
people that I've never met. Infowars.com, the resistance worldwide. Lies! Lies! Lies!
I got a message last time I sang along to this that they had a ministry like that. We
need to get him back on. We need to try to do that. I know he was on tour last time,
but we tried to get him on. Let's get him back on. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so
much for joining us. Plus, he promised to come back on when 2012 would not be the end
of the world. And he's a good guy. He also ran down people that have been buying gold.
I said, what do you got all those gold teeth for? Anyways, we're going to get him back
on the broadcast. Man, I tell you, the truth is so much stranger than fiction. Speaking
of, do you still think jet fuel brought down the towers? Look at these stacks of news.
Now, I mentioned some of this yesterday. By the way, I haven't even gotten into the real
top story yet today, because I'm so used to North Korea threatening things. But I started
thinking about it last night and this morning on a metric. This is like, let's not exaggerate,
five times the amount of threats and the seriousness of threats I've ever seen. And it's Kim Jong
Un who looked more boyish because his dad had kept him at Swiss boarding schools and
things until just a few years ago. Who looked all scared and boyish just six months ago,
now has that same crazy demonic, I'm in full power.
I can order young girls strung up and killed like his dad would do. I mean, his dad did
Hellraiser type stuff on record at the Seven Story Pleasure Palace. You can look that up.
He would have planes hijacked to kidnap South Korean and Japanese film stars that would
disappear into the North Korean capital, the only place with electricity in the country
basically.
Man, the Dennis Rodman thing, I mean, his evil to get money and then the vampiric spiders
so happy to have something they thought was a celebrity to embrace and suck in. It was
truly disgusting, truly hard to watch and I think is a window into the mindset of narcissism.
And look, I was into celebrity a little bit until I was exposed to a bunch of it and found
out it was no big deal. The establishment Hollywood style celebrity, they're real people
I think are celebrities in my own mind who are activists and intelligent people, artists,
violinists, guitarists, guitar heroes.
I mean, it's people I admire, but just the all out worship of it is so disgusting. And
North Korea threatens preemptive nuclear strike as US South begin war games. They've ended
the 1950s armistice. I mean, that's off the chart. You see, that was a ceasefire in a
war that was never ended. So the war that so many of our family members fought in, like
my late uncle Leonard, it is now back on.
So I'm gonna be breaking that down. And we're gonna take your phone calls at 800-25-99231.
First time callers today, 800-25-99231. US South Korea begin military exercises North
ends armistice and threatens to preemptively nuke the United States. And thanks to Clinton
and Donald Rumsfeld, they both work together. They were given missiles that can deliver
the systems under Laura Allen Hughes.
This is GCN, the Genesis Communications Radio Network.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day. If you're
listening, you know the economy is not getting better. You know gas and food prices are sky
rocketing. Now is the time to get prepared. For years we've told you about our friends
at E Foods Direct. They have the best tasting long term storeable food on the planet. This
food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long term food supply
allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most. Be prepared
and get your supply from E Foods Direct. Right now is the best time to stock up and save
hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give yourself peace of
mind and be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com slash Alex. Get
free shipping on all orders for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go to efoodsdirect.com
slash Alex. You can bet your life on E Foods Direct.
Waging war on corruption. Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Big brother. Mainstream media. Government cover ups. You want answers? Well so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Alright folks, Max Keiser on what he believes is going to be a financial implosion by late
April is going to be joining us. He's going to cover Bitcoin a lot more in the next hour.
I've got a ton of news, special reports this hour, but I promise to take some calls right
up front. I'm going to rant because I've got more I want to say a little bit in the next
segment about Dennis Rodman because I've been out of town for a week and I haven't really
talked about this. The incredibly disgusting spectacle, a little bit in the next segment
and tie it into North Korea threatening to nuke the United States. Now the armistice,
which was a cease fire, has ended. So there's a state of war between the United States and
South Korea versus North Korea. I mean, this is a big deal. You've got an insane little
demon running North Korea. And as bad as the globalist are, and they are bad, this guy's
what they wish they were. I mean, these guys can't even get their cars to work. But they've
got a big military to threaten people. I mean, what a joke. That's one of the few countries
that did a total roll in and carpet bombing of the government would really be a nice thing.
I mean, nothing could be as bad. Nothing could be as bad. I mean, I can look in the eyes
of their government officials, all crazed and weird sycophantic mental illness and then
some toddling little third generation dictator moron hugging some burnout nobody. I was actually
in Los Angeles one time. I'm not going to even tell the story. It doesn't even matter.
Dennis Rodman is a complete joke. No one even wants to be around him. Bankrupted, that's
a bad thing in and of itself. It's just an idiot. And it just shows how disconnected
North Korea is. Man, I tell you, they say Kim Jong-un is just obsessed with Hollywood
and that's all he does is read Hollywood magazines and watch TV all day. I mean, what an obscenity.
I mean, I would just love, love to get in a room with that guy. I mean, I would just
love it. Wouldn't you love? Because I'm not somebody that dreams about beating the hell
out of people, but I would love. Just let me punch him two or three times. I guarantee
you.
I'm not going to fantasize here. Can you imagine an uppercut to that nose, full power? I mean,
just give it absolute caveman swing. The nose would completely be off the nose. It'd be
a big gaping black hole of blood spraying out. And then right into those teeth, bam.
And then just slam that head on the ground. Can you imagine that bouncing like a basketball?
I mean, I'm sorry. I mean, I got to admit, I look at that tyrant and I have fantasies.
You know, all the people they string up and torture and all the kids and women because
reportedly they're into women. That's what him and his daddy reportedly into torturing
them to death. And then it's all cute for Dennis Rodman.
Look at the other sycophant. Who's that weirdo? I've seen that some comedian or something.
Who's the other guy up there in the middle? Who's that guy? The other black guy above
the crazy psychopath below him. Who is that guy? I know that guy. I've seen him. I mean,
just just it's just I've never, this is like hell or something.
And just look at the smile on Kim Jong Un's face. I mean, let's wipe that off your face,
you little ferret, you little gerbil. Oh, man, get it off screen. Get it off. I'm going
to rant in the next segment. I said I'd take calls this segment. I didn't. I'll just come
back and talk about it. I'll go to your calls.
I have an instinct to want to put bad people down. And I don't do that to sound tough or
whatever. I have a problem just being honest how I feel and looking at that punches my
buttons really, really bad. It punches my buttons really, really bad. And I love the
fact Dennis Rodman was thrown out of a bar.
I mean, that guy. Let me tell you, man, it'd be one thing if he went and was very solemn
and it was actually an ambassador. It'd still be a joke and said, what you're doing is wrong
and everything. Then I would say, wow, the guy actually did something. Instead, he went
and groveled and said he was a great guy and all this when the guys, him and his family
have like 10 million people's blood on their hands.
And I've read about the confirmed reports about how the lower half class are put in
pins as animals and their kids are taken and sent to another camp so there's no family.
And the things they do in the medical experiments and all of it, the dehumanization, I think
of the millions of and the fact that when you look at their officers, they all have
the same demonic look in their eye of just craven death worship. And I just absolutely
want to annihilate them. Don't you? Now that we have moved into the winter season,
there is an increased need to support our immunity and health. At Silver Lungs, we are
committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection of silver based products.
Our most popular silver based products are the 32 ounce nano silver solutions, our two
ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well as our all natural silver soaps. Just released
is our 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents,
which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface. But rather, we have formulated
our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate
and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more effectively. Visit www.silverlungs.com
and click on our store page to find what silver based products are best for you. That's www.silverlungs.com.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions
are stockpiling food, gold and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you
for a medical emergency. Supernatural silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective
against bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural silver
has over 500 different uses and a long term shelf life, making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared, go to www.supernaturalsilver.com. Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your
entire order and like us on Facebook. You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your
arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for
intruders? Check out Simply Safe. It's a new do it yourself home security system that is
completely wireless. Go to www.getsimplysafe.com. Simply Safe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely
customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed.
www.getsimplysafe.com. Simply Safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under
20 minutes. So there's no need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate,
you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home but Simply
Safe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Again, that's
www.getsimplysafe.com.
Big Brother, Mainstream Media, Government Cover-Ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
There's a new article that just went up minutes ago at info-wars.com and prisonplanet.com.
It's titled, The Police Will Protect You, So Turn In Your Guns. And the Veritas Project,
folks that brought down Acorn, we're going to get them back on this week, they've gone
around to police stations all over the country and gone in in pro-tyranny areas, anti-gun
areas.
And they've actually gone in there and said, should I be able to have a gun? The police
openly say no, no one should be allowed to have a gun except the police. You need to
get a dog. The same thing that Michael Moore told Luke Rudowski of We Are Change. In fact,
you probably should tell Kurt in his article to add a link to that particular We Are Change
video because this is a meme.
Get a dog. Somebody in Tinton home invading is gonna kill your dog. And the idea that
we don't have a right to protect ourselves and that the police are gonna do it when they
have no statutory directive to do it. I mean, there are some common law failure to render
aid, but the cops have exempted themselves even from that, to where they're saying they
don't have a compulsion to protect you, but I can't protect myself.
I mean, if I lived in Chicago or New York, you better believe I'd have a gun. I mean,
I'm a pretty big guy and I've had people try to shake me down on the New York subway just
to see if I'd be scared and give them my watch. And I was like, are you really joking, guys?
I was there with a couple other people that we actually got in a fight on the New York
subway. I let the guy push me cuz I didn't wanna go to jail. It was like three in the
morning when we were coming back, big guy.
And Rob Jacobson's not that big, ran up and pushed the guy really hard and said, come
on. I was just like, let's get out of here. But again, I'm starting to have flashbacks
to stuff in New York. That was like during the RNC in 2004. Time certainly flies late
at night after being out on the bay doing some video shooting.
But before I go to your phone calls and the toll free number to join us when the line
is open, first time callers 800-25-99231. Let me run over some of the headlines here.
First off, North Korea is constantly threatening to annihilate America and attack South Korea
and the rest of it. It is the ultimate example of why big government's bad and why state
planning destroys things.
More than 10 million estimated North Koreans have died since the armistice back in the
1950s, 1953. The war never ended. There was a ceasefire, or to use the European term an
armistice. And they have had a ceasefire there with the DMZ. They have abolished the armistice
as of yesterday.
They announced they'd do it Friday and said we may preemptively launch an ICBM, which
they have, thanks to Laura Allen Hughes and helping them get the reactors. The head of
ABB at the time was Donald Rumsfeld and Clinton authorized it. So bipartisan, Rumsfeld's involved
in getting Aspartame approved. Rumsfeld is involved in Monsanto and the Terminator gene.
I mean, it's like he's the devil. There's a poof of white smoke and there's Donald Rumsfeld
there.
But the point is, is that that's why they now have this and have missiles that keep
blowing up the launch pad. Let me tell you folks, I've watched how they've blown up.
They've clearly got space-based and aircraft-based lasers that can shoot from hundreds of miles
away and blow those things up. They are blowing them up. And then that's why the White House
came out on Saturday and said we can shoot down those missiles.
Yeah, no kidding. I mean, they had 30 years ago DC-10s with giant chemical lasers, the
entire length of the jet aircraft that are like Star Wars. I mean, particle beam, you're
going. Shoot right through armor, you name it, very powerful. Regular laser would just
bounce off of its particle beam.
A chemical laser with a cyclotron in it, a small superconducting supercollider, and then
it's like a rail gun, but it's small particles and it heats up. The reason I know is, of
all people, my dad got a grant in high school to build a primitive particle beam. They were
handing out things like that then.
He was top of his class and he built a small particle laser and was blowing stuff up in
the backyard. I can't believe I'm saying this. It sounds so crazy. It's actually true. And
he didn't wear the proper safety glasses. He had welding glasses on, wasn't enough.
Particles went in and his eyes got burned. He was blind for about three weeks, had to
wear bandages. They didn't know he'd have his eyesight back. And his eyes went from
blue to green, but it's really burns. It burned the front of his eye. And he has yellow burns
on his eye, but I don't know why I'm telling that story now.
Okay, anyways, I'm gonna do a special on lasers very soon. Believe me, it's gonna be a viral
video. This has been done for months. I've got to finish it up. And when we shot the
video of the lasers, I'm just gonna leave it at that. I like to have fun. But let me
get back to North Korea. Here's Paul Craig Roberts' article dealing with trying to start
war in the Middle East with people that aren't starting it and putting Al-Qaeda in Libya
and Syria and all these areas.
He's got starting Armageddon in the face, but hiding it with official lies. That's right.
It's all about doing it publicly, but then openly denying it, just to condition you to
accept pure lies and then not even know what's true unless you spend time to actually ferret
it out. And then you just try to talk to the cattle out there who think it's cool, who
wear their ignorance like an armor they don't wanna know.
And so here it is. North Korea threatens preemptive nuclear strike on US. South begin war games.
South Korea and US begin military drills as North Korea threatens war. That's today, AP.
North Korea cuts hotline with South, threatens nuclear strike as war games begin. And let
me tell you, Kim Jong-un is actually in command.
And when you look at how mentally ill his generals are, wearing stuff that looks like
suits from 100 years ago and driving 57 Chevys around and weirdos crying for two days straight
when Kim Jong-il dies. I mean, this is megalomania. I mean, Hitler turned into Russia who'd never
been beaten and went and fought numbers of five, six to one when he was already losing
in the West.
He got delusional. And the Germans were about 100 times less delusional, historically, and
thought they might be able to win and lost millions of soldiers, by the way, and had
a more high tech military. North Korea's got a bunch of artillery, some old tanks, and
a bunch of brainwashed people that'll do whatever they're told.
But it's over, folks. North Korea actually starts something. And see, most groups like
Iran may even be playing a double game with the globalist. We know in Iran-Contra, they
made deals with Reagan and others. And Chavez, there was some double gaming going on. But
with North Korea, I've analyzed it, China keeps them on a leash, but not a very short
one.
And I mean, they're a real wild card. And it's always been said by analysts that I agree
with, like Joel Skousen, let's get Joel Skousen on. Let's get Joel Skousen on tomorrow if
we can, that North Korea will be the trigger for the big one. And what was Lindsey Williams
told three years ago, he goes, don't worry about Middle East. They're gonna start a big
war, use riots and things to take that down, and that came true.
He has a Bilderberg level source. I don't even know who it is, can't say the name, obviously.
But look for North Korea, that's the big one. And right as the global financial collapse
is about to accelerate, I mean, I'm not saying this is gonna happen, but this is getting
close, with them ending the armistice, ending the ceasefire.
And now I briefly, before I go to your calls, wanna talk about the spectacle of Kim Jong-un,
the third generation dictator, where there's only power and a few military bases around
the country and the main city. And they've got high tech CAT scanners and the best equipment
and Colby beef flown in from Japan, and high priced hookers flown in constantly for them.
And even B movie stars flown in from Japan, South Korea, and the US to service the every
whim of Kim Jong-il, and now his son, who showed up whenever he took over the throne.
That's what it is, it's royalty. That's why royalty is so despicable. A couple more generations,
they will be wearing crowns.
They show up over there. And when he first got in there six, seven months ago, was it
a year ago his dad died? Time flies. And he was all shell shocked, looked like a little
kid who'd been living in Switzerland, who was fascinated with basketball, the NBA, and
movies.
He was like this wide eyed, the new Supreme Commander. And now he has that demonic look.
And I watched the video, you all saw it a week ago, I was out of town, Dennis Rodman
hugging him and them hugging. And Kim Jong-un's a great guy, and it's so much fun. And the
sycophanticness of a burnout nobody celebrity getting all this enjoyment and fame off of
this infamy.
And Kim Jong-un hugging him and all the sycophants around them and the gibbering and the evil
and people playing basketball where if you don't do a good job, you're sent to a death
camp. And Rodman defending that and saying he's a wonderful person. And all the psychos,
vampires that are starved on their own defeated people, seeing a fake celebrity there to visit
them in their kingdom of shame is so disgusting and it gets worse.
Look at how Kim Jong-un operates. Threatening to nuke everyone, threatening to kill everyone,
just like the globalist. Do what we say or Al-Qaeda will blow up America. Big sis ought
to marry Kim Jong-un. She was just saying last week terrorists will attack if you don't
give us unlimited Homeland Security funding. Holder, give us the guns or more kids will
die.
We know you got wind up toys doing these shootings, buddy. They're all under government psychiatric
care. One of them was Air Force run in Colorado. I mean, we know you're using terror to keep
us under control as well. You just had a richer, more powerful nation to suck off of. And you've
taken our wealth and destroyed it, but you use the same system of control.
And you will debase us down to North Korea level because it's not just about you having
all the power. It's about you watching us suffer. That's why you want us dependent and
under your control because you're the same diseased, rotting, ugly, demonic filth. Look
at big sis. Look at Obama. Look at all these people. And they're just mercenaries for the
bankers.
Look at the top bankers. They are ugly, unhappy, wicked, turned over to evil people who themselves
go to celebrity banquets constantly to sit up there like peacocks and be worshiped. They
are empty, soulless, fallen, cancerous people who took over because they're anti-human and
don't follow the regular codes that we do.
And that doesn't make them strong. It makes them degenerate. And I'm telling you, if I
ever see Dennis Rodman, I'm getting in his face. And I just get nauseous, nauseous seeing
Kim Jong Il. But they're an expression of what all mega tyrants become, of what all
big government and big corporations creates, the unaccountability, the thuggish mafia
behavior.
And I swear, eternal resistance against all of these scum. We'll be back with your calls.
Nothing is more American than diamond gusset jeans, 100% American made since 1987. Soft
and broken in from the start, yet more rugged and durable than any gene you've ever worn.
Have you ever experienced mis-sized jeans from China? Well, you won't with diamond gusset.
Every pair is crafted to fit exactly the same and always feel like they were custom made.
Need a 35, 37 or 39 waist? How about a 31 inseam? We keep all sizes in stock for the
fit you need. Looking for a relaxed fit, slim fit, regular fit, boot cut or straight leg?
We got you covered. Buy the world's best fitting jeans at gusset.com or call 1-888-8GUSSET.
Get free gusset targets for the next time you go to the shooting range with the purchase
of their new ranger jeans. Use code comfort when ordering to receive free shipping and
all gusset orders at gusset.com. That's gusset.com to get only the best all American jeans. We've
lived in this neighborhood for years. We have an alarm system and all of our doors have
dead bolts. They kicked in our door and were in and out of our house in about five minutes.
The police arrived in about 20 minutes but they were long gone with our TV, jewelry and
my guns. I kept thinking, what if my family had been home? The police officer said that
more than 85% of break-ins are through a door and that dead bolts alone don't stop intruders.
The officer told me to go to easyarmor.net if we wanted something that would actually
stop an intruder. Easy Armor reinforces all of the weak points on your doors and is guaranteed
to prevent kick-ins. I was surprised at how little Easy Armor costs and I installed Easy
Armor in about 30 minutes. Visit easyarmor.net. That's the letters E-Z-A-R-M-O-R.net or call
888-58-ARMOR. That's 888-582-7667. Easyarmor.net, ultimate door security made easy.
Nagging constipation, hemorrhoids or painful bowel movements? Have you considered your
toilet posture? The colon needs proper alignment for faster, more effective elimination and
that's exactly what you'll get with a Squatty Potty. Not a cleanse or a pill, the Squatty
Potty is a healthy step in the right direction, is doctor recommended and starts at just $34.95.
Call 855-628-1099 or go to squattypotty.com. Spelled S-Q-U-A-T-T-Y potty.com. Squatty Potty.
Healthy colon, happy life. Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered
why banks, stock workers, investment advisors won't talk about gold IRAs? They've been
available since 1986, yet the financial industry won't recognize the value of gold for your
retirement. Gold has outperformed paper investments, yet no word about IRAs. If you would like
to have gold for your retirement, call 800-686-2237. Don't get left behind by rising inflation
and low returns, call 800-686-2237. Secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
Hey there, my name is Frank Bates. Do you know the number one most valuable item in
a crisis? Some people think the answer is gold, others think it's a gun, but the correct
answer will shock you. I just created a free video at crisis123.com that reveals a surprising
item that is more valuable than gold in a crisis. 97% of Americans don't have this
one critical item. In fact, they haven't even given it a thought. And the sad truth
is that you may not survive without it when a real crisis hits and a starving mob is right
outside your door. What I have to tell you could literally make the difference between
life and death for you and your family. Watch my video at crisis123.com to discover the
number one most valuable item in a crisis. You'll be shocked. See the controversial video
that thousands of other smart patriots have already seen in the last three months. Go
watch my video now at crisis123.com before they force me to shut it down. Again, that's
crisis123.com.
By the way, they have different types of extreme tourism, shock tourism, where tens of thousands
of Americans and Europeans go to North Korea every year and they post the videos online
and it's to make fun of the starving people and to get into all the evil and to pose with
the soldiers. Yeah, there's war tourism and it's a big thing with yuppies and trendies.
Another thing is people with beards. Every guy's got a big beard and they act goofy and
they make jokes. The archetype is like the guy in that new viral Oreo ad where you're
into the tyranny, you're into it being a joke.
And that's what they're saying about Dennis Rodman. It's funny, it's cute. Look at Kim
Jung-un, he's a joke. You go to the comedy stores or costume stores and there's Kim Jung-il
tongue cleaners. It's all funny, him chasing young girls on the beach. That'd be like making
jokes out of Hitler, which they now do about it.
It's funny and Holocaust jokes and communist jokes. They have Mao Tse Tung restaurants
where the trendies go. He killed 80 plus million people. They debate 60 something million to
84 million. The State Department and CIA say 60 something million, they put him in, they
should know. The Chinese say 80 something million, look it up.
And it's all a big joke. Yeah, there's a new one, 42% of Oscarians think Hitler rule wasn't
all bad. How about your country getting bombed and invaded, how was that? 20 million Germans
died in that war, only 2 million of the soldiers. Didn't go too good for them either. And again,
things are so decadent now. Yesterday I walked out of a restaurant.
I went and had a meeting with one of my IT guys after the Sunday show. We had to have
a meeting about some architecture purchases we're gonna make here in the IT architecture.
And I'm walking out, it's sunset at about 7.15. And there's a big giant cell tower right
there at the restaurant, behind it next to some office buildings, or actually on top
of it. And there was signs about don't get close, it says radiation.
So I'm shooting a video going, notice they say that it's dangerous, but then if you tell
people cell phones will give them cancer, they think you're a kook. And some woman is
in a car parked about 10 feet away, she starts laughing. So I turned the camera off, the
iPhone off, turn around and I go, hey, what's going on?
And she's laughing going, what are you talking about laughing at me? Cuz she heard me talking
about cancer. And I went, nothing, it's all funny, isn't it? She didn't like that, her
boyfriend didn't like it. And I could tell, they were laughing at us aggressively. They
were laughing to mess up the video shot.
They were like, what are you talking about, huh? What? Cuz if she'd have been laughing
just cuz she was uncomfortable, I would have explained it to her. She was like, huh, what
are you? I mean, what are you? And I was like, no, everything's fine, nothing, nothing, it's
good for you.
Government loves you, and she went, huh? And then started her car and drove off. So I shot
another video that you can see that's up at infowars.com that has a nice title for everybody.
Dial R for radiation. Alex Jones discovers the wondrous new vitamin R for radiation.
That's up at prisonplanet.com and infowars.com. It's a little short video, but that's the
spirit of it. Because everything's been given to them. They're living on the carcass of
the richest, greatest country ever. That hardcore, vicious, smart, aggressive, the most inventive,
the most trailblazing.
Everybody came here through incredible hardship. I don't care what color you were, whether
you were Chinese, black, white, you name it. Super hard continent, wars, you name it. Building
a continent and a civilization out of nothing. The pinnacle of power, strength, ruggedness,
piracy, criminality, Christ-likeness, everything that was here. The good, the bad and the ugly,
this was it.
And now there's the soft nothings who just think it's funny to laugh at Death and Destruction
and Dennis Rodman hanging out with a mass murdering scumbag. Who isn't even a mass murdering
scumbag like his grandfather, who actually took power, was in a big war, killed a bunch
of people and set up a cult for himself.
That guy I don't like, but I can respect him. Then there's his pathetic son and all the
horrible things he did. And then this guy, that's the cherry on top is that it's a soft,
weak, pudgy hand person who's never been in a fistfight. Never had to get a paycheck,
never gone hungry, and now gets to strut around with people worshiping him like God.
They say the sun comes up because of him and the birds sing, actually say that. And that
the magic lights are seen around him by a horrible tyranny that has the people literally
worshiping him. And then I have to see people making jokes about him and now I've gone off
into the Netherland ranting about this.
It fundamentally freaks me out and is the greatest poster child for everything I've
ever talked about. With this cult of the state and the people that want to become something
through the state. And as the state gets bigger, they will ascend. No, you will wreck everything.
And people that say the state created civilization. No, the state is the managers of civilization
that end up being the farmers on us, the slaves on the plantation. And I want a worldwide
revolt of humanity against the technocrats. I want true liberta.
Here on the march, the empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day. If you're
listening, you know the economy is not getting better. You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared. For years, we've told you about our friends at eFoods
Direct. They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food on the planet. This food will
taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long-term food supply allows
you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most. Be prepared
and get your supply from eFoods Direct. Right now is the best time to stock up and save
hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give yourself peace of
mind and be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex. Get
free shipping on all orders for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com
slash Alex. You can bet your life on eFoods Direct. If you want an American company with
American products made by Americans, here is the Cal-Bend Soap Company. Alex and his
staff have used these pure soap products for years. These all-natural soaps are made from
the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth friendly and safe. See
them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Buy the one to two month
sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what you're using now or save big
with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing
deal. You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you
feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Devastating
events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial law have
highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions are
stockpiling food, gold and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of your
loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a
medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective
against bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver
has over 500 different uses and a long term shelf life, making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared, go to SupernaturalSilver.com. Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your
entire order and like us on Facebook. The answer to 1984 is 1776. You're listening to
The Alex Jones Show. Hard to turn that off. We are back live, ladies and gentlemen, trying
to ignite the human spirit that refuses to submit to tyranny. Lighting the brush fires
of freedom worldwide. I am your host, Alex Jones. I want to go to some of your phone
calls and I've got to get into this cancer news. What the globalists are striving for
some pretty amazing information that I haven't covered probably in a decade. There's so many
times that I'll mention something. I'll remember I haven't talked about it in ages because
years go by so quickly, at least they do for me. But everybody I talked to says things
are accelerating. But North Korea has cut its hotline for the first time in 50 years
or more since 53. It's almost 60 years or is 60 years and is threatening nuclear attack
on the US or its neighbors and they can hit Japan very easily.
They can also hit California. It's a question of would the missile actually go into orbit
and come back down and they're gonna have to keep DC-10s in the area circling to shoot
that sucker down. They use again particle beams to do it. Directed energy weapons. Man,
I tell you. Just insane times to be alive. Just totally insane. And again, who's threatening
this?
One scumbag tyrant against another group of tyrants that have taken over our country.
And if you are worried about your safety, get a dog.
Can we play that one more time? That took my breath away. That's the one, the only job
of the hud on our show premiering here.
And if you are worried about your safety, get a dog.
Yeah, and I asked the guys for that clip earlier if you just joined us. M4wars.com, prisonbloodit.com,
top story. The police will protect you, so turn in your gun. And he's got all these links
to articles and videos of the police and other people saying that you don't need a gun, get
a dog, and that the police will protect you.
You guys give that clip to Kurt or show him where it is online and also get him to add
the Veritas video that we were playing on the nightly news last week where the cops
in station after station are like, get a dog. No, you don't need a gun. Yes, I will come
and take your guns. And it was all eastern cities fully controlled by the globalists.
They're full of great people, but I mean, man, they're really hiring the next wave of
police cuz most cops are pro gun cuz they're around guns.
They know guns make crime go down. They know criminals are gonna have guns anyways, and
they tend to be more libertarian or constitutionalist. You can call them conservative, paleo conservative,
but not in Chicago, not in New York, and that's an oversimplification obviously, not in places
they control.
I mean, it's scary to know they will come for our guns and they are the future. Under
federalization of police, they are just taking departments over everywhere and putting a
bunch of nanny state weirdos in who have that same control freak look in their eye that
I see in the North Korean leadership's eye.
You all know the look of a craze nut of a control freak nobody who wouldn't have been
anything in their life and who's so insecure about their powerlessness that they overcompensate
by acting like total jerks. And it just punches my buttons around those people. I just turned
like a wild gorilla or something and I'm like, don't you try to dominate me.
And see, that's the problem. Those of us that are strong, those of us that are dominant,
we don't like to act dominant because we're naturally dominant. Dominant just wants to
protect people, be strong, build things. We like cool people. We like successful people.
We like success. And then there's always scum trying to gang up on us and feed off of us
and I've had enough of it.
So North Korean leadership and Obama's people and all of you, just go back to hell where
you came from. I see what you are, a bunch of ugly chicken neck scum, pathetic trash
who wanna walk around on red carpets and land in big jet airplanes and have us all live
in awe of you.
The way to bring down the new world order is just to hate these people and to spit when
you see them and to laugh at them and to know they're a bunch of North Korean trash. They
are, they're a bunch of North Korean wannabes. All right, I said I'd take your calls. I said
I'd get into the cancer news. I got Max Keiser coming up.
I've got all this other news as well. Man, the economy news we're gonna cover in the
next hour. We got David Knight's piece. How long is that? I know it's excellent. All right,
get it ready. I'm gonna take calls quickly. Just have your point ready. I'll go to the
next person. I appreciate you calling in.
Jody in Pennsylvania, you're on the air. Welcome.
Thank you. I'm having a call in on this North Korean wonderful piece of work.
Isn't he handsome?
Yes, I'm along with you there. I think we ought to take him and Dennis Rodman and put
him in a room with no windows, lock the door, and both of us go in there with baseball bats
and lay about freely.
Well, no, we don't wanna call for any violence against Dennis Rodman, a burnout, reported
drug addict, just pathetic ringwraith. But I mean, Kim Jong-un is a demon.
Yeah, just say I'm upset once then and then just go to the Korean.
Whatever demonic angel Satan has over North Korea, it's probably Satan himself. Whatever
principality the Bible says has a certain demon over each city, cuz the devil has his
top angels.
Whatever one is there, infest the leader. Cuz I'm telling you, his son is now possessed.
He has the same demonic look, a jack-o-lantern look that the other leaders have. I'm serious,
look at it. He is possessed.
I saw the report last week when they first announced that North Korea was planning a
preemptive against the United States. And I just got to thinking about it cuz I just
watched Strategic Relocation, and Joel Skousen had said something about a nuclear attack.
Now with this coming out in public news, do you think it might be possible that we could
be seeing that as a false flag and get hit and it not necessarily be there?
Absolutely, North Korea is the only, they call it the Herman Empire, and I've done deep
analysis. North Korea is its own Looney Tunes, and it's not just Intel and years of study.
I can look at those people, they are just in another world driving around in 57 Chevys
and they can't even tie their shoelaces.
They sell, this was even in Vanity Fair, confirmed the only meat for sale for the small middle
class is dead babies and dead people. And that's what they serve is human flesh. It's
just total cuckoo land. I mean, look at those generals I'm showing on TV right now. I mean,
that is just, and I understand why the yuppies think it's funny, but it isn't funny.
There's millions of people held captive by them that are being fed on by them right now.
That's why I start talking about making sick jokes about it cuz it makes me sick too. It
makes me sick. Just get it off the screen, get it off, get it off. Seriously, I can't
handle it anymore. God bless you, ma'am, I appreciate your call.
I mean, it's just look at all those little soft toadies. I've seen it a million times
in government. And notice all the police chiefs that are up there saying ban guns and the
Congress people, they all have that weird softness to them. All the police chiefs and
sheriffs that are out there pro gun and anti tyranny, they all look really tough and mean
and they've got light in their eyes because they have an instinct to want to actually
help people.
People always looks like little soft people. I'm so sick of them. I'm sick of them ruling
over this. I'm tired of it. It's backwards. Going back thousands of years ago, scum started
getting together to dominate the strong and make us their slaves. That's how this works
and I'm sick of it.
And if you stop bending over, it won't ever get to this point. Let's go to another call
here. Let's talk to Scott in California, says is a ammo manufacturer. You have an article
about that. Almost every ammo manufacturer, they're estimating over 90% are now officially
sold out.
I talked to a major distributor, one of the biggest in the country. He's looking around
for ammo two weeks ago and he said by April, they're going to be sold out nationwide and
guns. Then I talked to another gun dealer, was told the same thing. I'm sorry, go ahead.
Hey Alex, thanks for taking my call.
You bet.
I waited all last week because I wanted to bring this to you personally. We're a small
ammunition manufacturer and we would like to make a pledge to the American people and
that pledges that we will sell our ammo to civilians first and I'm seeing this all over
the place is that one of the big reasons that ammunition is so hard to get is that all the
manufacturers are fulfilling law enforcement and government and military contracts first.
Let me tell you what's happening. I mean, I agree. This is a total victory here. This
is the blueprint for total victory all over the country. It was like five, then it was
10.
I saw an article last night where it's over 50 major manufacturers and that's most of
them are now saying they're not going to sell to the feds or any other municipalities for
victim disarmament for the citizens and they're looking to see if that municipality is pro
gun and I agree. They should only sell to citizens and municipalities that are pro gun
and show our real muscle before they shut us down with a industry boycott.
See, they're trying to bankrupt the gun industry with lawsuits and stuff. It's time for the
gun industry to bankrupt them. You've got to fight fire with fire. Go ahead, sir.
Yeah, so I want to throw down the gauntlet to all the other manufacturers. Now I understand
there's the police loophole.com website with firearm manufacturers who are saying they
won't sell guns to municipalities or the like that they aren't allowed to sell to the people
and that's a good start.
But what good are guns without ammunition? And what we have to have is all the ammunition
manufacturers step up and say we are going to fill civilian orders first, not last.
And let me tell the listeners, you can confirm this and tell us about your company if you
want, because I want to check it out. I believe you, but I want to verify it as well. And
I'm also a capitalist, maybe become a sponsor, not that you need any sponsorship, I'm sure.
They have under EPA regulations past 20 years ago, but implemented last year, they always
grandfathered it. They're shutting down all the lead mines in the US, so they're having
to go get it out of aircraft and stuff.
The only place that has big lead mines we're allowed to get it from is China. And they're
talking about an embargo now, because they called for us to have our guns taken where
we can't get the lead. Go ahead.
Right, I believe it. The primary source for our bullets is we're using copper bullets,
so hopefully that won't impact us too much. Am I allowed to mention my company's ammo?
Yeah, yeah, mention it. I want some ammo, though.
All right. We're Monolithic Munitions. Our website is monolithicmunitions.com. And we're
very small manufacturer.
How much do you produce a month?
We're about 5,000 to 10,000 rounds a month at this point.
I love it, though. We need all sorts. See, listen, them shutting it down and buying 2
billion rounds to dry it up and doing all this is only making all these small manufacturers
open up. And then there's all these small gun manufacturers opening up. I just love
it. I just love supply and demand.
We're gonna stomp their butt in the ground. Listen, I gotta jump, brother. Send an email
to showtipsatinfoawars.com. We'd like to talk to you more, God bless. Okay, I'm gonna stop
right there. This next report tells it all, and I'm gonna come back with your calls.
This next report tells it all. CBS News went out and did a report, but they said, Pamplin
ordinance not enforced during South by Southwest. The city's claiming you can't hand out literature
anywhere in the city. That's a total fraud. When the police were put on the spot, they
refused to enforce it after we made a big stink out of it.
And this just shows the incredible tyranny that's going on. And then they said we couldn't
have bumper stickers on our car. So that shows how far they wanna take all this. Here is
David Knight's report. What is your line in the sand?
March 6th, 1836, the battle for the Alamo. 177 years ago, we still remember and celebrate
their bravery. But what did they die for? It wasn't Anglo versus Mexican. It was people
of every tongue, tribe and race standing against tyranny. They could have gone along quietly.
They could have surrendered and surrendered their freedoms, but they didn't. They drew
their line in the sand and said we'll die before we give up our freedoms. Well, Colonel
Travis drew a line in the sand at the Alamo, and 60 years before the Alamo, the founders
of this country drew the line at a small tax on tea. Where do you draw the line on tyranny?
As I returned to Austin, I found that like cities all over America, corporatists were
trying to deny basic freedoms by intimidation. South by Southwest is big business here in
Austin. It's a huge industry show for music, film and interactive media. And they seem
to think they own Austin for that week. As Infowars is handing out our monthly magazine
for free, South by Southwest got some Austin police officers to issue warnings, then tickets
when we wouldn't stop. But there is no ordinance against handing out free information on public
streets, whether or not South by Southwest is in town.
Well, I had my car parked there with some banners on the side, and that was illegal.
So they told me they were going to give me a ticket and I was going to get in trouble
just because I had my banners there. I had some magazines in front of the car. So it
is true. We had to hassle with it.
They told you they couldn't hand them out. We got a ticket.
Yeah, and then this cop, he was giving out warnings to everybody, even people that weren't
giving away free logs. Yeah, they got tickets as well. They actually, this guy wasn't harassing
us. He was saying that we can't give away more magazines because we are not a sponsor
of South by Southwest.
Did you hear that now, South by Southwest people saying the cops are harasses because
the cops are now behaving like they should know the Constitution. They're now having
people come up and harass us saying you can't on city streets hand a magazine out because
you're not South by Southwest. They now say they own Austin. Does the Chronicle own Austin?
Because nothing stops people that aren't backing down. Nothing stops people that are
willing to die. Nothing stops 1776. Nothing stops it. You got that scum? Nothing.
I'll close with this. The words for V for Vendetta. Flesh and blood, it dies. It's not
bulletproof. But ideas, ideas are bulletproof. You got that? I'm bulletproof. Forever.
We're all bulletproof when we stand in the light and stand for liberty. And only you
pirates can go straight to hell. I salute all of you that came out here to stand against
these straw men, to stand against these thugs, to stand against these control freaks that
thought they'd come here with their trendy Hollywood mafia crap. And tell us they wrote
our lives. They don't write everything. Liberty or death. Liberty or death. Liberty or death.
Take all the listeners that came down here in a flash protest. You folks are awesome.
And I know I keep saying that, but it is so humbling to sit here and talk to you. I want
to say this. I salute you, those that actually are in a trance and they're awake and understand
what's happening. You are the founders of the new republic. The globalist authority
taken over the old republic. And we will restore the great republic again. And as the
pirates try to oppress the people that will only make more of us awaken. The answer to
1984 is 1776. The answer to 1984 is 1776. 1776. 1776.
All right, great job to Cari Jackson and David Knight. David Knight put that together at
his house on his own computer, working over the weekend to get the information out. We're
going to come back with more calls and then I guess I'll have to go into overdrive or
something. You know what? I promise to get to the cancer news. Let me cover a big secret
next, then I'll take some calls. Then we'll get Max Keiser's coming on. But Zachary and
others, your calls are coming up. Again, I'm Alex Jones. You're listening to the Infowars
worldwide radio transmission for liberty. Please stand by.
We'll have you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from e Foods Direct. Right now is the best time to stock
up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give yourself
peace of mind and be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com
slash Alex. Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go
to efoodsdirect.com slash Alex. You can bet your life on e Foods Direct. Hey everybody,
Ty Bollinger here. Once again, real life, real stories. And he discovered Carnivora,
was so thrilled with the product that he shared it with his family and his friends and his
patients. My dad was a family physician. He was a medical doctor. Almost all the symptoms
were either diminished or gone. Amazing product, amazing results. It's like an amazing thing
having such a profound change in how I feel and knowing that it was the Carnivora that
did it. And a lot of patients got better ranging from immune dysfunction to allergies and infection.
Here's the toll free telephone number to call to access the Carnivora telecast at
carnivora.com on Tuesday, March 12th, 8 p.m. Eastern Time. Call 1-888-694-9666. That's 1-888-694-9666.
Once again, 1-888-694-9666. Visit c-a-r-n-i-v-o-r-a dot com or call 1-866-VenusFly to order now.
We travel so much and having a fake TV, it gives added peace of mind. Burglars look for
houses that appear to be easy targets, but fake TV can fool even professional burglars
into thinking someone is home watching television. As a recent widow living alone, it gives me
great peace of mind to set my fake TV near a window and know that passing motorists and
pedestrians will think someone is home watching TV when I'm actually away from home. Fake
TV easily plugs into any outlet just like a light on a timer. And they're so easy to
use, you just plug them in and they're ready to go. Plus, they're so affordable that we
have one upstairs and downstairs. Fake TV is only $34.95. Order your fake TV by calling
877-5FAKETV or go to faketv.com. That's 877-532-5388 or faketv.com.
Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
All right, if you're tuning in via radio, you can just type in to a search engine immortalized
cell line to find out about this. And the reason this is so important is the globalist
since the 50s have been writing about this, but intensely the last 20 years in their different
eugenics publications, one line of immortality they believe they're going to achieve, whether
that's real or not, that's what they're building this whole world government for. Build a world
government to dumb us down, soft kill us, exterminate us.
They publicly say 80 to 90%, but there are more internal documents that we've published
when we dig them up, are 99%. You don't tell the general crew, hey, we're going to kill
everybody because they can do the math. Well, then you're going to kill me. No, they said
we're going to kill 80%. But then in the higher level meetings, it's we're going to kill everybody.
And then the 1% that's allowed to live in the new magical kingdom they're going to build
will merge with computers. And that's the dominant line that Kurzweil and others run.
And this is the religion that the TED cult and that's a mid-level deal that people pay
$8,000 to be part of. They're just the useful idiots actually funding the higher level cult.
That's what they're setting up. That's what the UN is about, all this stuff. And it's
a race. So they've got the development line for the cybernetic interfaces for extended
life. And then they've got the immortalized cell line area.
And I want to show TV viewers, radio listeners, just search this, Henrietta Lacks. And she
was born in 1920, died in 1951. And she died of a very fast-acting cancer that just killed
her in about a month. And if you read the science legacy, they found that most cells
will start dividing. They'll become cancerous when they try to repair their DNA and start
mutating. Normal cells will start dividing slower than you die because your cells don't
replenish themselves.
But generally before that happens, others learn how to fix themselves and start mutating
and take over. And I'm oversimplifying this. This is so important. I'm gonna do a whole
report on it this week. I will do it this week with Aaron Dykes. But just to give you
a forte of what's coming up, then we'll air the special report here, let's say by Friday.
I'll probably shoot it today or tomorrow, then he'll put it together for Friday.
And it said the cells from her tumor were given to researcher George Galloway, who discovered
that Henrietta cells is something he'd never seen before. They could be kept alive and
grown and did not die. Generally they die within a few days just cultured.
But even without the medium, these cells stay alive and continue to replicate and stabilized.
So it is the Lazarus cell. They use that term in some literature. It's also been picked
up by some of the video game manufacturers that put out zombie movies and things.
But when you see a movie, the latest remake of I Am Legend or The Last Man Alive on Earth,
and you see the remake and they have a cancer vaccine that kills most people, but turns
other people down the road, doesn't happen right away, into undead. They can't die unless
you totally chop them up. They are one giant cancer. Their cells have been made immortal.
And when you get into it, this has got the NSA right now going crazy. This is one of
the biggest secrets. And by secrets, it's in the literature, but they don't want it
in the popular culture. That's why their literature admits it all. But when a show seen as a pop
show that actually reaches people on talk radio, TV, that reaches a wide audience, the
unwashed audiences they see us, this is not supposed to be talked about.
And so what it does is you're not literally a zombie. Your heart's still beating everything
else. But it turns all your cells into immortal cancer cells. Now, obviously, there's going
to be mutations. It's going to kill most people. So they're going to test it on us in the new
cancer vaccines that are coming up. And I've studied the groups involved in that. The U.N.
is involved. They're going to test their immortality mutation shot on us.
You are listening to GCN. Visit GCNlive.com today.
A little over a year ago, I began to do a lot of research into why, even if I had a pretty
good sized meal, that I was still starving. And my research led me to a well-known fact
that most of the soils that we grow our crops on here in the United States and across the
industrialized world are almost completely depleted of almost all of the key minerals
and trace elements that our bodies need to rebuild themselves, fight off cancer and be
healthy. I then searched out the best vitamin and mineral company out there and discovered
Young Jevity. The Young Jevity products are designed to give you the real nutrition you
need. And once you've got that, you don't have to eat as much to be satisfied. I've
lost thirty seven pounds in two months. Simply getting the vitamins and minerals I need.
Check it out for yourself. It's incredible. Go to info wars team dot com today and order
your first canister of Beyond Tangy Tangerine complete multivitamin mineral complex dietary
supplement. That's info wars team dot com. Waging war on corruption. Alex Jones on the
GCN radio network. And now, live from Austin, Texas. Alex Jones. We're going to take some
phone calls right now and others will get to talk to Max Kaiser. We got so much news
coming up in the shower right now. Let's go to Zachary in Florida. You're on the air.
Go ahead, sir. Welcome. Hi, Alex. How you doing? Pretty good, brother. I'm I've been
listening to your show for about two years and I'm only fourteen and I absolutely love
love your work. You do an excellent job. But the main reason why I wanted to call was that
I have a YouTube channel. Right. And they've been trying to Google's been trying to shut
my YouTube video down by following filing false copyright since I put out a video about
about how they want to ban most guns. And they're trying to shut my YouTube channel
down. Yeah, just to be clear, they're not doing it with big people like myself. Well,
actually, they have some. But we've confirmed thousands of Facebook's are suspended or killed
if you promote the Second Amendment even politely.
If you post a Washington Post link with some news about this program, they shut you down.
And yeah, it's being done selectively to the little guys. And if they can get away with
it with you, they'll get away with everybody. It's just amazing. And people say, well, just
leave YouTube. You know, it's their private property. No, they operate as a public commons
and you're following the rules and they're misappropriating those rules, engage in false
advertising. And that's what's going on. We should all invade YouTube. We're there because
that's over half the video views in the world.
It's so ridiculous because I put out a video about George H.W. Bush and about his New World
order. Crap. You know, the speech in 1991. And they filed a copyright claim by by MTV.
MTV filed a copyright claim on an 18 second clip of George H.W. Bush. So I told YouTube
I'm tired. I'm really sick and tired of. And was it even from number one? That's a pool
camera from C-SPAN, which is paid for at that time by the government. So, yeah, that's a
false claim. Was it even from MTV? No, it was even it was a news broadcast from MSNBC.
No, no. And that's not owned by Viacom. Last time I checked, which owns MTV, what you do
is, you know, you file a notice under fair use. That's clearly fair use.
It's so ridiculous. And I just don't understand why they want to shut my YouTube.
Sir, they want to shut you down because we're hurting them. They're involved in a criminal
takeover and now people are waking up. So they want to shut down. What they shut down
is viral spread. If we have some meme on one of our Facebook shows, got millions of people
total between our 10 Facebooks or so.
Three hundred something thousand, our biggest one that was a fan site they gave us. If something's
going viral, they kill it. People say, well, why do you stay on there? Because that's where
the people are. Like, hey, the city of Austin told you, you can't hand out magazines in
Austin. You know, the South by Southwest complained. Well, I went down there and protested it and
they backed off.
And the point is, they'll probably do it again. I'll have to go back on there again. I mean,
they will overrun us if we keep kissing their butts. So I say start more accounts, keep
uploading and upload under different names. Say YouTube banned this video, make a big
deal out of it.
And everybody realized while we've still got YouTube and Facebook and the real Alex Jones
Twitter, you better be using this stuff. They want to shut us down because we're effective.
People better realize, folks, now's the time to be fighting like never before. They do
not want you to hear this show. They do not like the fact that we have street fought up
from no stations up to over 150 and huge news websites and are able to do this is unbelievable.
But it's a testament to we're human, too. The globalists are human. They've been very
effective. We're effective. You got to get in the fight, folks. You got to get in the
fight. And the first few times politically, you'll probably get your butt kicked. So what?
It's training. What do they say in the military? Pain is weakness leaving the body. Well, politically,
the political pain is is defeat leaving the political spectrum. And you just got to go
out there and stop caring what people think about you and start standing up for what's
right.
I mean, we're living in an incredibly historical time. We got pure evil coming down on us.
Introducing pro one, all of your filtration in one system, portable on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics, advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your pro pure with
a new pro one filters today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139. Alex Jones here
with a message to fellow freedom lovers. The prognosis for the entire planetary economic
system runs from bad to worse. The globalist model is to shut down societies and starve
patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover. That's why we've assembled the most
vital and important preparedness items at info wars shop.com. These are items that I
did research on that I personally use. We've got the life straw so you can turn fetid water
into safe water anywhere you go. The Ktor hand crank generator to charge up key equipment
during power outages are out in the field strategic relocation third edition by Joel
Skousen when disaster strikes by Matthew Stein, they're safe used by Homeland Security to
protect yourself during any radiological event and crank shortwave am FM radios. Everything
that we've researched and found to be the best is available at info war shop.com and
your purchase makes our info war possible. We're getting prepared. Are you info wars
shop.com. If you want an American company with American products made by Americans,
here is the cow Ben soap company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products
for years. These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut
oils that are earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at five star soap.com or call
800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps
that are twice as good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply
of soaps for all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands
of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at
five star soap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
There is a single broadcast every second of every day through our television sets. Even
when the set is turned off, look around the environment we live in. Carbon dioxide, fluorocarbons
and methane have increased since 1958. Earth is being acclimatized. They are turning our
atmosphere into their atmosphere. We are like a natural resource to them. To keep the planet,
move on to another. They want benign indifference. They want us drugging. We could be pets. We
could be food. But all we really are is livestock. Our impulses are being redirected. We are
living in an artificially induced state of consciousness that resembles sleep.
We now take you live to the Central Texas Command Center and the heart of the resistance.
Alright into hour number three here. We are here every weekday 12 noon to 3 pm Eastern.
I am your host Alex Jones. The news websites are Infowars.com, prisonplanet.com and the
nightly news site is infowarsnews.com or prisonplanet.tv weeknights 7 o'clock Central, 8 o'clock Eastern.
Very important. The people book or book note or mark that down. Where to start here today?
There is so much I want to talk about with Max Keiser who is actually in the Big Apple,
New York City right now. He lives in London where he does his RT show and also syndicated
radio and he's made the bold prediction. He's a former top stockbroker, inventor of the
virtual trading specialist system used on many stock markets today and he is now of
course retired from that many years ago and is a journalist and he's broken a lot of big
stories but he made his boldest prediction ever. He said he believes that by the end
of April we'll see the end of the bond bubble and that it's going to pop and he said that
in the middle of last year and he's been reporting on signs that just doubly confirm his analysis
that late April is the time for that.
So I want to look at what's happening there. Then I want to segue into the Italians saying
no to austerity. More and more now the Greeks have seen that it wrecked their country. Higher
taxes brought in less money. That was the plan to wreck the country. They're pulling
out of that nosedive at least on the surface and how that ties into the rest of the geopolitical
things that we see happening, the stock market and more.
And then the first guy I ever heard talk about Bitcoin years ago, I forget when, he was the
first guy probably secretly invented it for all I know. There's a rumor for you. He invented
other stuff. Max Keiser was the first guy I ever heard talk about Bitcoin and now everywhere
I go, it's definitely the big buzz, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin. So we're going to get to
that.
That's growing exponentially and my concern is we don't know who created it. Anonymity
for the individual is fine, but if we don't know who created it, they could be creating
an alternative fiat currency to destroy it and then try to discredit the entire movement
that I think is a great idea. I want competing currencies, but Max, I know you're chomping
to talk about how you invented Bitcoin because I got a sneaking suspicion you might be involved.
And I know some folks in Austria too might be involved, but I'm just going to leave it
at that. I know there's a certain crowd that might be involved. Okay, I think I've said
too much, but Max seriously here, I'm just concerned they could crash it and then come
after everybody, but let's not go there first.
What is happening with your big prediction? Some developments I saw you tweet over at
Max Keiser, over to Real Alex Jones following us over there at Twitter. And I'm excited
to hear your analysis on this implosion because I hope you're wrong about it because I think
that they'll just get more power out of it. Max Keiser of MaxKeiser.com.
Yeah, great to be with you. No, I did not invent Bitcoin. I think the reason people
say that is because I did invent the virtual currencies and virtual trading back in 1996
that I have four US patents covering virtual currency, the virtual trading. So people say,
oh, Max Keiser must be involved in the creation of Bitcoin. That's not the case. I am very
excited and very happy that a hacker or a group of hackers did launch Bitcoin in 2009.
It's now a $500 million in circulation and it is taking the globe by storm. And this
is the Fed killer. When Rand Paul says we need to kill the Fed, when Ron Paul says we
need to kill the Fed, when I say we need to kill the Fed, Bitcoin potentially is the Fed
killer. Now getting to my prediction, I said on your show eight months ago that within
nine months we would have a major financial catastrophe, could most likely be a bond bubble
burst, and there could be a number of triggers. I'm going to claim victory right here, right
now, because since I was on your show at that time Bitcoin has made a move from the $5 to
$6 per Bitcoin range to now it's at $46 heading a lot higher. It's up 200% this year. There
are many Bitcoin millionaires now, myself included, that have become Bitcoin millionaires
based on this historic move up from $5 or $6 to now $46, up 200% this year.
And in fact I remember it was zone nine, zone nine you told me to get into Bitcoin, I probably
should have. My problem is the speculative bubble, what about it as a bubble?
It's volatile, it's going to be volatile, but it doesn't qualify as a bubble. A bubble
would mean there would be oversaturation and people owning it across the spectrum, like
Nasdaq stocks in 2000 were a bubble. The bonds are in a bubble. The stock market in 87 was
a bubble. Bitcoin is not owned yet by nearly anywhere near the penetration it could get
to, Alex. Let me explain the potential for Bitcoin. It could conceivably capture 1 to
10% of the global forex transactions. That would mean an implied price for Bitcoin moving
from $46 to $100,000, potentially $1 million per Bitcoin. There's only going to be $21
million ever created in existence and that will be it. They've already had $10 million
created, 25 new Bitcoins are created every 10 minutes and that's the rate at which these
are entering the economy. The Federal Reserve System hates it. They would love to kill it,
they're attacking it any way they can, but they will fail. This is what we've been waiting
for. This is the CyberChrist moment. This is when the activists that have been pushing
against the Fed are going to win with Bitcoin. Did you just say Bitcoin is the CyberChrist?
Satoshi Nakamoto is the name of the developer who released Bitcoin in 2009. I call him the
CyberChrist because he potentially is so much of a game change at this point. This is such
a quantum leap away from the Federal Reserve System that is killing economies around the
world that we are going to have a massive global coming to understanding, a revelation
that finally we are going to escape the nightmare that is a central bank system. This thing
is a skyrocket and the price, yes, it's going to be very volatile, so keep that in mind.
You're going to see a lot of price action, but the trajectory is up and has potential
to go to 100,000 or a million per Bitcoin from the current price of 46. I suggest you
get Rick Fogvin from Stockholm on your show. He's part of the pirate party in Sweden. He's
a great guy, he's been covering, he put his entire net worth into Bitcoin two years ago
and there was a lot of volatility, but he's got a very down to earth analysis of it. He's
a very great guy, should happen on your show.
But again, I know about who supposedly released it, but then it's all very foggy who actually
designed it. And talking to all the insiders, I mean, what you're saying is basically a
group of, quote, hackers or IT developers. I mean, as best we know.
This is a response. These are activists. You know, we've been trying to, look at the politics
of America, look at what Ron Paul's been saying now for years. You know, we got to get rid
of the Fed, got to get rid of the Fed. And there hasn't been any traction in any movement
whatsoever. And hackers understand that privacy is a big issue going forward. You know, the
privacy is something that is at the heart of what Kim Dotcom in New Zealand is talking
about with Mega. You know, Mega has now got over 50 million users. It's becoming a billion
dollar company. He calls himself the privacy company. Everything is encrypted, just like
Bitcoin is entirely encrypted. Privacy is the new scarcest resource in the world today.
That's what backs Bitcoin, is privacy. It guarantees privacy. And in this day and age,
that's a very scarce commodity with every single one of our emails being spied on, with
millions of CCTV cameras installed everywhere we go. Privacy is one of the rarest commodities
in the world. That's what collateralizes, essentially, Bitcoin. And that's why it's
such a valuable currency. And so the activists behind it, this creation, are making that
statement the invasiveness of the state. I also noticed that the Austrian school of economists
like guys like Tom Woods, who you have on your show, at first they were very hesitant
about Bitcoin. Now they're embracing Bitcoin. The libertarians are now embracing Bitcoin.
Lou Rockwell and his crowd are now embracing Bitcoin because they realize what it is. It's
a reaction to the criminality at the Federal Reserve with an anonymous...
Sure, I understand, but Nakamoto is admittedly a fake cutout. Are you Nakamoto? Stop dodging.
Right. It's a pseudonym for either one or a group of hackers.
Yeah, knock it off, Max. Just admit right now you're involved in it. Admit you're involved
in it. Cut it out. Admit you're involved in it.
... currencies going back to 1996. And so I'm very familiar with the need for this.
I'm very familiar also that my patents... Yeah, I bet you are.
... were seized by Wall Street, by a bank on Wall Street, Cantor Fitzgerald. They took
those patents off out of the public domain. And this is your way of getting back at them.
I'm just giving you what's going on in history. They took those patents out of the public
domain. They in turn moved the company, Cantor Fitzgerald, to the top floor of the World
Trade Center, and then they had to deal with their own comic reality. That's their gig.
That's just their fate. But in the meantime, other people who looked at the virtual currency
space have said, you know, there is something here that can be done. The Bitcoin protocol,
this encrypted currency that's now on the web, and it's becoming a huge industry. There
are lots of companies now that support Bitcoin. For example, there's a company called BitPay
that is becoming the PayPal of Bitcoin. So they guarantee transactions in Bitcoin.
WordPress, which is one of the biggest templates for running blogs on the internet, now accepts
Bitcoin. You have stores opening up around the web...
No, no, we're trying to figure out how to accept it as well.
... encrypted currency. There's no way in the world anywhere else you could send $1,000
from Alex Jones to anyone in the world for virtually free. It doesn't cost anything.
It gets instantaneous, and you get 100 cents on the dollar. The banks hate this because
it cuts into their profit margins, but this is what's needed to do battle against the
banking terrorists like J.P. Morgan, Goldman Sachs, Wells Fargo, Warren Buffett, Federal
Reserve. These guys are going down. Bitcoin is the spear to take them down.
Amazing. Now, I want to get into the larger geopolitical issues, but I agree. True fiat
currencies that are open source are what we need to go to because the globalist...
My prediction is eight months ago, I predicted that there would be a huge crash...
Stay there. We got to go to break. We got to go. Stay there.
... 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents,
which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface. But rather, we have formulated
our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate
and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more effectively. Visit www.silverlungs.com
and click on our store page to find what silver-based products are best for you.
That's www.silverlungs.com.
The Bokashi system uses fermentation to break down waste, so it takes less time to create
nutrient-dense humus for crops or gardens, with no turning and no obnoxious odors.
To learn more and order your Bokashi online, visit tereganics.com and click on the orange button.
That's tereganics.com, spelled T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X dot com, or call 866-369-3678.
That's 866-369-3678. Recycle all your food wastes in about six weeks with the Bokashi
Food Waste Recycling System from tereganics.com. Tereganics. Life's getting better.
Have you ever felt like the United States government knows way too much about your financial
affairs? I continue to hear stories about property seizures, frozen bank accounts, confiscation
of stocks and bonds. It makes me wonder if the U.S. citizen will ever again have the right
to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Unfortunately, with the Drug and Money Laundering
Act, the IRS Revenue Ruling 6045 of 1984, and the Trading with the Enemy Act in Franklin
D. Roosevelt's Executive Order of 1933, some precious metal holdings are subject to government
intervention. For this reason, Midas Resources has prepared a report explaining the boundaries
of trading precious metals privately. Whether if you have any intention of trading with
Midas Resources or not, I have instructed my representatives to give this report out
free. Call for your free copy at 1-800-686-2237. When investing, always proceed with caution.
Again, call 1-800-686-2237. Exercise your legal right to trade metals privately. 1-800-686-2237.
It's an MRE smorgasbord at longlifefood.com. In 1983, Long Life Food Depot was one of the
first to sell MRE pouches to the public, and we're still selling them almost 30 years
later. Today, Long Life Food Depot has the world's most complete MRE online buffet,
because MREs are all we do. Tasty varieties of chicken, beef, salmon, and pasta entrees,
plus sandwiches and our easy-to-use pouches. Full moisture, long shelf life, and ready
to eat hot or cold. We sell by the pouch or case, so the choices are endless, and so are
the graduated quantity discounts. The more you buy, the more you save. Call 800-601-2833,
or go to longlifefood.com to join our email list for upcoming announcements, like the
rollaway food pod, plus enjoy fast and free shipping. Just call 800-601-2833, or visit
longlifefood.com. Emergency preparedness, emergency relief, longlifefood.com since 1983,
sending real food to your real future.
Strange days are here, my friends.
Strange days have found us.
They're going to destroy us.
Strange days have found us.
Unless we make provision, our next cause is our guest.
Bitcoin, very fascinating. I want to get you back in the next few weeks when you can do it.
Or you're here in the US, how about you come down here to Austin, we'll do a Bitcoin special
in studio that can interview you for an upcoming, unannounced new film, folks. I'm finally going
to do that for two years, not making a new film. But Max, getting into your prediction,
because you've never made something that bold.
I'm claiming victory. I'm victorious. I'm claiming victory. And if anyone wants to debate
me on this, they can call me up live. I'm doing a library show this Friday for two hours
starting at 5 p.m. I'm PRN in New York City. You can find it, you can call in, and you
can debate me. But I'm declaring victory on this prediction that I made eight months ago,
which makes me the top prognasticator in the world for 2013 so far.
Okay, now break down what your prediction is, and then what's really happening in the
economy that you're saying shows that what you said would happen is starting.
Well, I said eight months ago that you'd have a major financial collapse, possibly a bond
collapse, and during that time Bitcoin has made a move from $4 to $46. It's up 200 percent
this year. So again, the stock market's trading at a new all-time low against Bitcoin.
I'm claiming Bitcoin to be a global world currency of major importance, and everything
has crashed against it and will continue to crash against it, because all of the hatred
of the central banking system is being channeled into Bitcoin right now. There are so many
millions of people around the world who despise what central banks are doing to their economies
that they are now going into Bitcoin. And now there's a peripheral economy around Bitcoin
with support companies like BitPay that I mentioned and others that are making it easier
for people to get into this economy. And as I said, WordPress now accepts Bitcoin. My
site, PirateMyFilm, accepts Bitcoin, has been on for a number of months, and this thing
is growing. I mean, I believe that your outfit should take a look at it and support this,
because this is the single greatest thing anyone can do to fight against central bankers.
Rand Paul should be on it. The libertarian should be on it. Tom Woods, finally, after
listening to me for six months, Tom Woods finally has seen the light. I had to school
Tom Woods once again. He is now a Bitcoin supporter. The libertarians, at first, balked.
Now they support him.
Well, I haven't been balking for three years, but I want to get into some other geopolitical
issues other than your invention of Bitcoin. Come on, Max. I want to expand on all of this,
okay, because we're seeing major rumblings in Europe. We're now seeing the prognosticators
saying, get ready for collapse.
We're now seeing, get ready for another round of bailouts. We're seeing people now refusing
austerity out of the headlines. The banks have been saved in Europe, but Europe hasn't
been saved. I'm gonna show some of those headlines while you're talking to TV viewers. I mean,
things are definitely rotting faster. How does that tie into your bond market implosion?
Well, it ties in with the fact that for every point up in the Dow Jones, the federal government
takes on 200 million new debt. They say that the jobless numbers are down and that more
people, there's more jobs in the economy. That's because the number of people taking
second and third jobs is now up by hundreds of thousands of people in America that take
two and three jobs. And they count those people taking on second and third jobs as a growth
in the jobs number. We also see it with Obamacare. Companies are now cutting back on people hours
per week to 30 because they don't want to pay the Obamacare penalty to those people
who are up by getting second and third jobs. That counts as new jobs. What about wages?
Well, wages are hitting new lows, all-time lows. What about the work participation rate
ratio? The worst in history. That is to say that you've got the least number of people
actually working in the economy than ever before. But they spin all these numbers as
a net positive and justification for continuing to ease money and quantitative ease money,
which is nothing more than a policy scheme where they're buying bonds from banks who
then sell back to the Treasury and the Fed, who then sell back to Wall Street. And they
go back and forth like this, charging each other fees, paying bonuses tied to the fees
to keep the bond bubble afloat, and increasing more debt until such time as that debt cannot
be increased anymore. And then you have the debt bubble. But that could happen in six
months. It could happen by April. It could happen tomorrow. In the meantime, people are
saying, you know what? To hell with all of you. We're just going to create a parallel
economy based on a real currency like Bitcoin, which is finite. It's not an infinitely
printed fiat currency like the dollar. And the cost of transaction is near zero. And
it's what the founding fathers of America would have insisted upon if they were reinventing
America today. They would have made Bitcoin the national currency of America. Remember,
Ben Franklin said the primary reason America revolted against the British was to get away
from the Bank of England, because the Bank of England was insisting that America accept
money with interest attached to it. Franklin said no way. So they created the United States
of America and the Constitution, which got rid of this albatross, this monstrosity of
the Bank of England, and they brought in real money issued by the Treasury with no interest
attached. Then in 1913, you had the Rothschilds and all those punks from the UK get their
way finally, and they brought the Bank of England into America in the form of the Federal
Reserve Bank. And we've seen the debt skyrocket every single day. Yeah, we've seen the American
system killed. You've got to get enslaved populations back to pre-Civil War America,
the antebellum South. You got people living like slaves for the debt slaves. Got to go
to break, Max. Stay there. We're going to come right back with Max Keiser. I'm Alex Jones.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms. But if you don't have a home security
system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When
you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out Simply Safe. It's
a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to GetSimplySafe.com.
Simply Safe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power, so even if the grid
goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit, or shed. GetSimplySafe.com. Simply Safe is also
ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger
into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever
you go. You aren't always at home, but Simply Safe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day. If you're
listening, you know the economy is not getting better. You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared. For years, we've told you about our friends at eFoods Direct.
They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food on the planet. This food will taste just
as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long-term food supply allows you to freeze
the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most. Be prepared and get your supply
from eFoods Direct. Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars
with free shipping on all food supplies. Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared. Act
now and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex. Get free shipping on all orders
for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex. You can bet
your life on eFoods Direct.
I had tried everything. I'd cut back the amount of food I was eating. I was lifting weights
and jogging, but nothing was working. My body was literally starving for minerals and trace
elements as well as key vitamins. And as soon as I had that, I immediately could eat half
of what I was eating previously and be satisfied. Now, there are hundreds of great products
at InfowarsTeam.com, but I want to point out the three that have helped me lose 37 pounds
in just two months. Products like Beyond Tangy Tangerine, Pollen Burst, and Rebound. When
I started taking the Tangy Tangerine and other products every day, I lost more than 37 pounds
in just two months. Now that's results. I want to challenge my listeners to go to InfowarsTeam.com
and to order just three of their products and you will see the changes in the way you
look, feel, and in your appetite almost immediately. Start your journey to health and wellness
today. InfowarsTeam.com.
Crashing through the lies and disinformation, it's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
We are back live and we are going to take some calls from Max Keiser here in a few minutes
to get into some other financial news that I was just mentioning. The real currency of
liberty in the future is diversity and true independence and liberty. And it is transmitted
through the different conduits of information. And when the establishment zigzag, that's
why we're in the seventh issue of Infowars Magazine, big color, glossy, the old Rolling
Stone style broadsheet full of key information.
We break down the globalist master plan, try to stir up civil war and crises in this country.
You now notice the Southern Poverty Law Center that is the Justice Department is saying I'm
a terrorist and prepare for libertarian groups to blow up buildings. Yeah, how do you demonize
your enemies? You stage stuff and blame it on them. I mean, it is so transparent. It's
all broken down in the new issue and it's going to sell out this month.
It's already most of them have already sold the 30,000 we keep back. We put 70,000 on
the streets in Austin and San Antonio, Texas. The beta test when it's a year old will go
into syndication in cities across the United States. And we're gearing up for that. A lot
of legwork to do, but thank you for supporting Infowars Magazine. You can buy them at cost
at cost at Infowarsstore.com or sign up for a 12 month subscription and the shipping is
included in the cost of the subscription.
So it's all there. You can also become a micro distributor. I haven't talked about this yet.
You can get the Infowars News rack and buy them in groups of 50 up to 100 at cost and
sign up and have 12 issues mailed to you to sell them at your business or office or gas
station and make the money back or just as a public service, let people take them for
free.
But regardless, you can become a micro distributor. They have different deals on that one time
micro distributor to buy the rack in one month to test it out or sign up for 12 months and
get 50 to 100 or even more mailed to you each month to put in your store, business, church,
whatever the case is. Because people really pay attention to a big color glossy magazine
now because magazines are going the way of the goony bird. Now there's a vacuum there.
And of course, financially that doesn't really support us. Be sure about the propure water
filters, the books, the videos, the T-shirts, all of it at Infowarsstore.com and be sure
and follow us because I got into the Twitter game late, but only now do I realize I can
send photos, video links.
It's such an important tool for us. We only have 170,000 followers. We have a couple other
Twitters that were fan Twitters. We got about 400,000 total. That needs to be at a million.
But it's kind of a pop culture thing, so that's why we've not been super successful at it.
I want to thank those that have helped promote it. Real Alex Jones there at Twitter, go and
follow us. It's very easy to do. We send a lot of key information out like report Mideast
War on Bilderberg 2013 agenda.
All the breaking news is tweeted out from Infowars.com and PrisonPlanet.com and be sure
and follow Max as well because his information is very important at Max Kaiser there on Twitter,
but DHS to purchase more firearms as arms build up intensifies. New Paul Watson article,
the police will protect you, so turn in your guns.
And they've now been a group of sheriffs have come out and said that they were ordered to
have their pay cut in Colorado. I guess the state's in control of that. The county should
be. And so they were ordered to be anti-gun. Man, you talk about crazy. So that article
is up there as well. Max, I want to throw a few curveballs at you before we get back
into the economy and take calls.
What do you make of the stonewalling about the 2,700 giant armored vehicles, the tens
of thousands of fully auto machine guns the government's buying, like 7,000 a month, the
2 billion bullets. And then the stonewalling saying it doesn't exist. But now even Forbes
has come out and said we looked at it. There are the billions of bullets.
Why are you stonewalling? We need to quote have a national discussion about this. That's
the headline. And that's what I've been saying. There is an arms build up. There are checkpoints.
They're gearing up as if a foreign army is about to invade, but they're pointed at us.
The manuals say it's for gun confiscation. That will cause a civil war. And I know, I
don't believe, because it's in their internal memos that they've leaked, they want to start
a civil war and label those of us that don't go along with having our pension funds taken,
guns taken.
They're going to label us terrorist. Max Keiser, what do you make of the, the stonewalling
undoubtedly has gotten more bizarre. It's like Gibbs saying there are no drone programs
seven years after the program was public.
And then admitting aha, it's Wizard of Oz. What is the tactic there and why is the lying
or do you disagree becoming so over the top cartoon?
Well, they're frightened. They're frightened. Listen to what Eric Holder just said. He said,
yes, it's true that HSBC got caught laundering billions of dollars for Mexican drug cartel
terrorists. Yes, it's true that Wachovia was caught laundering $400 billion worth of Mexican
money, which is what Wachovia is now, was bought by Wells Fargo. Biggest shareholder
is now Warren Buffett.
We can't prosecute because I fear them. That's the attorney general. We can't prosecute
HSBC for funding drug cartel terrorists because I fear them. That's our attorney general,
Eric Holder. Now, of course they're building fortresses inside America. And of course they're
buying tanks. Just like the Christians who went into the homeland had to build fortresses
inside the homeland. They're building themselves fortresses because they're afraid of their
bankers, the monstrous bankers that they've created. They can't apply laws to them. They
can't handle them. These guys will know that they're in league with the Mexican drug cartel
terrorists. They're trying to protect themselves. They're scared to death. Eric Holder is a
scared little bunny hopping around saying, oh my God, HSBC is on the line. Please save
me Obama, hide me. HSBC, Stephen has served HSBC. He wants to find me and he's going to
kill me. He'll beat America Obama. This guy is the most frightened little weenie hopper,
bunny hopping loser in America. This is a sad day when you've got the attorney general
saying he's a frightened of the banks he can't prosecute even though they funded 9-11 terrorism.
Why are we sending drones across the ocean? For what? To kill who? Little babies in their
crib? Because Eric Holder and his little crotch is all shrunken up and shriveling up
like a peanut because he's not a man enough to admit that he fears the banksters? What
a pathetic little, you know, thriller in the expletive. It's so sad. I'm so ashamed and
embarrassed. Control your hatred, Lord Vader. Now, now let me just expand on this because
I have the articles right here for TV viewers. What do you make of Mohammad Karzai coming
out? Because we know the West runs Al Qaeda and Taliban. That's been admitted literally
hundreds of times, number two in Al Qaeda, and we're all lucky hanging out at the Pentagon.
But now he's another cornered rat, so the rats are fighting with each other. He knows
they killed his brother, the biggest opium dealer, to get his cut. He now comes out and
says, you've been bombing your own bases. You've been bombing our hotels as a reason
to stay here. And I said that a year ago at the last big one, six months ago, a smaller
one, because it clearly is that.
Clearly, they are in the league with HSBC, Barclays, Royal Bank of Scotland, Lloyd of
London.
No, but I mean, now it's coming out that the troops grow the drugs.
They're the biggest co-dealers, drug dealers, heroin dealers, murdering terrorists, some
sponsors of global terrorism. And they have Eric Holder who got their back. Barack Obama
got their back. It's not a shock. I'm not shocked. That's why Bitcoin came into existence
because I said, you know what? You guys need to get out of the way because we can't be
a babysitter because you're just crapping the diapers of the Constitution.
You need to just get off stage. We need to bring back something.
But don't the elites get? Let me say something.
We need a currency that's not compromised by you freaking terrorists like Eric Holder.
So Bitcoin will triumph, my friend. Bitcoin is the second coming. Bitcoin is the answer.
And this thing is growing like a weed because people in the liberty movement, people who
are following Rand Paul, Ron Paul, libertarians, Austrian school, they finally came out of
my way of thinking. I had to school Tom Woods. I had to school Rand Paul and say, look, this
is the future. Now they're coming around, which is great because now this thing is going
to be adopted by millions more people. And these central bankers and commercial bankers
and Wall Street bankers are going to be exterminated, disenfranchised, whittled out of existence.
All right. Let me let's move slowly here for a few points, because I want to get to this.
Can I just jump in for a second? Yes, it's a big deal.
The last 12 hours, you had a major story. I don't know if you saw it, but if you go
to in trade dot com in trade dot com, that's been taken off. That's been taken off line.
That's been shut down suddenly at three o'clock in the morning just a few hours ago because
in trade dot com was giving true price discovery on probability for events that were happening
and for prices of things that were outside of the matrix of these corrupt bankers. The
insiders are the only ones that are supposed to know that. Just like they shut Hollywood
stock exchange out of my company because I was showing genuine prices for movies a year
before they were open and open. So they killed it. They came to Fitzgerald and the board
of directors colluded in an illegal transaction and they busted up that company just like
they busted up in trade. They will not allow for accurate price discovery and it's something
like in trade. Sure, I understand. Let me ask you this question.
They killed it. Yeah, I understand. You're pretty wound up today, Max. That's news. That's
breaking news. No, no, I understand that's breaking news. I want to go to some phone
calls here in just a moment. People want to talk to you about Bitcoin and bonds and some
other questions. But Max, take North Korea. Obviously, you've got Dennis Rodman, a washed
up media whore going over there. But the white people made a joke out of a murdering dictator
meeting with an American like like tyranny's funny.
It also shows the decadence of some of the public. But then as a larger issue, as North
Korea insanely threatens to nuke things and cuts off the telephone connection and ends
the armistice. So the Korean war out of deep freeze, 59 years later, is back. What is your
take on North Korea and how that feeds into things in the build up towards Middle East
war? The armistice was never signed to end the war. The North Korean South Korean war.
That was never signed. No, I know. So it was it was a cease fire for the armistice, but
it was an armistice meeting for a cease fire. Go ahead. So they ever actually that was never
actually formally. No, the Dennis Rodman thing is is phenomenal. But, you know, before Dennis
Rodman, you had the chairman of Google, Schmidt, go over there on a mission where he was also
doing the job that you thought John Kerry was supposed to be. John Kerry is the secretary
of state. Why is Eric Schmidt, the head of Google, making a trip to North Korea, who's
supposed to be part of the axis of evil? Well, Eric Schmidt's a lot more powerful than Kerry.
And not John Kerry. You know, John Kerry has been proven to be completely inept, saying
things like, well, as a diplomat, you know, Dennis Rodman makes a good basketball player
trying to make jokes about it. Well, John Kerry, what about you doing your frickin job?
What about you having some kind of cogent statement that people can understand why these
countries are spinning out of control? No, you won't hear anything from John Kerry. No,
he's counting. I know. What do you think's happening in North Korea? How does North Korea
feed into things? Stock has taken over. They're making billions and millions of dollars. That's
all he cares about. Sure. How does North Korea tie into this? But you notice that before
a big collapse, wars always start because that helps smokescreen the globalist takeover.
And I see the Middle East and North Korea. I mean, it looks like things could be lining
up for something really nasty. What do you expect to see Max Keiser? Well, the hotspots
are quite numerous. You've got Japan and China are fighting a currency war. You've got North
Korea is now starting to fight a hot war. You've got Europe involved in a massive social
unrest in the periphery countries. America is dissolving into a new kleptocracy and anti-bellum
south slave state. And Venezuela now in chaos with the passing of Chavez. And you've got
hotspots all over the world and no leadership. That's the problem. Because the leaders are
buying their own bull. Because the leaders are buying their own bull. I think that's
the big issue here is that when the establishment starts smoking their own dope, get ready for
cuckoo land. I also predicted on your show six months ago to a year ago that the British
pound would make new lows against all major trading currencies. I know today that it's
just made a new low against all its major trading currencies. So that's another prediction
for 2013. I put in the win column. I'm batting a thousand. I am the prognosticator of 2013
so far. Number one. We got to go to calls. Let me ask you one last question. I agree
things are degenerating quickly. They're talking about all sorts of economic unraveling while
saying everything's great to the general public.
But the more internal memos are danger, Will Robinson. So they're going to spin even all
out depression is milk and honey. Like they've spun things in Greece. Children starving to
death is a wonderful thing and Greece is doing great. So if you're right about the collapse
accelerating, how will the public respond as the media announces? The economy's great.
There are no bullets. There are no checkpoints. There are no armored vehicles. The TSA doesn't
grab your genitals. The Easter Bunny is real. Santa Claus is real. There are no drones.
We already talked about this, Alex. I think the public has missed a window of opportunity.
Constitution says on our Second Amendment, if Terry comes along, you have a constitutional
obligation to pick up your firearm and take back your government. The threshold for that
Terry has passed already in the year 2000 with that thrown election. We've had now 15
or 20 instances when Terry threshold as per the Constitution has been passed. The NDAA,
the Patriot Act, the list goes on and on. America did not act. Therefore, America has
no one to blame for itself. America is finished. It's lost its sovereignty. It's over. I'm
tired of talking about when are Americans going to act or if they're going to act or
is it time to act? Time to act is passed. Get over it. You're done. Just stop whining.
I disagree with that. I disagree with that. There's more of an awakening now than ever.
I totally disagree with that, Max. And I understand that. I know you disagree with it.
What threshold of tyranny are you looking for? What do you need? What does it take?
Does John Kerry have to come into your arm and physically, you know, perform an act,
a disgraceful act, you know, in person? I mean, what is it going to take? What more
degrading, degrading act by your government do you need before you...
Hey, what's stopping you? Listen, the feds are going to blow stuff up and blame it on
us. They want a confrontation. They want to get a physical fight going because we're winning
the info war.
You have to steal before they get prosecuted as a criminal. How much more? It's gone.
The threshold's been passed. There's no going back...
No, it takes a lot of tyranny before... Listen, people are waking up big time right now, Max.
Let's go to a phone call. Scott in Colorado wants to ask a bond question. Then we'll go
to others that have Bitcoin questions and others. Go ahead, Scott. You're on the air
with Max Kiser, who's had a lot of coffee.
Hey, Max. First time caller, Alex, love the show. Wanted to know more importantly, what
do you think the derivative market's going to crash? I mean, I can't understand what
America's looking at when they look over to Europe. I mean, you've got Ireland going broke.
You've got Spain that can't control their debt, their GDP's out of control.
Those countries don't exist. The bullets don't exist. Everything's fine.
I mean, I've even got guys that, you know, are VPs over at Wells Fargo that say, yeah,
we see a 5 to 10% market correction, but other than that, we don't see the bond market or
the derivatives market seeing a major correction.
Right. Well, the derivative market, otherwise known as the shadow banking system, is completely
opaque, totally unregulated, and we never see or hear about it until things like the
London Whale a few months ago blew up and Jamie Dimon and JP Morgan lost, what, six or
seven or nine...
It's a lot more. It's all rigged.
It won't happen again. So that was the shadow banking system leeching into the real world.
So behind the scenes in the shadow system, there are all these catastrophes and losses
being made up, but we don't really see it until it makes its way into a form of policy
initiative, which is called austerity in Europe or Obamacare in America, which is a huge bailout
of the corporations.
And what net-net, wages go down, quality of life goes down. America right now on the League
of Nations in the world for standard of living, quality of life, is a whopping number 16.
Number 16, down from number one and heading to number 40. OK, that's where it shows up.
That's the crisis in the derivatives market.
All right, Scott, thanks.
Got to go to break, Max. Max needs Ritalin.
Turn him back up. Let him take us out to break.
OK, Max, we're going to come right back to you. George, Braun, Tate, Ryan.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day.
If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better.
You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared.
For years, we've told you about our friends at e Foods Direct.
They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food on the planet.
This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight.
A long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing
you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from e Foods Direct.
Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies.
Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared.
Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
You can bet your life on e Foods Direct.
Do you suffer from low functioning adrenal or thyroid gland?
Did you know that mercury from your dental fillings comes off your teeth both as a vapor
and as metal particles into your body?
Wherever mercury deposits in your body, it stops cells from functioning normally.
Animal studies show that mercury causes kidney function to drop by 60%.
Mercury deposited into your adrenals or thyroid will cause a corresponding drop in function.
The number one method by which your body detoxifies itself of mercury is glutathione.
The number one superfood that helps turn on all 75 trillion cells of your body to produce glutathione
is non-denatured whey protein from grass-fed cows.
After investigating most high-end whey proteins on the market,
only one is the most non-denatured, the most active, the most complete, and in our opinion,
the most powerful in what nature originally put into the fresh raw whey.
It is One World Whey.
Call 888-988-3325. That's 888-988-3325.
Or visit OneWorldWhey.com. That's OneWorldW-H-E-Y.com.
We all know that Berkey water purification systems are the most trusted name in water filtration.
As an authorized Berkey dealer for over six years and serving thousands of satisfied customers,
the Berkey guy offers amazing specials for Berkey water filtration systems.
The Berkey light systems include a set of self-sterilizing and re-cleanable black purification elements
that purify water by removing chlorine, pathogenic bacteria, cysts and parasites to non-detectable levels
and remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides and pesticides.
Order the Berkey light system today complete with two black Berkey elements for only $231
and the Berkey guy will ship your order free of charge.
With the purchase of a Berkey light, the Berkey guy is also offering a set of fluoride and arsenic filters for only $39.99.
That's over 30% off the retail price.
Call the Berkey guy at 1-877-886-3653. That's 1-877-886-3653.
Or order online at GoBerkey.com. That's GoBerkey.com today.
If it keeps on raining, love is going to break. When the levee breaks, I'll have no place to stay.
This is the Alex Jones sing-along hour. Let's get to some more of your phone calls here with Max Keiser.
Let's talk to a Bitcoin question.
Tate in Michigan, you're on the air with Max Keiser. Go ahead.
Hey Max, I wanted to tell you. You and Stacey are rock stars.
Hey man, love what you're doing. I'm a member of your Silver Liberation Army.
My question is this. Is Bitcoin a good alternative to dual citizenship for wealth protection?
I guess the short answer is yes because it's highly portable.
So you could put $100,000 on a thumb drive or even memorize the address
and you could go anywhere in the world and upload that information and there'd be your $100,000.
So it's a way to completely bypass the exchange.
No, it is a giant idea and revolutionary and I'm all for it.
I'm just saying the first big vehicle to be successful will probably be brought down by the system
or it will bring the system down so it's a big deal.
Well, I don't know what you just said.
Pardon me?
I don't know what you just said. I mean, you're just agreeing that it's a huge initiative.
It's big and I don't understand why there's not more...
No, I'm just saying people... Listen, I'm just saying...
I'm the only guy banging the drum on Bitcoin in the alternative media space since it started in 2009.
No, well Max, I had you on about it today and I've had you on before.
Where's Rand Paul and Ron Paul?
I know. I'm just saying there's risk for people that don't have a lot of money.
Other people that have a lot of money should all put a little bit into it politically just to try to make it successful.
But I'm also up here saying anything experimental or exploratory has serious dangers.
But the bigger system is the ultimate danger.
So that's why I've supported you in the Silver Army. I supported you on the Bitcoin.
I understand you're really excited about your invention doing so well today, but calm down right now.
Okay, Tate, anything else?
I know. You guys keep it up. I love what you're doing.
Thank you very much. I appreciate it, Tate.
Let's talk to George in Connecticut. You're on the air with Max Keiser.
Yeah, I'd like to talk to that financial terrorist, Mr. Max Keiser.
I mean, the poor bankers are probably peeing their pants right now.
Anyway, the question is, Ken, what's the best place to be if the market does blow up because of this bubble that's going to happen in April?
Should we be in gold? Is GLD okay? Or if that's all leverage, that's bad?
Or should we be completely out? Et cetera, et cetera.
And what are the indicators that might basically be leading to this?
Sure, Max, and then I'll tell you what I'd do.
Gold, silver, real estate, friends, family, storable foods, skills. Go ahead.
Well, the problem is that the Ponzi scheme in paper is a Ponzi scheme, and you can't have any confidence in it.
Whereas buying real assets, as we just talked about, whether it's gold, silver, Bitcoin, real estate, other real assets, it's a good position to be in.
And we've said this many, many times, and that's still the case.
Yep, and so, caller, what do you think about that?
I think that's a pretty good suggestion, and I think you should be handing out Pampers to those banksters.
Yeah, no, I tell you, they've done what so many corrupt groups have done.
They've overreached, and they're even getting rid of the due process that protected them.
They really are crazy, aren't they, Max?
Yeah, absolutely. It's a suicide mission.
They are pathologically insane, and they're going to keep going and meet our cancer.
So cancer will keep going until the host is destroyed.
So these banksters will not stop until the host, that is to say the United States and the global economy, is destroyed.
That's their goal.
Unbelievable. Max, don't hang up. We'll do a few more minutes with you.
For some more callers who've got questions, you can do that.
Max Keiser at MaxKeiser.com. I'm Alex Jones of Infowars.com.
Thank you for listening to GCN.
Visit GCNlive.com today.
See you next time.
Call us at InfowarsStore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Coast to coast, direct from Austin.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
Big brother. Mainstream media. Government cover-ups.
You want answers? Well so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
All right, ladies and gentlemen. We've got Max Keiser on with us. Thank you for joining us.
Ryan in Texas. You're on the air with Max Keiser. Go ahead.
Man, these phones are so bad, I can't understand a word you're saying, bud.
Try to talk right into your phone, Ryan.
Oh hey, I had a question. One, Alex, we need to get you back on in Dallas.
But two, Max, are we still looking at April for the little stock market bubble crash?
And also, where do you see silver and gold going at that time because it's been down the last few months?
Well, I'm claiming victory because everything against Bitcoin has crashed.
So I'm claiming victory.
As far as gold and silver, continue to see them as they have for the past 12 years.
Every single one of the 12 years, they've gone up.
So I'm looking for them to continue to go up.
Okay, hope that answers your question, sir. God bless you.
Our Dallas affiliate, after about two years carrying us with a huge listenership,
changed formats to another format, and that happens.
So many stations were wrong. We were number one in Orlando.
Sold it. They turned to ESPN Sports.
So ratings don't matter anymore, folks. It's important to support the broadcast.
But we're gaining more affiliates than we lose, so that's the good news.
Well, that's what happens when you have propaganda take over from commercial radio.
They're more interested in the propaganda than because they get subsidies from the government,
which is more profitable than you're competing head-to-head in an open free market.
Yeah, it's incredible.
ESPN is doing propaganda.
I mean, I get number one ratings everywhere where I'm put on a decent station,
even the little stations I can get the top ratings.
I mean, I beat Rush Limbaugh in every demographic on a 10,000-watt station
up against a 50,000-watt in Orlando.
Yeah, but if you're Rush Limbaugh, you get a huge subsidy from the government to broadcast propaganda.
He is basically the Tokyo Rose of America. He's a propagandist.
He gets a huge government subsidy. He's a Nat Turner.
How does he get a government subsidy?
Well, he cuts a deal for $400 million, and the broadcaster that carries them, of course,
is an entity that promises never to carry anything on his network
that would anyone find offensive in any single way, so they give him huge licenses,
and the government allows them to consolidate their media footprint.
You know, there's very few broadcasters in America, but that's a subsidy.
That's welfare from the government.
Yeah, no, MSNBC definitely is.
They can also watch Limbaugh on, and at the same time,
they'll give you a $2 billion license fee for free.
Just keep this idiot on saying stupid stuff all day long.
That's a subsidy. He's a Tokyo Rose of America. The guy is a menace.
Let's talk to Judy in Florida. Judy, you're on the air.
Hi, Alex. It's Judy. Can you hear me?
I can. Throw your question out, please.
Sure. This is a serious one, too.
This is the second time I've gotten to speak to Max. This is great.
What about the prospect of what they're trying to put in Congress
or through Congress through LaRouche Political Action Committee on Glass-Steagall?
I mean, it's a great idea, but it never happens because the criminals run things, Max.
Yeah, I agree. It never happens. Great idea, but it never happens.
There is work to have it, you know, put through. There absolutely is.
No, I know. I mean, I know there's groups working for that,
but, I mean, my issue is the criminals are so consolidated,
we've got to work at every level. That is the problem, though.
The criminals basically can get away with anything. We're becoming North Korea.
They're putting forward this guy who's extremely anti-banker.
This, you know, comedian who's now front-running to be the president of the country,
and he's taking on the banks.
Now, I believe that if he does become any more successful in Italy,
they're going to call up the John Perkins clone, Confessions of an Economic Hitman.
They're going to go down there, and they're going to give an ultimatum.
Either you adopt the IMF or you're going to fall out of an airplane.
That's right. Absolutely. Yeah, they're really scared of what's happening in Italy.
Let me talk to you when we go to break here, Max.
Max Keiser at MaxKeiser.com. Follow him on Twitter, at MaxKeiser.
Follow us at TheRealAlexJones. Links are in every article page on Infowars.com.
Follow us at TheRealAlexJones.
Very important that you do that, because it's one of the great ways
we can send you up-to-the-minute breaking news,
also at Infowars.com. Follow us slash newsletter.
