Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Ladies and gentlemen, I have had my amazing crew working until late last night.
Kari Jackson, David Knight, Rob Dew, the amazing crew in here, Chris Alanis, and the rest of
the crew, to bring you the information that we are gonna be breaking down here today.
We're gonna analyze a Bloomberg gun confiscation rally, and just analyze the lies, the fraud,
and show the mainstream media covering up the rally, saying that once they register
our guns, they're going to confiscate them, because that's the blueprint. We've got them
handing out the fake signs that the news then claims are grassroots.
They point at the signs and say, look, it's grassroots. Once you know the formula, the
man behind the curtain, it's so creepy that we've got a city councilman that looks like
the Hispanic version of Dr. Evil. I mean, Mike Martinez, another one of these guys that
was a city union head, Capitol Metro, light rail, scalping the citizens.
And he says, listen, you guys got a sign out there saying, don't ban the guns. Well, guess
what? We're not banning them today, but what we're doing today will let us get that done.
So that sign, you'll need that soon. And this is a guy who hangs around with Bloomberg.
The awesome police chief was up there with Biden on TV. I mean, he's like one of the
main sellout police chiefs, cuz most of the sellout police chiefs can't even hardly talk.
They just sit up there and get more obese and collect their paychecks.
Art Acevedo is a slick guy, brought up by the feds out of California, federalizing LA.
He's one of their inside operatives. And now he's taken over Austin and trying to shut
down the gun shows, everything. And then he comes over and confronts our cameras and says,
we're making stuff up.
Nobody wants to confiscate guns. Hey, Acevedo, we got you, okay? And you say you wanna come
in studio? I can't wait. Let's go ahead and play, though, Mike Martinez, the Bloomberg
frontman, Mayor Pro Tem, saying hey, buddy, to a guy.
You got a sign about banning guns? By the way, they were muscling him, cussing at him
and bumping into him while he was there. And the police didn't go over, we have video of
this, to the guys getting in his face, cussing at him and bumping him, the pro-gun guy.
They go over and muscle on him with a sign. That's America. Let's go to the clip.
Austin City Council member, Mike Martinez. Thank you so much. I've got a proclamation
on the Afro-American City Council that we want to present, but I want to say a couple
of words, and I'll be brief. First of all, to the gentlemen who's dying for attention,
someone needs to inform them that there is no gun ban currently, but because of the work
we're doing here today, we will make your side legitimate shortly, so you hang on to
that.
So because of the work we're doing here today, we will make that sign legitimate shortly.
We're gonna come back with my full report on that in the next segment, because I show
clips of where they admit the plan is a total gun ban. Of course it is, Chicago, New York,
every other country the globalists control, they armed to the teeth, paramilitary police,
surveillance helicopters, drones, just total pre-crime, domestic tattle-tale brigades,
I mean direct scripting of 1984.
But as long as you call it liberal, it's A-OK. Now, the legislature of New York is calling
for, and it's already happening, but they're calling for anyone who's ever been on any
type of antidepressant drug period, which they basically forced the military on, will
have your guns taken, that's linked up in the middle column under can wiener rise again.
Police confiscating firearms from people, taking anti-anxiety medication, and then Time
Magazine warning others about government oppression is anti-American crap. I thought it was the
essence of America, and so I thought I'd dovetail that with all the real government oppression.
And then we've got Jacquari Jackson in studio, along with David Knight, with their amazing
footage analyzing a victim disarmament tyrant Bloomberg rally, analyzing the enemy.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions
are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you
for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective
against bacteria, viruses, moles, and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver
has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com, use the promo code prepared for 20% off your
entire order, and like us on Facebook. You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your
arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for
intruders? Check out Simply Safe. It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is
completely wireless. Go to getsimplysafe.com. Simply Safe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you are protected. It's completely
customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit, or
shed. Getsimplysafe.com. Simply Safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under
20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate,
you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home, but Simply
Safe will stand guard, protecting your property 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Again, that's
getsimplysafe.com.
In the last 2 years alone, the U.S. has seen huge losses to our food supply. In 2011, storms
and floods raged across the U.S., costing us $20 billion in lost crops alone. In 2012,
we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years. You may think out of
sight, out of mind, and so you don't think you will be affected. The fact is you are.
We all are. Food shortages drive prices up for everyone. You might not be able to control
Mother Nature, but you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability
of your food supply with e Foods Direct. Be prepared before you need it with nutrient-dense
food you can store for up to 25 years. You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed
you. Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best, durable foods out there from
e Foods Direct. Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward
slash Alex and check out their spring specials. Again, that number is 800-409-5633 or on the
web at efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex. You can bet your life on e foods direct. Live
from Austin, Texas. Broadcasting worldwide. It's Alex Jones.
Throughout history, there have been many cases where authoritarians take the restraint of
the armed population as weakness instead of restraint, especially by the real warrior
class in this country, not the fake warrior class that likes to oppress men, women and
children like North Korean soldiers. And the globalists are trying to convert America over
to a system where the supposed warrior class does not protect the peace and defend the
republic but instead ushers in the enslavement of the people.
And by any historical yardstick, they had a major university study last year showing
the United States the sixth worst police state in the world. Though the United States has
a paradox because there's still so many time-honored basic liberties and freedoms that were hard
won by the founders of this country and our veterans and others since then.
There's always good and evil. There's always the control freaks. There's always the usurpers
trying to take over. Just because they're always trying to take over because they live
off our tax money. They live off the monopolies that they can create for big business. Just
because they're always pushing, you don't give up. That's the eternal fight that every
generation goes through.
And this is gonna be an unprecedented broadcast today. It is a very important broadcast. We're
gonna be focusing on the Second Amendment because the second wave since Obama's reelection
of the attempt to butcher the Second Amendment is on right now. We are at a razor thin margin
in the Senate with them being able to pass national gun registration, shutting down private
sales, felonies if you give your son or daughter a gun or they give you a gun, all sorts of
harassment.
The ATF being able to shut down gun shops and factories via color of law. The enemy
is coming in with their greatest assault ever and will probably provocateur or stage another
mass shooting very, very soon. In one of the victim disarmament zones that they've created
where no one can protect themselves and the children are trained to get in a fetal position
to be executed to help the shooter get the maximum death rate while the SWAT team stands
down outside so the mercenary group can exfiltrate out the back.
Even if you catch them exfiltrating, it's in the video of it. Or even if the Department
of Defense is running the shooter in Colorado, the general public just cannot get how criminal
this operation is we're facing. This is a foreign banking takeover of America. And if
you capture the United States completely, you've got all the drones, all the weapons,
all the troops, all the aircraft carriers, all the cruise missiles, the new cruise missiles.
The ICBMs are basically worthless folks, the new cruise missiles that are the ultimate
weapon in the arsenal on the record.
I mean, we are the big enchilada and they've got lots of collaborators, lots of arrogant
egomaniac yes men that are ready to sell out and they really think they can win a protracted
war. They really think you're gonna roll over and turn your guns in. Or they can just do
like New York and 15 other states have done, start banning semi-autos, banning high capacity
mags and then SWAT teaming and persecuting gun owners, veterans, setting up checkpoints
on highways and doing knock and talks to catch gun owners with guns they haven't turned in
to then fill the horrible private prisons with the patriots of America.
It's not gonna work. Let me tell you what's gonna happen, okay? And it's already happening
and they know this. You're gonna have cops dead all over the place. It's already happening.
You're gonna have cops with people that are fed up when you try to take their guns. People
aren't just gonna wait anymore in their house for you to come get the guns, okay?
These are combat trained people. Everybody knows it, okay? And it's gonna start a civil
war. And that's the plan. That's the false flag. And look, we've got now over 1,000 sheriffs
coming out and saying it's tyranny, it's evil. So they introduced a bill that the Secret
Service will have law enforcement power in the state of Colorado, they've introduced
it in other states, to arrest sheriffs.
That's civil war right there. But it's not even a civil war. The federal government has
been taken over by foreign banks. The sheriffs in some of the states realize that. That's
why you've got judges in Texas, state judges, county judges coming out and saying they're
setting up martial law.
They're preparing to take over a civil war before Obama got reelected. If you're not
getting chills, you don't have a heartbeat out there, ladies and gentlemen. So all of
this is going on, all of this is happening. And look at these headlines. I wanna show
TV viewers this, radio listeners, go to infoawars.com. Time columnist warning others about government
oppression is anti-American crap.
That's a quote. There is no oppression, there is no tyranny. And of course, they now admit
TSA on the streets, warrantless wiretapping, the police state, the persecution of patriots.
But see, they're scared of talking about the 2 billion bullets, the armored vehicles, or
the fact that, well, you want our guns while you're arming to the teeth?
That's the elephant in the room. That's why they're selling 30 plus guns on the instant
check registration system a minute. That's why they're having 70 million guns bought
every two years now on record. It's more like 100 million, cuz it's over, folks. Don't you
get it?
This isn't Russia with a bunch of poor peasants that never had freedom under the czars. And
then a bunch of commies come in and take over and just have a slaughterhouse. Not that the
Russians aren't tough people, but they were always under bondage, so they never had a
leg up. This is not Nazi Germany, which sure, the Germans were tough and smart, but they
were subservient.
It's a German thing to do what you're told, to get in line. This is not Nazi Germany.
This is not the Chinese peasants who'd been under 5,000 years of tyranny. Strong, smart
people, but always enslaved. This is America. This is the Republic, and you haven't chopped
all of our huevos off. You haven't destroyed this country completely yet.
There's over 100 million people who know who you are. This isn't just a republic, ladies
and gentlemen. This is Sparta, if you wanna use the 300 analogy, but it's not 300. It's
hundreds of thousands in every state who are sitting back, watching what's happening. And
everything's being confirmed for them, and they are locked, and they are loaded.
And I wanna tell the Federal Reserve and the New World Order something. You are not gonna
get away with this. You may be able to kill Ron Paul, or kill Alex Jones, and wipe out
the leadership. And the reason you haven't done that yet is because you know what that'll
do.
That'll energize us 110%, okay? We're powering up against your revolution against our republic.
We're energizing, we're rising. That's why you desperately went for the guns. It's why
you staged Aurora. It's why you staged Sandy Hook. It's your Gulf of Tonkin. You think
you're gonna get away with this just because you've got space planes with DU Sabos, just
because you've got cruise missiles?
All that stuff is worthless against a population. Brzezinski's bemoaned it, your top tactician.
You are designed to take down states, you're not designed to take down ideas. You've tried
to take men down, you've tried to balkanize America. If you watch MSNBC, that is New World
Order, Ford Foundation, Rockefeller Foundation, above the White House, it's panic zone.
Everybody fight racially, attack white people. So blacks go out and attack whites all over
the country, then they cover that up. But then they want whites scared to create division
at the same time as well.
They are hitting the panic button, ladies and gentlemen, for racial division, religious
division. But listen, listen, that's why they're going after the guns right now, ladies and
gentlemen, as a counter offensive because our offensive's winning. The big red one is
rolling right into Germany, ladies and gentlemen, Battle of the Bulge. What was that, 1943,
1944?
They're rolling in and they're throwing everything they've got to stop us. They're already done.
Their only hope is to convince you that you've lost. We have won. I know intellectually,
I know historically, I know politically, I know with my street smarts, my whole life
God's been training me. I wonder why all this horrible stuff happened to me growing up.
My whole life was preparation for this, ladies and gentlemen. Your whole life was preparation
for this. And we're not buying into this. We see it. We know it. We understand it. We
know where it's going and we know the enemy. We know the enemy. We know the enemy. And
they are a bunch of slime bags.
They're not coming to take our guns. They're trying to steal our guns. They're not admitting
they want our guns except on their own internal manuals when they slip up. They're coming
to steal our guns. Mike Martinez, involved with the Bloomberg Group, the Austin police
chief, high level now in the Obama administration. So slick that I told people privately here,
Arne Savada, I said that that guy's history in helping him take over major police departments
in LA. I believe that guy's probably deep cover fed. And he's got the nerve to come
in here, I'll talk to him.
And now he's up there not just with the other police chief, he's up there with Biden. He's
up there with Obama. Up there is he's a good salesman going, we don't want your guns. All
we want is to register them and to let if a psychiatrist says without any due process,
take your guns. And then Martinez gets up and says, you see that guy with a sign over
there who was silently standing there? So the people were bumping into him and cussing
at him.
We're gonna play the video up close of this with the cuss words beeped out. Then the police
came over and got in on the Americans, on the citizens who were just there holding up
their signs silently saying no gun ban. And Martinez says, hey, you that's dying for attention,
implying they were causing the disturbance. While the police try to violate their First
Amendment with pure in their little costumes, their little Captain Hook outfits.
We're supposed to wear gold crowns, we bow down to you. And he says, we're gonna play
this when we come back, the whole report. He points at him and he says, we're not taking
your guns today. But he goes, what we're doing today, we will then get your guns. I'll make
that sign legitimate.
So you keep that sign, you're gonna need it. I mean, that's it. Imagine, it's not just
that they wanna enslave us. They're not gonna enemy army landing saying we're here. No,
it's like Cicero said, the Roman philosopher and historian. The enemy inside that doesn't
come with a banner openly unfurled is the plague.
And I mean, I've been around these people and I've seen them and they're crazed with
the criminal energy. That's what it is to try to steal our Second Amendment and lie
about it, with the criminal energy. And that's what makes me just like a dog when it sees
a threat just instinctively because it's that energy, it's that evil energy.
It's an evil energy. They are empowered with it rise against them.
For those who know the benefits of silver, for those who know the healing history of
silver, and for those who want to be prepared. Now there's silver gauze, a nylon elastic
wrap with silver bonded to each individual fiber. Silver gauze is a long lasting washable
and reusable must have for any emergency kit. Get yours today at silver gauze.com. Spell
the silver, g-a-u-c-e dot com. Silver gauze is what your emergency kit is missing.
For more returns, call 800-686-2237. Secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
We travel so much and having a fake TV gives added peace of mind.
Burglars look for houses that appear to be easy targets, but fake TV can fool even professional
burglars into thinking someone is home watching television.
As a recent widow living alone, it gives me great peace of mind to set my fake TV near
a window and know that passing motorists and pedestrians will think someone is home watching
TV when I'm actually away from home.
Fake TV easily plugs into any outlet, just like a light on a timer.
And they're so easy to use, you just plug them in and they're ready to go. Plus, they're
so affordable that we have one upstairs and downstairs.
Fake TV is only $29.95 with free shipping. Order your fake TV by calling 877-5FAKETV
or go to faketv.com. That's 877-532-5388 or faketv.com. Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
Is this the year you finally get serious about your family's drinking water? If so, keep
listening for a special offer from Big Berkey Water Filters. Did you know that over 60 percent
of municipal water is fluoridated?
Berkey Water Filters distinguish themselves from many other filtration systems with the
capability to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine, fluoride, arsenic, and disinfection
byproducts from municipal water via the black Berkey and PF line of filters. Then there's
affordability. At only 1.7 cents per gallon, Berkey Water Filters purify treated and untreated
water, even stagnant pond water. Stop and think how much money you could save by simply
reducing buying bottled water and using water filtered by your Berkey Water Filter. No need
to be constantly replacing expensive filters with a Berkey. A single set of filters can
last for 5 to 10 years. Choose the best size Berkey for your needs at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com
and right now all GCN listeners get 5 percent off all ceramic filter systems. Just call
1-877-99-BERKEY. That's 877-99-BER-KEY or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com. Free shipping
on every order over $50. Big Berkey Water Filters, for the love of clean water.
In the last two years alone, the US has seen huge losses to our food supply. In 2011, storms
and floods raged across the US, costing us $20 billion in lost crops alone. In 2012,
we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years. You may think out of
sight, out of mind, and so you don't think you will be affected. The fact is, you are.
We all are. Food shortages drive prices up for everyone. You might not be able to control
Mother Nature, but you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability
of your food supply with eFoods Direct. Be prepared before you need it with nutrient
dense food you can store for up to 25 years. You can hope for the best, but hope won't
feed you. Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best, durable foods out there
from eFoods Direct. Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward
slash Alex and check out their spring specials. Again, that number is 800-409-5633 or on the
web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex. You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
Now they want to divide us and demonize our liberties as if they're tyrannies. Ladies and
gentlemen, here's the report on Mike Martinez, Austin City Council person, minion of Bloomberg
with the police chief. And what you're seeing is treason against this republic. It is sedition,
whether he knows it or not, and he shows his inner knowledge of we're going to get you
registered, then we're going to confiscate. Here's the report.
Austin City Council member Mike Martinez. Thank you so much. I've got a proclamation
on the African American City Council that we want to present, but I want to say a couple
of words, and I'll be brief. First of all, to the gentleman who's dying for attention,
someone needs to inform them that there is no gun ban currently, but because of the work
that we're doing here today, we will make your side legitimate shortly. So you hang
on to that. Alex Jones here for Infowars Nightly News
with a gun owner emergency alert. We sent our reporters out to the Texas Capitol here
in Austin to film the Mayor Bloomberg sponsored event with the Austin police chief calling
for the restriction of the second amendment, shutting down the gun shows, not having private
sales, restricting quote high capacity magazines and city councilman Mike Martinez, who's set
to be the next mayor, came out and pointed at a man in the audience who had a sign saying
stop the gun ban. And he said, listen, buddy, you're trying to make attention yelling over
there. We're gonna play the clip here in a moment. He says, that's not happening yet,
but once we do this, that is going to happen to thunderous applause. Everywhere these collectivists
have been in control, not just worldwide, but in Chicago, New York, and other areas,
they've banned the guns, but first they register them. First they register them. And he says
to him, Hey, we're not banning your guns right now. We're going to do what we're doing now,
which is registration. And then we're going to take them. And that's what they've done
everywhere. And that's, what's so frustrating about this. We have the clip of the attorney
general back when he was deputy attorney general saying, we're going to brainwash the public
against guns in the media. And what we need to do is change the way in which people think
about guns, especially young people. One thing that I think is clear with young people and
with adults as well is that we just have to be repetitive about this. It's not enough
to simply have a catchy ad on a Monday and then only do it every Monday. We need to do
this every day of the week and just really brainwash people into thinking about guns
in a vastly different way. And then of course we have the clip of Diane Feinstein on 60
minutes saying if she had the votes, Mr. And Mrs. America, turn in your semi-autos. If
I could have gotten 51 votes in the Senate of the United States for an outright ban picking
up every one of them, Mr. And Mrs. America, turn them all in. I would have done it.
And after they've gotten those, they're going to take all the rest. The truth is they're
buying millions of bullets. They're buying armored vehicles. This is an authoritarian
takeover. And when Obama was a state Senator, he was for the total abolition of firearms
ownership. The UN treaty they're trying to ratify right now in the Senate does the same
thing and they admit it in our face. Even deep in the heart of Texas, Mr. Martinez gets
up and says, basically, after we register your guns, we are going to confiscate them.
I've got a proclamation on the African American city council that we want to present, but
I want to say a couple of words and I'll be brief. First of all, to the gentleman that's
paying a lot of attention, someone needs to inform them that there is no gun ban currently,
but because of the work that we're doing here today, we will make your side legitimate shortly.
So you hang on to that.
Mexico has a total gun ban and has had 60,000 gun deaths the last six years because only
the government and criminals have guns. This second amendment is a right of all Americans
and it's despicable that these authoritarians creep around on the news and say, we just
want reasonable restriction register when they're on record. All of them saying they
plan to confiscate all our guns as part of a total government takeover of society. Please
get this video out to everyone you know, because they want to act like they're being reasonable
and Oh, it's no big deal. When on record, they really want to confiscate all our firearms.
Alex Jones reporting for M4 Wars Nightly News.
Yes, these men and their hypnotized followers follow this a new order. It is not new and
it is not honor.
Ladies and gentlemen, people like Mike Martinez and Mayor Bloomberg and others are conscious
of the fact that it's about state control. He lives behind armed guards. He is behind
incredible security at the huge edifice to government worship that is the Austin City
Council. And they crave power. They crave uniforms and guns and they want your guns
your right as a free human.
I burn with a desire for liberty for North Korea and Mexico. I love those people. And
I burn with defiance against Kim Jong Un and Mike Martinez. I burn with defiance and at
least you're honest, though, that you do plan to confiscate our guns. In fact, I have more
respect for you than I do for R&A Savannah.
We're on the march. The Empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Bend Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions
are stockpiling food, gold and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you
for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective
against bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver
has over 500 different uses and a long term shelf life, making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com. Use the promo code prepared for 20% off your
entire order and like us on Facebook. A little over a year ago, I began to do a lot of research
into why, even though I had a pretty good sized meal, that I was still starving. And
my research led me to a well known fact that most of the soils that we grow our crops on
here in the United States and across the industrialized world are almost completely depleted of almost
all of the key minerals and trace elements that our bodies need to rebuild themselves,
fight off cancer and be healthy. I then searched out the best vitamin and mineral company out
there and discovered Young Jevity. The Young Jevity products are designed to give you the
real nutrition you need. And once you've got that, you don't have to eat as much to be
satisfied. I've lost 37 pounds in two months simply getting the vitamins and minerals I
need. Check it out for yourself. It's incredible. Go to info wars team.com today and order your
first canister of beyond tangy tangerine complete multivitamin mineral complex dietary supplement.
That's info wars team dot com. Leading a frontal assault on the lives of the New World Order.
That's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network. That's what I like a frontal assault. Our
enemy is weak. That's why they creep around and lie and deceive. And then only in private
moments that you get caught on C-SPAN, Sarah Brady more than 15 years ago saying we've
got to get the registration before the confiscation before we can create a socialist America.
That's a quote. And that's the battle plan. I mean, Bloomberg has taken all of the guns
in New York. He is financing people to run for office to take guns in Texas. He is financing
TV ads. He is taking Mike Martinez and the awesome police chief and, you know, flying
them up to D.C., flying them up to New York.
A lot of its taxpayer money paid for as well. While Bloomberg has at least 15 guards at
any one time. And while all these guys have guns, there's R.J. Saaveda with a gun on his
side at the Capitol that clearly holds 15 rounds, a Glock, maybe even more. And he's
saying you shouldn't be able to have that when you've done nothing wrong.
And he goes, you're either with us, the police or with the criminals. See, that's saying
you do what we say or you're criminals. That's the psychology. He's giving exact White House
talking points. And again, your mayor probably doing it in your town as well. Because that's
what this is all about, total domination.
And to have Mike Martinez up there, you know, make it a joke. Hey, we're not going to take
your guns right now. We're going to take them after we finish the work we're doing today,
which is not letting you have a gun that isn't registered. Not letting you buy a gun where
it doesn't go through the database.
And I've got a clip we're going to play later in the next hour. Adan Salazar did a report
on it where CNN says that no guns are being taken in California from anyone. And they
have Larry Pratt on the show. And the guy's sitting there going, we've never taken any
guns. No one's taking your guns. And Larry Pratt didn't even know how to respond.
So we're gonna be playing a clip of that. I mean, this is how crazy it's gotten with
their incessant lying. And remember, their followers aren't really authoritarians. The
minions really think that guns come out and kill children. These are people that have
never been in a fistfight, never gone hunting, think being a man is a bad thing.
The men are all beyond effeminate. The women are all these shrieking weirdos, anti-man
feminist. I've been to these Million Mom March things, there'll be like 15 of them. They're
all government people, all of them, all bureaucrats, all living off us. And they're just crazed
eyed. They worship the state, they worship the uniform. Like when Buzz Bissinger said,
we ought to kill Alex Jones.
And here's more, he goes, yeah, I could wear my brother's uniform. Well, the ambassador's
daughter goes, you need to wear a uniform when you do it. I wanna be their baby. He
goes, I could wear my brother's uniform. He's in the military. They're like, yeah, baby,
yeah. Then Buzz Bissinger comes out and says, I've spent 600,000 on women's clothes, baby.
I'm not kidding. This is who we're talking about. You're like, you're shocked by me wearing
women's clothes.
No, I don't care, buddy. I'm gonna be looking through my binoculars at nebulas and fish
and ponds. I don't care if you shock me by wearing a dress. I'm trillions of light years
ahead of you. That's why you're so afraid to die. It's why you're such a degenerate.
It's why you're, because you're not tuned into everything. You're a joke. And I wanna
tell Mike Martinez and Bloomberg and Feinstein and all of you something. I come from a good
family.
My listeners come from good people and real adversity. And we know the truth and we know
what you are. And you may crave all the power cuddling up to the globalist, competing who
can be the slimiest, who can deceive the best, who can get up there like a Pentecostal preacher
and like a police chief going, nobody's gonna take your guns.
We just want the psychiatrists to be able to do whatever they want. And you can't have
high capacity mags. We're gonna arrest you for those. See, they don't tell you all that.
It's all reasonable. We just don't want killers to get guns. Adam Lanza, who supposedly got
the guns from his mother, who went through all these background checks and registry to
get it.
And so now they're just gonna ban those guns in Connecticut. What are you gonna ban? Exacto
knives in this sick culture where every show is about a serial killer. Every show is about
murder and death and all these weak people get into it and are fascinated by it. I always
noticed they're just these arrested people.
If you'd ever been around real violence, real death, you wouldn't think it was so cute anymore.
Don't worry though, whatever civilizations visualize, they end up manifesting. And we're
gonna manifest hell on earth because we've let the worst people get control and then
sit there and lecture us and tell us that we are the ones responsible for the deaths
of the children there.
And they personalize those children. While hundreds of thousands get brain damaged every
year, thousands die from the vaccines, the fluoride in the water. I mean, the tap water,
you can almost light it on fire. In fact, it's lit on fire before in Houston. I mean,
you're just drinking that, the cancer rate's going straight up.
But none of that's personalized. None of that's brought out on the news. Unless it's, look
at the cancer victim, the young child. Why are all the kids getting cancer? Gee, we don't
know. Give money to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, they'll find a cure. By the way,
here's a polio vaccine full of five or six different deadly cancer viruses that'll bond
to your child's DNA with the RNA and kill them.
How's that sound? I mean, this is the type of stuff we're talking about here. So I wanna
go over some articles and then to this KHOU report. Because you just heard, and next hour
got my reporters that we're gonna play more behind the scenes where they're handing out
the fake signs to then say they were all grassroots.
Where they're coming over and intimidating people saying they can't have a sign that's
pro-gun and then blaming them saying they're disruptive. And the police chief coming over
and saying, you tell Alex to get it straight and get his story straight. Nobody wants to
take his guns. Yeah, and I'm a Chinese jet pilot from Pluto, buddy boy.
Don't you get it? I see you. You play your game, how there's no armored vehicles. By
the way, guess who's on the Cap Metro board who authorized TSA? No other cities except
New York, Chicago, LA, Detroit, collapsed globalist areas have TSA on the street.
They now sneak them out so I can't go confront them. But every week they pop up somewhere
downtown and just stop cars, go to buses, go to trains, dig through bags without warrants.
Mike Martinez, they want the guns, folks. You know what you should be worried about?
They've been told by the higher ups, you get those guns and you get them now. What do you
think they've got planned? That they know that the drugged out, entertainment out America
will wake up.
That they know and are saying to the military, get ready for a civil war years ago. Gearing
up spying on everybody, trying to find out what military will follow orders. They're
running around like people on the deck of a sinking ship trying to get to lifeboats
right now.
Most of the elite are leaving and going to armored islands offshore. That's been reported
on in mainstream news. They're acting like because they can't believe they're stealing
85 billion a month, but they can't help themselves. They can't believe that they're killing thousands
of babies a month that are already born in America by dehydrating them.
They can't believe every hospital in the country that's government controlled is murdering
people right now who are begging for water. You're like, well, that sounds a little radical.
Look up the Wall Street Journal series, Wesley Smith on it. They can't believe they're getting
away with this, so of course they're arming the wicked flee when none pursue.
Because they understand, they can calculate and go, the black uniforms don't intimidate
them. We're flooding the borders wide open, bankrupting everything, but still they've
got guns. Even if we vote to take them, they know we're tyrants. What do we do? And the
elite are offshore giving their orders.
You take care of them. You take care of them, Bloomberg. You take care of them, Mike Martinez.
You take care of them. You take care of them. And all the police manuals. I was watching
a Southern Poverty Law Center one last night. In fact, we may play it later, it's on YouTube
and they're like, the police are like, you need to know these people are ready to die.
They're not gonna turn their guns in. I'm the police chief of West Memphis, and they
killed the other officer and my son, and they will kill you. So you gotta get after them.
Yeah, that's what you need to do. Get after people that are willing to die. Start a fight
with people that are, that went real well for the Mexican government in Mexico, didn't
it?
Who's got their clock completely cleaned by other cartels that want the money. They're
like, hey, you think you can kill people, Mexican government? You think you're the El
Jefe? We're the El Jefes cuz we worship the Grim Reaper. Well, you know who I worship?
The King of Kings, the Lord of Lords, Jesus Christ. And that's who our founders worshiped,
and they kicked the biggest empire's butt the world had ever seen that nobody could
beat.
And they lost almost every battle, but they persevered and were ready to die and ready
to kill. And so they couldn't be beaten. The Iraqis, ladies and gentlemen, are known for
their courage, but not for their shooting abilities, okay? That's a joke in the military.
But the whole point is, 100,000 troops in Baghdad couldn't hold it, okay? So here's
the deal. That's why you see Biden and all of them always talking about all the weapons
they've got and how powerful they are, and you got Sharpton and Rangel saying, we got
drones now.
Forget your Second Amendment. Yeah, I know it's there to protect against a bad government.
Doesn't matter, we got the drones now. Like, you're a part of the establishment up there,
Al Sharpton. I wonder how many of your families died from vaccines they were given. Did you
get a memo, Al, not to drink the Diet Coke or the tap water?
The only time you mean something, the only time you become somebody, is when you join
liberty and stop being a race-baiting pimp. But these people are defeated. They've already
lost. If their system comes in, if the New World Order succeeds, population reductions
of at least 80%. Bankrupted future. People like Mike Martinez are gonna have to look
at the poverty around them.
Don't you think all the el Jefes in Mexico who've strangled it for hundreds of years
and not let their people ever get ahead, do you think they recognize how they've destroyed
their own culture and are ensuring the destruction of their own progeny down the road? No, they're
thinking about how they can dominate and shut people down now because watching other people
be successful is a burr in their saddle.
And so they think you're stupid. They're gonna creep around and say, we don't want your guns.
That's a conspiracy theory. There's a new clip of Biden saying the black helicopter
crowd thinks we want their guns. They're crazy. No, Biden, you just voted for the original
assault weapons ban back in the early 90s that would confiscate all semi-autos.
And Feinstein's on tape saying, if I could have gotten that bill, Mr. And Mrs. America
turn them all in. And then they'll take all the others like they always do. So let me
show you some articles here. Here it is. Columnist, time columnist warning others about government
oppression is anti-government crap.
It doesn't exist. Klein supports democide, but says you are paranoid if you question
government. That's right. It's anti-American to question government. That's of course 180
degrees the opposite direction. DHS contractor apologizes for selling shooting targets of
children. DHS paid them 2 million for targets of five-year-old children and pregnant women
to target them to kill them.
Remember that? Here's Forbes. How the US military would crush a Tea Party rebellion. Another
sheriff has come out with their internal training the feds gave them, where it's all about crushing
patriots and sheriffs. And they tell the sheriffs in these meetings the feds do, we know a lot
of you are with the rebellion and we're gonna get you.
That's a new article by Kurt Nemo. I told you cops when you go to this you're being
assessed by an offshore bank mercenary. That's not Alex Jones rhetoric. That is 100% Veritas
being directly to you. That's why the enemy with their fake means all day says I'm not
real hoping you don't go check into what I'm saying to find out it's real.
Because the fact that I'm real gives you aid and comfort that you're real and we give each
other strength to stand against this enemy. That's why they can't have anybody believe
Alex Jones isn't New World Order or isn't CIA or isn't with the Koch brothers or any
of this bull. They have to do that. The spirit of evil has to do that because it can't ever
let anybody know there's other real souls out there.
But you know your soul's real. You know you're good. You know liberty beats in your breast.
You know when tyrants menace you, it makes you angry. It makes you wanna resist them.
You know you're not a coward. You know you have the animating spirit of liberty in your
heart and soul and mind. You feel the presence of God. These people run from you. They want
you dead. All those that hate me love death.
How the military would crush a Tea Party rebellion, bullets for kids, training manuals, Homeland
Security Youth Brigades. Look at this, DHS funded course ask cops if they will confiscate
guns from Christians. Colorado troopers trained to consider Christians as dangerous terrorists.
Don't believe kurtnetoninfallworks.com or the sheriff or the troopers that have gone
public in this article. Look right here. Army labeled evangelicals and religious groups
as extremists, including all Catholics, all evangelicals, Fox News.
They had Baptist preachers at this anti gun rally in Austin invoking, using the deep Luciferian
terms for Lucifer. We got that clip coming soon too. Ladies and gentlemen, the enemy
is making its move as a desperate Battle of the Bulge counter offensive against us.
You need to understand, you need to understand they're going for everything right now and
this is their moment of danger. And that's why they're hoaxing and losing all their credibility.
It doesn't matter. Once they set off a nuke or something and bring in martial law, they
plan on trying to arrest us. They need to get the troops and military ready to go out
in phalanxes against us.
That's why you've got to emergency transmit now. They're gonna take over the cell phones,
the data, all of it pumping government bull once they drop the hammer. But take heart
ladies and gentlemen, the only future is resisting them. And if they think with their actuaries
and computer programs, they're not gonna win, they'll back off. Now I wanna go to this KHOU
piece.
You just heard the unedited tape where the city councilman said he's gonna get our guns
after he registers them. Then they show Martinez, they go, no one's gonna take your guns and
Martinez said so. And the Houston TV station cuts to him saying no one's gonna take your
guns. Imagine the psyops and they imply the pro gun people were causing trouble when it
was the other way around.
Here's that clip.
Rally for tougher gun laws becomes a heated debate when gun rights advocates bring a message
of their own. Then I beat Shannon Murray's live at the state Capitol with our top story.
Jade, that's right, about 100 people showed up at the Capitol today for the Texas rally
for gun sense. And although they were briefly interrupted by gun rights activists, organizers
of the rally say that their message today is not about banning-
They were not interrupted? Oh, it's not about guns.
Dozens of demonstrators fighting for stricter gun laws.
We talk a lot about this issue. We need to do something about it.
Dozens of bureaucrats want your guns.
Among the speakers at Saturday's rally, people whose lives have been touched by gun violence.
She could have fought him off. She would have won if he hadn't had the gun.
Her daughter should have had a gun.
Universal background checks limiting assault weapons and high capacity magazines, and they
oppose bringing any guns on a school campus.
I used to just be a mom and now I'm a mom and an activist.
Hillary Rand is with Moms Demand Action.
Yeah, make sure the schools are shooting clubs for psycos.
I couldn't go on with daily life without trying to make things better.
Neither can we.
Two gun rights activists interrupted the rally, bringing their own message front and center.
I'm all for stopping crime, but I'm a big supporter of this.
Hit pause right there.
We're gonna go to break. Back it up. They keep saying they interrupted, they interrupted.
These guys, we have all the footage. Totally calm, standing there, all of their signs.
They come over, cuss at them, push on them. The police come over.
And the don't worry though, the media will cover up for you and say that the pro-gunners
were bad.
And we come back, R.J. Seveda is up there doing his preacher bit. We don't want your
guns. And then they go, see, even Martinez says nobody wants your guns. And then they
cut to him saying, that sign's gonna be needed and legitimate soon, cuz we're coming for
your guns.
But they trim it down, and that's all part, that's KVUE, but it also aired in Houston.
That's why I originally got it from Houston. That's a local Austin station sitting there
showing how masterful they are. Cuz if you show you can lie better, maybe you'll get
a job in New York.
But taking the truth of them saying we're gonna get your guns after we register them,
just saying no one wants your guns, and the pro-gun people caused a disturbance, bad boys.
American gardeners and fellow patriots, make the right choice with your money, time, and
your family food supply.
Choose 100% pure heirloom seeds in the Survival Seed Vault from mypatriotsupply.com. Why spend
more?
The Survival Seed Vault from mypatriotsupply.com is only $37.95. It includes 20 varieties
of pure, hearty, easy to grow heirloom seeds.
Yes, only $37.95. That's 70% less than our competitors.
You could buy three Survival Seed Vaults for less than one of theirs.
The Survival Seed Vault from mypatriotsupply.com includes detailed planting and seed saving
instructions and ships same day.
Plus, all orders over $49 ship free.
mypatriotsupply.com is American owned by patriots like you.
Passionate about freedom and preparedness. Call now. 866-229-0927.
That's 866-229-0927.
Or discover more emergency preparedness items when you order at mypatriotsupply.com.
Choose the original. Choose the Survival Seed Vault at mypatriotsupply.com.
Gardeners, here comes another growing season, but don't use last year's soil.
Maximize yields in your survival garden with EM-1 from Tereganics.
EM-1 is an organic soil conditioner, fertilizer amendment, and compost accelerant that provides
a broad spectrum of beneficial microorganisms, enzymes, trace minerals, vitamins, and various
organic acids.
EM-1 helps regulate the soil's pH level and its soil microbes, improving moisture retention
and drought tolerance.
Remember last year's dry conditions?
EM-1 from Tereganics is safe, chemical free, and certified for use on all organic farms.
It improves plant quality, size, color, flavor, and gives up to 20% more nutrient value in
fruits and vegetables, and greatly increases shelf life.
And EM-1 is so simple to use, just mix with water and apply.
This year, prepare your crisis garden for maximum yields with EM-1 from Tereganics.com.
Order now at T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X.com, or call toll free, 866-369-3678.
That's 866-369-3678.
Tereganics, life's getting better.
We've lived in this neighborhood for years.
We have an alarm system, and all of our doors have deadbolts.
They kicked in our door and were in and out of our house in about five minutes.
The police arrived in about 20 minutes, but they were long gone with our TV, jewelry,
and my guns.
I kept thinking, what if my family had been home?
The police officer said that more than 85% of break-ins are through a door, and that
deadbolts alone don't stop intruders.
The officer told me to go to easyarmor.net if we wanted something that would actually
stop an intruder.
Easy Armor reinforces all of the weak points on your doors and is guaranteed to prevent
kick-ins.
I was surprised at how little Easy Armor costs, and I installed Easy Armor in about 30 minutes.
Visit easyarmor.net.
That's the letters E-Z-A-R-M-O-R dot net, or call 888-58-ARMOR.
That's 888-582-7667, easyarmor.net, ultimate door security made easy.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are back live, and we're gonna have my two reporters with us
with breaking news and really showing the manufactured consent that goes on in an anti-gun
victim disarmament, foreign banker-funded collaborator meeting.
That's what it is.
I mean, we're sitting here watching history happen.
People always think of the tyrant that looks like Hitler or Stalin that came before, or
Napoleon.
You know, 30 years later, you're looking for a guy that looks like Napoleon.
But every new tyrant, every new attack looks different.
But it's always the same about enslaving and taking control of the society.
And that's what it is.
The governing class and the corporations that have grown up around it, they want us enslaved.
Briefly, if you believe in what we're doing and wanna get the word out, go to info war
store dot com.
We've got a new t-shirt.
We have the AK-47 with the keep and bear arms inside of it.
Come and take it.
Now we have that as well, but an M-16 with the Second Amendment inside of it and the
come and take it.
And it's red, white, and blue.
And that helps get the word out and support the broadcast.
And I see the t-shirts all over the country, not just here in Austin, Texas now.
So good job, everybody supporting us and supporting freedom by getting these t-shirts.
The pro pure water filter is 10% off of promo code water.
Lowest price out there on the best systems available, period.
Look at the side by side comparisons at info war store.com or call toll free to talk to
our crew and operators 888-253-3139.
So if you just tuned in, we're gonna play this in the next hour again.
Mike Martinez, part of the Bloomberg crew with the police chief in Austin who's up with
Obama right now calling for restrictions.
So these are globalist operatives here.
They are openly saying, look, the pro gunners disrupted us and we're gonna show you the
truth.
And we don't wanna take your guns and the news media even shows the clip where he admits
after we register, we're gonna try to confiscate.
So yeah, we are coming for your guns.
But then they cut to it and act like he never said that.
So here is the rest.
It's on the KHOU website, but I guess it's from KVUE here in Austin.
Here it is.
Formed after the school shooting in Connecticut.
I couldn't go on with daily life without trying to make things better.
Two gun rights activists interrupted the rally bringing their own message front and center.
I'm all for stopping crime, but I'm a big supporter of the second amendment.
He disrupted nothing.
It's a cornerstone of our freedom.
This activist who goes by Texas George says he does not believe more gun control is the
answer.
All that does is give a law abiding citizen a disadvantage.
The crowd quickly stood up and tried to block their signs.
Law enforcement even stepped in.
Law enforcement.
It's time to speak up against people who are perpetrating things that just aren't true.
Perpetrating?
No one wants to ban guns here.
Austin city councilman Mike Martinez even addressed the two men saying the message on
their sign is incorrect.
We will make your sign legitimate shortly and you can hang on and out.
That's enough.
We'll play more later to show the lie with the report.
We've got about a minute and a half, Sha'Carri Jackson, David Knight, you were at this rally
a few days ago.
What is it like to see the media spin like that and lie like that?
I thought it was incredible.
That's my first time seeing that clip.
I didn't know that they had that type of spin on it.
Because if you show the whole clip, which we do here at Info Wars, you clearly see the
guys out there peacefully protesting silently for the most part.
Now the taller gentleman who was with him when Martinez addressed him, he addressed
Martinez back.
And I do believe we have a clip we'll show our viewers here in a little bit where a guy
started cussing and yelling at the two guys who were standing peacefully with their sign.
But the media spin is they were out there interrupting and barging in on this protest
when they were doing nothing of the sort.
What about saying no one wants to take your guns when Martinez basically said, yeah, we're
gonna register now and then get them.
You'll need that sign.
Oh yeah, just like the lady said, they show the lady and maybe that was her view.
But they show the clip of Martinez was saying, yes, I'm gonna take your guns and you're gonna
need that sign very soon because we're gonna take your guns.
Well, they edited his comments to make it sound that way.
It's just incredible.
Yeah, no, no, no one wants your guns and then they spin the Martinez clip to deceive their
viewers.
I mean, you guys work in news.
They had to work to be deceptive.
We try to tell the truth.
So much work went into that, folks, because they think you're an idiot.
They're an enemy operation.
This is GCN, the Genesis Communications Radio Network.
Introducing Pro One.
All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go.
No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolicic
acid.
Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one
filter element.
It is the only one that does it and out of the gates.
We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolicic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro Pure with the new Pro One filters today at Infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Waging war on corruption, Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups.
You want answers?
Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network and now live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
All right folks, I've got my reporters David Knight and Sha'Carri Jackson in studio with
us.
I know that XM and some other stations join us in the first hour, but also in the second
and third.
Some of our reporters are joining us now.
And gentlemen, how would you recap for people that just tuned in, the state of the all-out
war on the Second Amendment and then watching the microcosm of how the Bloomberg, Wall Street,
it's the corporations trying to take our guns so they can get all the corporate welfare.
Watching the Bloomberg machine here in Austin is a microcosm for the rest of the country
and the solid wall of deception.
And then Martinez gets off script, the mayor proteum and says, well, we're gonna register
now, then we'll get your guns later.
David Knight?
There's a lot of deception with this.
The whole thing is based on deception and saying, if you believe this, you're a conspiracy
theorist and you're paranoid.
But when you really scratch them, when you get them really upset, when you get them fired
up, they say something like Martinez did.
And what you can see with this crowd shot that we've got there is something that's exactly
the opposite of what KHOU had.
KHOU was saying that it was these two Second Amendment activists who were disrupting the
crowd, but they were just silently standing there.
And it was the crowd that was crowding around them and holding signs in front of them and
in back of them.
We got a clip of that.
And we got a clip of the guy talking, he was very calm.
And it was a guy in the back that started screaming profanities in a really loud voice.
And at that point, Arcevado and the other cops converged on these two guys, and they
were watching them.
They weren't watching to protect them from the other crowd.
And this has happened to me, and this whole Bloomberg group is just all under globalist
control and city control.
It's happened to me all over the country where they have somebody come over and yell and
scream, and then the cops come in on you, and then later you see that person leave with
them.
Well, it's very telling because you have Bloomberg with his demand to plan, and these are moms
who demand an action.
I mean, it's all coming from the same people, it's the same attitude, and it's the nanny
state.
First you get the women, then you've got the children, so follow the man, Adolf Hitler.
They're making demands on us, and it's the nanny state, this kind of nanny attitude.
And of course, they're gonna be natural allies with moms who are gonna kind of fit into that
whole nanny state thing.
Well, there's another nanny, they're called house slaves.
Yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
No, that's the Roman model.
I mean, I've got the manuals.
These are house slaves.
They're there, the government's their buddy, and they're gonna tell the men what to do.
Right, right, right.
I mean, the Bible says the ultimate tyranny, women will be set on top of you, and that's
what this is.
Nothing against women.
The women get totally enslaved in it.
Look at where women are in this society, totally depressed, pure sex objects now, the opposite
of what they claim they didn't want to be.
Jakar, we're going to break.
Tell us about some of the clips we've got coming up, the great crews in there running.
Well, coming up, we have the clip David was just alluding to where the crowd starts yelling
at the two guys who were peacefully protesting and Acevedo and some other police officers
come in.
And also, we'll show you some crowd comparisons to this most recent Moms Demand action rally
versus some of the other ones.
That is banker, collaborators demand we be their slaves.
Yeah, they're saying that they don't want your guns, but when Martina says, yeah, we're
gonna take your guns, everybody starts cheering and clapping.
And we have more, we have Acevedo's view on registration and Acevedo also criticizing
constitutional sheriffs.
I think that's gonna be a- But and then after we do that, we'll play
Biden saying, the Secret Service is coming to get you.
The bill says they'll have law enforcement power in the states and go after people, sheriffs
that don't do what they're told.
And then they just hope you don't, in fact, I had that yesterday stack.
Can somebody from the crew get me the article about, I think it was a Kurt Nemo article,
Secret Service Prepares.
I think it was Colorado up in arms over bill to send Secret Service after sheriffs, and
the sheriffs are speaking up.
It's Hickenlooper in Colorado, Governor Hickenlooper is pushing, yeah, is on the side of that bill.
But I mean, what do you call that when they just lie about everything?
Deception, that's the only term I could come up to describe that.
Well, it's propaganda.
It's the sort of thing where you tell, it doesn't matter what you say as long as you
repeat it enough and loudly enough, and you ridicule the other side.
Well, that's another Hitler quote.
Yeah, right, right.
So it doesn't matter that we'd link to the documents, right?
Doesn't matter it's on the federal government's own site, doesn't matter it's a bill being
debated in Colorado, Biden gets up and goes, that doesn't exist.
They did the same thing the mom said, they hold their signs up in front of it to say
something else.
Well, the same thing they did to the Second Amendment.
Well, they yell at you and bump into you, then the cops come over onto you.
Right.
Pretty much, yeah.
Can you imagine how they're going to act once they get our guns?
I mean, they're literally going to have us in slave camps.
They've said they are.
In fact, we have the city councilman saying, well, get your guns after registration.
Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers.
The prognosis for the entire planetary economic system runs from bad to worse.
The globalist model is to shut down societies and starve patriots out until they acquiesce
to the global takeover.
That's why we've assembled the most vital and important preparedness items at Infowarsshop.com.
These are items that I did research on that I personally use.
We've got the LifeStraw so you can turn fetid water into safe water anywhere you go.
The Ktor hand crank generator to charge up key equipment during power outages or out
in the field.
Strategic Relocation, third edition by Joel Skousen.
When disaster strikes by Matthew Stein.
TheraSafe used by Homeland Security to protect yourself during any radiological event.
Hand crank shortwave AM-FM radios.
Everything that we've researched and found to be the best is available at Infowarsshop.com
and your purchase makes our info war possible.
We're getting prepared.
Are you Infowarsshop.com.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Bend Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth friendly and safe.
See them on the web at FiveStarSoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning
needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at FiveStarSoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms, but if you don't have a home security system
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe.
It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to GetSimplySafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down you're protected.
It's completely customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit or shed.
GetSimplySafe.com.
SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes so there's no
need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home but SimpliSafe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours
a day, 7 days a week.
Again that's GetSimplySafe.com.
Well so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network and now live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Ladies and gentlemen, a full out, total 360 degree attack is going on in the entire Bill
of Rights.
States' rights, First Amendment, Second Amendment, they're arresting people all over the country
for filming police in public, 5 years, 10 years, 20 years in jail, 85 billion a month
to foreign banks.
They can't believe they've gotten away with this and now they're going full tilt boogie
just using the 20 dead children, ignoring medical neglect, killing hundreds of thousands
a year, all the rest of it.
The drones killing hundreds of children a week and just saying it's your fault gun owners,
you need to give us your guns and just be reasonable.
We don't want your guns, even though everywhere we get control after we register we do take
them.
I mean look at New York, they've taken everybody's guns, Chicago, look at Europe.
It's the same plan, register then confiscate.
And city councilman Mike Martinez, Mayor Protean, fast tracked with Bloomberg just like our
police chief who was there with him, if you're listening around the country, yesterday press
conferences with Biden.
I mean he's up there talking folks, he's not just a police chief behind him because he
is slick.
I've said privately either this guy is a silver tongue psychopath or he's actually a good
guy but I said I think he's a bad guy.
And I've said that, I've even told him that in the hallway and he's like, no, I'm not,
I came from Cuba in tyranny, I don't want to live under it.
But the fact is Ace Aveda knows what he's doing and he may have lied to himself or whatever,
well this is the way it's going, I'll just go along with it.
But my crew was there and this is a guy being brought in by Bloomberg, really to be one
of the main spokesman against us now.
Because Austin is a key city, ladies and gentlemen, fastest growing, wealthiest in the country
per capita.
The heart of Texas, it's part of the UN agenda 21, they call it the tri-city map to take
over the state via Austin, it's the capital.
And this video, I'm gonna have our reporters break it down as we've got eight clips here
and eight different angles of deception.
But David Knight who was there with Sha'Carri Jackson, this was this weekend and we finally
got around to looking at the footage a few days ago as the guy's been busy with other
news.
Break down, well first let's play the clip and then we'll get David Knight and Sha'Carri
Jackson's take on it and then walk through these other clips.
But here is the Austin city council member to a guy that has a sign for new listeners
saying stop gun ban.
And he says, hey, we're not gonna ban guns right now, this is not an assault, this is
not a tat offensive.
Don't run, we are your friends, this is not an assault at the Waco compound.
But after we do this, which is gun registration, you will need that sign because we are gonna
do that, you'll need that sign to which the crowd roars.
And Martinez has already said, shut down the gun shows, ban the guns before.
So this is their plan, they say it all the time, but then they tell you, that's not our
plan.
So they're not trying to take our rights or trying to steal them under the radar, which
just shows the despicable nature.
But Martinez love to brag, who loves to brag, scum.
They always love to tell you, and it's just like in the cartoons with a bad guy, you know
what I'm gonna do to you now?
And they give the plan, that's really how it works, it's in criminology.
Now let's go ahead and play this clip.
Thank you so much, I've got a proclamation on the African American City Council that
we want to present, but I want to say a couple of words, and I'll be brief.
First of all, to the gentleman who's dying for attention, someone needs to inform them
that there is no gun ban currently.
But because of the work that we're doing here today, we will make your side legitimate shortly.
So you hang on to that.
All right, and there's the thunderous jones here for applause, and then it goes into the
rest of my report showing more of them saying it.
You can go to infoawars.com and see all of our articles, you can also go to drudgereport.com.
We're in New York, they're now announcing, they're going after everyone who's ever been
on any type of anti-depression meds or meds, period, that are seen as anti-anxiety.
And this is how it is, get you in the system, then declare you mentally defunct.
It's happening to the veterans, it's gonna happen to everybody now.
This is the full authoritarian takeover to persecute gun owners and libertarians.
Okay, guys, Jakari Jackson, David Knight, walk through these clips, you've got the floor.
Well, we've got a couple of things here.
First to kind of talk about the crowd, we're gonna talk about what Acevedo said when he
attacked constitutional sheriffs and when he talks about, are we on the slippery slope
with registration?
We've got a couple of clips about that.
But first we want to show the crowd, so let's throw this first clip here, showing what really
happened with that Second Amendment supporter there at that crowd.
He's saying, F-U-F-U, that guy right there.
He is the instigator.
I've seen him before.
Yeah, I've had, these are all.
This is Acevedo comes down, he gets around them, and now you'll see the police converge
on these guys.
Look at Acevedo bugging his eyes out.
Look at this, as he moves from one side to the other.
They're trying to cover his side.
Front and back.
And they say that's the guy who's interrupting.
No, I mean, they physically assault him, I mean, that lady really kind of a punch, boom.
You know how one little peck at you?
That was a peck right there.
She came in with a little pecker and pecked him.
The cops right there.
Boy, that guy looks tough, that pro-gun guy.
Yeah, so you saw the guy.
These idiots have no idea, cuz they're not gonna stop, they're already announcing our
kids are theirs.
They just want a war, I tell you, they're gonna get it too.
Exactly.
I mean, I'm telling you, I'm sorry, go ahead.
You saw the two guys, the pro-gun guys, were out there peacefully protesting.
Now when Martinez addressed them, they addressed Martinez back.
And then you saw the younger guy behind them started yelling and cussing, and we had to
bleep it out for our viewers.
But they were saying F words and you a-holed and all this stuff to the guys.
Real loud.
Yeah, real loud.
And then the cops come, converge on the two guys who are minding their own business, not
the young guy who's yelling and cussing.
Well, you've seen people that have gone out to these illegal immigration rallies where
millions of illegals, some of these are hundreds of thousands, but millions total are marching.
I've got it in Endgame, the extra.
And the guy is simply there protesting himself peacefully, and the cops beating blood's coming
out his face.
And the illegals come over and taunt and join in, and the cops are like high-fying them.
I mean, this is a takeover, folks.
And again, it's not to empower the illegals either, it's just all a takeover.
When you look at this, you see what their attitude toward the First Amendment is.
You see what their tolerance is.
I mean, they're making demands on everybody, and they don't have any respect for the First
Amendment even when they have respect for the Second Amendment.
And what they're doing with this guy in terms of standing in front of him and blocking him
front and back is the same thing that Biden and these other guys are doing.
When we try to get the truth out there about the ammunition purchases and everything, they
just hold up more signs in front of us and say, you're crazy.
It'd be like if you came up to the bank, an old lady came up and saw guys in masks with
bags of money.
And she said, are you robbing the bank?
And you're like, he's wearing a mask.
He goes, no, ma'am, we're not.
I mean, it's that level, Jakari?
Yeah, it shows that they want their voice to be heard, their angle to be heard.
But if you have a differing opinion, they just completely shut them down.
You're absolutely right.
What's the next clip?
Well, the next one we got is kind of a thing about, go ahead, Jakari, you talk about it.
Oh, well, this one, the next clip is about somebody asked Acevedo or he brings up the
statement about the gun crime in Chicago.
And he said, I'm tired of people bringing up gun crime in Chicago as a reason why they
need their guns.
So if we have that clip ready, we can go ahead and play it.
This is amazing.
I'm tired of people saying this to the American people, if gun laws are so good and so effective,
why is there so much gun violence in Chicago?
Why is there so much gun violence in Philadelphia?
I will tell you why, because those guns are coming out from other parts of the country
where we have a loophole that's bigger than the Grand Canyon, that's where those guns
are coming from.
David, with regard to guns, we need to take away the reason that people are shooting one
another.
That's right.
And that's because Chicago, the superintendent of police says 80% of the killings are from
gangs fighting over the control of drugs.
Exactly.
Doesn't that tell us something?
So if you want to talk about the control of drugs or you want to talk about guns, you
need to take away the reason that the people are using the drugs and why the people are
buying and using the guns.
And that's a former prosecutor you interviewed, but I just want to say this about Acevedo.
Why don't we have that crime right here?
Because loophole guns could come here.
It's because it's a-
Go ahead, Jacari.
That's the exact point.
David brought up the point that if, let's say, they are getting their guns from Texas
or wherever else, then we should have at least the same amount of crime that they have in
Chicago.
Every one of these liberal cities is not liberal.
These are mafia families.
They bring in the drugs, the whores, the corruption, and then that's all that can, and the criminals
all move there because less than half the murders get solved there.
Chicago's the place to go bust in houses and rape women.
By his argument, we should have a high crime rate because we have free access to guns.
So it should be higher and higher.
But the other thing is is that he wants to invoke Chicago.
We've got a former prosecutor who was there for 43 years as a Cook County prosecutor.
In Chicago.
In Chicago.
And he quotes the current Chicago police chief saying that 80% of the shootings in Chicago
are because of-
And you interviewed him last week, give people his name.
His name is Jim Gierach, and he's with Law Enforcement Against Prohibition.
It's former prosecutors and former-
And you can just see in his eyes, he's a caring, loving, good person.
And you look in the eyes of Martinez or Bloomberg, these are evil power tripping villains.
I mean, you know a bad guy when they're that bad, they don't want to hide it.
I mean, these are bad people.
I mean, it's just like, come on.
When we look at the gun statistics that Piers Morgan puts out there, it needs to be said
that the majority, like you said in Chicago, 80% of these gun shootings are because of
drug probiotics.
And then they say, well, you don't care because it's the gangs.
No, but gang bangers killing each other over government shipped in drugs don't take my
guns.
That's right.
That's right.
But they want to turn it against a legitimate, peaceful gun-
Well, we've also got the statistic of the 49% drop in violent crime the last 20 years.
That's the big secret where the guns are.
Jakari, tell us what's coming up after the break, the other clips.
After this break, we'll have a comparison of crowds to the moms to some other events
and also Acevedo as he criticizes constitutional sheriffs and Acevedo's view on gun registration
and much more.
And continuing with guns, we've got the head of the amazing, of the rock stars to me, the
Veritas project.
You know, the folks that blew up Acorn politically, they went, they went out-
I'd say politically, yeah.
Absolutely.
Well, they blew them up.
They absolutely destroyed them.
Now they've gone to the house of Piers Morgan and guess what?
He's got armed guards.
I mean, these hypocrites make me want to throw up.
Start life over.
Spend more quality time with your family.
Take more vacations, own your own business, be healthy and earn the kind of income you've
always dreamed of.
Is it possible?
Yes.
With Young Jevity.
First, you've got to see the video that is turning the medical industry upside down.
Go to HealthyBody13.com.
That's HealthyBody13.com.
Watch this video, then pre-register for the spring Young Jevity convention, May 2nd through
4th in Las Vegas, Nevada.
And guess who will be there?
Hi, I'm Dr. Joel Wallach, the dead doctors don't lie guy.
And I prescribe the Healthy Body Challenge and I'll be there.
Hi, I'm Steve Schultz, Vice President of Training here at Young Jevity.
I'm taking the Healthy Body Challenge and I'll be there.
Hi, this is Ted Anderson, President of the Genesis Communications Network.
I'm taking the Healthy Body Challenge and I'm going to be there.
Take the Healthy Body Challenge and don't miss the Young Jevity convention in Las Vegas,
Nevada, May 2nd through 4th.
For more information, go to HealthyBody13.com or call 1-800-360-8695.
We all know that Berkey water purification systems are the most trusted name in water
filtration.
As an authorized Berkey dealer for over six years and serving thousands of satisfied customers,
the Berkey guy offers amazing specials for Berkey water filtration systems.
The Berkey light systems include a set of self-sterilizing and re-cleanable black purification
elements that purify water by removing chlorine, pathogenic bacteria, cysts and parasites to
non-detectable levels and remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides and pesticides.
Order the Berkey light system today complete with two black Berkey elements for only $231
and the Berkey guy will ship your order free of charge.
With the purchase of a Berkey light, the Berkey guy is also offering a set of fluoride and
arsenic filters for only $39.99.
That's over 30% off the retail price.
Call the Berkey guy at 1-877-886-3653.
That's 1-877-886-3653.
Or order online at GoBerkey.com.
That's GoBerkey.com today.
Nothing is more American than diamond gusset jeans, 100% American made since 1987.
Soft and broken in from the start, yet more rugged and durable than any jean you've ever
worn.
Have you ever experienced mis-sized jeans from China?
Well you won't with diamond gusset.
The pair is crafted to fit exactly the same and always feel like they were custom made.
Need a 35, 37 or 39 waist?
How about a 31 inseam?
We keep all sizes in stock for the fit you need.
Looking for a relaxed fit, slim fit, regular fit, boot cut or straight leg?
We got you covered.
Buy the world's best fitting jeans at Gusset.com or call 1-888-8GUSET.
Get free gusset targets for the next time you go to the shooting range with the purchase
of their new Ranger jean.
Use code comfort when ordering to receive free shipping and all gusset orders at Gusset.com.
That's Gusset.com to get only the best all-American jeans.
You've heard about our MRE smorgasbord.
Now, Long Life Food Depot introduces the most unique, safe and longest lasting way to stash
emergency food, the Eat Pod.
Most survival food products recommend an ideal storage environment, including low temps,
low moisture and low oxygen.
If you're storing in a basement too humid, garages and attics too hot, but the waterproof
double-walled high-density polyethylene patent-pending Eat Pod is a unique roll-away food bunker
that creates the perfect conditions, can be buried up to 30 feet and can keep your survival
food supply safe, secure, dry and virtually undetectable for 25 years or more.
Find full details on the Eat Pod at eatpod.com, spelled E-A-T-P-O-D.com or call 800-601-2833.
That's 800-601-2833.
The Eat Pod from Long Life Food Depot.
Since 1983, sending real food to your real future.
The Genesis Communications Radio Network proudly presents the Alex Jones Show because there's
a war on for your mind.
Alex Jones here back live.
You know, I wanted to believe in Chief Arte Saaveda and I think he's been in the studio
with me three or four times over the years.
But I was like, if this guy's an operative, he's going to go to the top.
This guy may be deep cover.
And I'd said that to a lot of people behind the scenes here and then they all agreed.
But now, I mean, he's like in the bosom of Obama and he came out of the Justice Department
as, you know, as a state police officer, as one of their operatives spying on the police
there.
And I'm not against checks and balances federal state.
It's just that there's no checks now.
It's the feds only taking over the state.
Jharkari, David Knight, you guys were at this 15 bureaucrat march, a million mom march,
15 bureaucrat march, you know, the wives and husbands of city council people and state
bureaucrats and federal bureaucrats.
Get into the fake signs.
I've seen this at the U.N. where they have all the fake signs, they hand them out.
That's the next clip, isn't it?
Yeah.
Tell us about that.
Well, as we got there, my wife was there and she just recorded some of it with her iPhone.
And basically, they had handwritten signs that they were handing out to people.
And we wanted to contrast that with the Day of Resistance, which was a pro-Second Amendment
rally that was really a grassroots organization.
And you know, when they start doing things like this, the first thing that comes to mind
is astroturf.
You know, and quite frankly, this mom's demand to plan is very well financed.
Their website is really top notch.
I mean, you know, obviously, when you look at the Day of Resistance, it was something
that was thrown together.
No, it's a known Bloomberg front.
So we want to take a look at this.
We've got a clip of them handing out.
Let's go to that.
This was fantastic.
I have to tell you, we really missed Alex here today.
It was a great crowd, maybe 2 to 2500 people.
It was just jam packed with people.
That's Sheriff Mack.
Yes, Sheriff Mack.
Dedicated to the holy cause of liberty, as Patrick Henry called it.
This is the Day of Resistance.
And you can see the real signs right there.
Real people.
That looks like a thousand or more.
I wasn't there.
The Day of Resistance?
They showed up with their own signs.
I mean, they had them in the back of their trucks.
Here's a grandmother, mother, NRA life member.
This is the most recent.
A staggering figure that surpasses other designers.
And listen here.
Thank you for making them.
Thank you for holding them.
So they're handing out signs.
And they're all done looking different.
Yeah.
I mean, it's just.
It's something, you know, if you go to a Romney rally or a Ron Paul rally, they've got signs
that they hand out to people and it's obviously that they're printed up, right?
People are holding that.
Yeah, they're all uniform.
Then it's not deceptive.
It's Ron Paul.
Boom.
Yeah.
Right.
But you make up a lot of different.
But if Ron Paul had a whole bunch of different ones that looked like they were grassroots
and was fake.
I mean, it'd be a scandal.
You can see all the signs they have on the table right there.
For radio listeners, you can watch us right now streaming video at prisonplanet.tv.
This will be archived later in the day at prisonplanet.tv and then tomorrow at mfowars.com
for radio listeners.
This is powerful info because it shows it's all a fraud.
Right.
Well, that's something that bears some more investigation about whether it's Astroturf.
Exactly.
Exactly.
We have more clips to get to.
Our next clip is asked of Vato as he criticizes constitutional sheriffs, people like Sheriff
Mack.
So the guys are ready with that clip.
We can get that roll.
Let's go to that clip.
You can't say that you stand for the Constitution as an elected sheriff law enforcement official
as part of the executive branch and vote the Constitution in terms of the Second Amendment
and turn around and absolutely ignore the rest of our 200 years of law that talks about
the separation of powers.
You are the executive branch, whether you like it or not.
Your job is to enforce the law as passed by the legislative branch, as interpreted by
the judicial branch, as it's carried out by the executive branch, and to say otherwise
is hypocrisy.
God bless you all.
Thank you for being here.
You've analyzed the statistics honestly.
I think you'll see that it is better to have a government.
However, those are the things that we need to do in order to make sure that we have a
government that's better to have a government.
However, those are immaterials.
Those arguments mean nothing when you live in a country where the supreme law of the
land completely and entirely forbids gun control in this country.
All forms of gun control are against the law here.
In my book, The Magic of Gun Control, there's a chapter that says gun control in America
is for your own.
We're going to need local officials, especially sheriffs, to tell the federal government there's
just a few things you're not going to do in our county, and one of them is gun control.
It's against the law.
All right, again, a lot of crowd noise there, but I mean, talk about what Acevedo is saying
there.
And again, we have a clip after the break, Biden is running around saying the black helicopter
people think we're going to send the Secret Service into your states.
They've got bills introduced that they're trying to ram through where they will send
them in to go after sheriffs.
I mean, it's just the same, it's a military tactic.
We're not trying to take your guns even though we are.
There are no bullets.
There is no bill for Secret Service to come into your state.
I mean, they lie to you because you are seen as an enemy.
This standard military operation.
Well, it's very interesting to see what Acevedo is doing.
What he's doing is he's taking a system of checks and balances that wasn't just at the
federal level.
There were checks and balances where the people have a check and balance.
They have the Second Amendment, they've got jury nullification, the states have a check
and a balance against the federal government.
And what he's doing is he's taking away that system of checks and balances, and he's trying
to substitute a rigid hierarchy that is federally based.
And that's what his speech was about.
That's why he attacked the constitutional sheriff.
All right, we've got our next guest coming up, but I want you guys to stay over and finish
that last clip and talk about what we're facing here.
But the big news is, and the video's up at infowars.com, of the Austin City Councilman
who's hooked in with Bloomberg saying, we're gonna register, then we're gonna confiscate.
And the crowd sharing that video is coffin nails politically to these people.
Stay with us.
I'm Alex Jones.
We're on the march.
The empire's on the run.
Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
In the last two years alone, the US has seen huge losses to our food supply.
In 2011, storms and floods raged across the US, costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone.
In 2012, we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years.
You may think out of sight, out of mind, and so you don't think you will be affected.
The fact is you are.
We all are.
Food shortages drive prices up for everyone.
You might not be able to control mother nature, but you can control your food prices by freezing
the cost and availability of your food supply with e Foods Direct.
Be prepared before you need it.
With nutrient-dense food you can store for up to 25 years.
You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you.
Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best, durable foods out there from
e Foods Direct.
Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex and
check out their spring specials.
Again, that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex.
You can bet your life on e Foods Direct.
I had tried everything.
I'd cut back the amount of food I was eating.
I was lifting weights and jogging, but nothing was working.
My body was literally starving for minerals and trace elements as well as key vitamins.
And as soon as I had that, I immediately could eat half of what I was eating previously and
be satisfied.
Now, there are hundreds of great products at Infowarsteam.com, but I want to point out
the three that have helped me lose 37 pounds in just two months.
Products like Beyond Tangy Tangerine, Holland Burst, and Rebound.
When I started taking the Tangy Tangerine and other products every day, I lost more
than 37 pounds in just two months.
Now that's results.
I want to challenge my listeners to go to Infowarsteam.com and to order just three of
their products.
And you will see the changes in the way you look, feel, and in your appetite almost immediately.
Start your journey to health and wellness today.
Infowarsteam.com.
Introducing Pro One.
All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go.
No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolicic
acid.
Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one
filter element.
It is the only one that does it.
And out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia, and chlorine, hydrofluorosolicic acid, the most common form of fluoride not
covered by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro Pure with the new Pro One filter today at Infowarsetore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Monday through Friday from 11 a.m. until 2 p.m. Central Standard Time, we are here live.
The news websites are Infowars.com and prisonplanet.tv.
I am your host again, Alex Jones, David Knight, and Ja'Kari Jackson are in studio here with
me right now.
And they went to the Mayor Bloomberg sponsored and run a trader convention a few days ago.
And then Arte Sevedo went up to be with Obama and Biden as one of their poster people calling
for restrictions of the Second Amendment.
And Councilman Mike Martinez said to people that had signs saying no gun ban, stop gun
ban.
He said, hey, we're not gonna do that now.
We're getting them registered now.
But you're gonna need that sign soon cuz we are gonna do what's on your sign.
And laughs at him and the crowd cheers.
And then in my report that's up on Infowars.com show Feinstein saying the same thing.
I mean, it's the disingenuousness of them.
And I wanna play a clip of Biden here before we go back to the other three short clips.
And then go to the head of the Project Veritas, James O'Keefe, who sent reporters out to the
home of Piers Morgan, who has an armed response sign, meaning he has armed guards.
So he uses guns protecting himself, but you shouldn't be able to.
The all out assault by these kleptocrats is accelerating right now.
But here's Biden saying he's used to disinformation campaigns.
You see, Forbes, how the US military would crush a Tea Party rebellion, DHS funded course
asked cops if they'll confiscate guns from Christians.
I mean, that's in the Colorado newspapers.
Fox News, army labeled evangelicals as religious extremists.
I mean, the army's training to take on Christians.
I told you this first, I'm the crazy man cuz I actually am freaked out knowing we've got
a bunch of authoritarians taking over.
This is how they don't build a new car or a new computer or write a book to be popular.
They take over and take your tax money, okay?
And these are authoritarians, these are not liberals.
So here's Biden going, he knows about disinformation.
There's no plan to use Secret Service on sheriffs.
There's no New World Order.
He just gave a speech.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, the bills are being introduced all over the place.
Where the Secret Service operates now is your state police and goes after, quote, law enforcement.
I mean, this is all, and they're like, it's not happening.
It's not happening.
Let's go and go to that club.
Now the NRA is engaging in a campaign which is, I'm not unaccustomed to, of disinformation
to try to scare people.
Let me read some of the things they're saying about background checks.
They say, quote, we, the federal government, want to put every private firearms transaction
right under the thumb of the federal government and keep all those names in a massive federal
register.
They've been caught doing it before.
Kind of scary, man.
Black helicopter crowd really is upset.
Keep it in Blacksburg, Virginia.
But guess what?
They want to say that universal background checks are, quote, an unworkable universal
federal nightmare.
Of course.
Bureaucracy that law abiding citizens don't want.
And guess what?
They say the sun comes up.
They say even if we get a true universal background check, it will never keep criminals from buying
guns.
None of this is true.
Let me say something.
And I guess there's another clip I saw last night where he was talking about the Secret
Service stuff.
So they're just running around.
Go ahead.
It's not the NRA that's saying that necessarily.
It's the ACLU.
No friend of the Second Amendment is saying that these background checks and this registry
that they're setting up is really wrong.
Unconstitutional.
It's the ACLU that's saying that as well as the NRA.
I know, but the thing is, how long, they're not getting away with this.
I was about to say, how long can they get away with it?
Everyone knows that they make Bill Clinton look honest.
I mean, the lying level of this group, it's just a bunch of criminals.
It's like Acorn where the Project Veritas goes in and they go, I want to run underage
kids as slaves, sex slaves.
Oh, we're here to help you.
He goes to, I mean, it's just, and he goes to group after group and they say that.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, it's just full on criminals.
Yeah, it is.
We'll help you.
Just don't tell anybody that we did.
It's completely ridiculous.
Because they're above the law.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And we'll get to these last couple of clips we have.
Now, our next clip is number six, it's Acevedo's view on gun registration.
David Knight asked him the question, how would you feel about registering people who have
never committed a criminal offense?
So if we have that clip, we can go ahead and roll it.
Registration of people who have not been convicted of any crime?
You know what?
Personally, I wouldn't have a problem with that because to me, I register my car for
a reason.
That is so people know that's my vehicle, belongs to me.
If anybody's found that vehicle and it gets run, then they know there's a problem.
When I sell my vehicle, I do what's called release of liability, I transfer ownership.
Again, I know that folks really believe that if we had registration of firearms, that that's
the step right before confiscation.
And my response to that is, the day the government wants to do something silly, like go around
to over 300 million Americans and take guns and 300 sets of homes with different people,
they'd go house to house anyway.
Now, as far as the registration, we've seen the, or should I say the confiscation, we've
seen that in Hurricane Katrina, but we also have this article, California's gun repo men
have a nerve-wracking job, and I'll just read this short section.
Many states lack the ability to confiscate firearms because they don't track purchases
as closely as California, which requires most sales to go through a licensed dealer to be
in be reported.
This is a quote, very, very few states have an archive of firearm owners like we do, says
Win Mute, who helped set up the program.
So they're saying if we knew who had more-
I have seen an insane California has confiscated no guns.
And then Adan Salazar wrote an article for Infoworks.com, which is them taking the guns
and saying we use the database to get them.
Yeah, I mean, that's what this is right here, this article right here, California gun repo
men have a nerve- You know what, this is so important, I wanna
bring you all back into the next hour to play the first clip where Martina says, don't worry,
we're gonna register, then we'll get your guns.
I wanna have you back to finish up on this at the bottom of the next hour, guys, I'm
gonna go to our guest.
Okay.
Amazing, great job, gentlemen, and we'll have this all together in one big report on the
Nightly News tonight, 7 o'clock Central, that I'm hosting, and one of you guys is doing
the interview right here, you're interviewing tonight?
I believe we're talking about the Paul Revere interview, so it's my understanding.
Oh, good, good, that'll be awesome.
Yeah.
All right, great job, gentlemen.
We have the reporters back in here after we take calls for the first 30 minutes of the
next hour.
I wanna bring up James O'Keefe now of TheProjectVeritas.org, and in a minute we'll play him this clip.
This clip of the Austin City Council member saying, first we're gonna register, then we're
gonna take your guns.
But when I was talking to them about a month ago, I said, somebody ought to go out to Piers
Morgan's house and see if he's got any bodyguards.
And sure enough, he does, and he has Armed Response, which is a company that promises
within five minutes to have an armored truck pull up with guys with semi-automatic assault
rifles and handguns.
And sure enough, he's got that sign that guns protect his home, just amazing hypocrisy.
And of course, none of the media picked it up, Infowars.com covered it, DrugsReport.com
covered it, WorldNetDaily covered it, DrugsReport, of course, picked up our story.
But James, good to have you back with us, my friend.
Great to be back with you, Alex.
What do you think of just the all-out hysterical assault on the Second Amendment and the unprecedented
level of just lying about everything you're seeing and hearing?
I think as I was on your show last time, we talked about how they would not put a gun
on their lawn that says this home is proudly gun-free.
But now we're finding Armed Response security system signs on the property of Piers Morgan.
This is his Beverly Hills property.
And we actually confronted Piers Morgan in the street outside of his CNN headquarters
and asked him if he would be willing to help sign a pledge to remove guns from movies,
if any movie led to the death of any young child.
So what I'm seeing is just the people who want to take guns away are not willing to
apply that to their own personal lives.
Now we're going to roll some of this video for TV viewers out there that you guys shot.
It's up at your Project Veritas site.
The people want to see the whole thing, which I suggest they do, and share it.
But for radio listeners, describe what your team did.
Describe how you got the image of the fact that he has the sign saying he has an Armed
Response security system.
I mean, this is classic, over-the-top hypocrisy.
Yeah, this was in a very, very expensive area of Beverly Hills.
And we called the Armed Security Response Systems Company.
That's on the sign to determine exactly what it means to be armed.
And she wouldn't give me too much information, this is the spokesperson, but she did say
that there is the option to have private armed security show up if the response is triggered,
if the alarm is triggered.
So it is definitely the height of hypocrisy.
It's not a surprise, most of these journalists are very anti-gun in their messaging, but
in their personal lives, they turn out to be pretty pro-gun, actually.
So I think we need to be doing more of just exposing the media's hypocrisy, because it
is the media that is doing this.
Yeah, I need to put you in contact with a group that has surveillance footage of Piers
Morgan.
I have the footage, but I haven't run it past legal, legal's normally myself, but I wanted
to have it checked before I did anything.
Well, we've had it about a month.
It's Piers Morgan behind the scenes shooting guns, talking about how much he'd love to
live in Texas and have guns like this.
And it's high-def surveillance footage of him, and I just haven't released it yet.
I guess I've now released the fact that we have that footage.
There's no end to it, I'm sorry, go ahead.
No, the funny thing, legal, I mean, we deal with legal issues all the time.
We're very careful not to cross the line.
We didn't release Piers Morgan's personal address, but we did look up property deeds.
And incidentally, it seems to be he's got a property in Calabrasas, California, Beverly
Hills, California.
He works in New York.
Some of them are registered under different names, but this is in a very ritzy area of
Beverly Hills.
But the paycheck is more important than the principles.
They're not willing to live up to the courage of their own principles.
In fact, personally, in their own lives, they're very pro-gun, and then publicly, they're anti-gun.
So they're not only hypocrites, they're frauds.
It's pretty incredible to sit there and see this unfold.
Do you think they're gonna succeed?
They say it's Razor's margin in the Senate with this bill they've got, but they've set
up this idea that every time there's a new shooting, it's gun owners' fault.
Like every time someone gets stabbed with an Exacto knife, like at Lone Star College
in Texas, 12 people, it's the fault of anyone that owns butcher knives.
I mean, it's just so asinine, but are they gonna succeed with their war against reality?
Well, I think that one of the things that helps them is they say that it's for the children.
And there's a lot of sort of propaganda in the news about being for the children.
They're always talking about children.
And that's one of the things I think that we frame the debate in a very interesting
and different way.
This time around, we actually went up to these people and actually said, well, it's for the
children.
You know, edit out guns from movies.
We tried to make a point about the absurdity.
But I think the fact that they frame it as for the children is really what takes it into
a realm where you really can't disagree with them.
And I think we need to be saying, you know, what we want to do is for the children.
We need to be, you know, turning it on its head.
But it's definitely out of control.
Our story is up at drugsreport.com right now for anybody that would like to go there under
the image of the former Congressman Weiner.
Police confiscating firearms from people taking anti-anxiety medication.
Now they're saying, and then the State House is talking about this, and of course, that's
the model of the country, New York, for gun confiscation is they brag that they are going
to go after everybody's guns who's ever been on any anti-anxiety.
If you've ever had a prescription for Valium 30 years ago, they're now digitizing those
records.
Like, hey, you know, you're stressed out, quit drinking, take some Valium.
You know, a doctor recommends that.
Or here, you know, you had a car wreck or your wife died here, you know, go on Luvox
and then you don't like it, you get off.
And then they're going to say everybody is mentally ill and take their guns.
Are you concerned this could cause a civil war?
Because I'm here to tell you, Homeland Security is training for a civil war.
They're preparing for a civil war, while Biden is saying that they're not.
But they are.
I mean, what do you, I mean, do they have dreams of grandeur that they could be like
Hitler or Stalin?
You're asking me?
Yes, sir.
I don't, I don't know what exactly they're preparing for, but I think the priority for
us right now, the priority for citizen journalists is to take it directly to the media.
Take it directly to Piers Morgan's front lawn.
Take it directly outside of his office in Time Warner in New York.
Take the fight right to these journalists because they control the message.
Because they're not journalists, they're not journalists.
They were assaulting one or two pro-gun guys in Austin and then on the news said they caused
a problem at the anti-gun rally.
And then they said, we're going to register.
I'm sorry, go ahead.
It's just, they're so deceptive.
I mean, they're the bad guys, is my point.
That's what people don't seem to understand.
I mean, yes, there's a lot of government fraud and lying going on, but I think the priority
is to take it directly to the journalists.
Take it to their doorsteps, take it to their companies.
Point out the hypocrisy in their personal lives and that will ultimately discredit them.
And it will have a huge impact on any legislative battle because the media owns the message.
So I think that the priority of Project Veritas is to highlight the hypocrisy of the journalists
themselves.
There needs to be more people doing that.
People don't, I don't think they underestimate the power of our media, the power of the hypocrites
at CNN and these other places.
Well, I mean, CNN and all the media numbers that come out every month show this, all of
the dominant media is no longer dominant.
They're a shadow of their former self.
I mean, Larry King 15 years ago had 10 million viewers some nights.
When he left, it was a million and a half and now Piers Morgan's lucky if he gets a
half mil.
And I guess we just don't put on airs.
Your videos are seen millions of times.
My films have been seen hundreds of millions of times just on YouTube alone.
I reach a million people an hour.
That by the way is a very conservative number because I want to be conservative.
Three million a day, 15 million a week one way or another.
I mean, maybe I should dress in royal robes and wear a crown like these people basically
do because they are the mouse that roared.
Well, they still have a lot of power, ABC, NBC, CBS News.
They still carry an ampliphone and a megaphone and I think that a lot of people, they do
watch our videos.
They do get the message, but a lot of other people are just sort of still watching network
news.
Sure, but what I'm saying is, yes, you're right.
They still have power if they all gang up and say the same thing in the same order,
but even that's not working.
I mean, you've seen the White House publicly admitting that, quote, Drudge is, quote, causing
them to not even be able to talk to anybody.
I mean, one website has got them literally crapping their pants.
That's right.
And I think there's a lot of people are afraid.
There's a lot of citizen journalists.
Drudge was a pioneer, but a lot of them are afraid and I think we got to get just stick
together and break stories that force that they got to force the media to talk.
And the way that I found with our stories to force the media to talk about what we're
doing and force them to cover it is to talk about the media, is to expose the media and
expose the fraud like we did at NPR, like we did with the Catch a Journalist series,
like we did with the recent signs on the lawns of journalists like Piers Morgan.
Go after, investigate the journalists and you will, I think you'll break through that
media firewall and actually get onto some of these mainstream.
Exactly, exactly.
That's what they're afraid of is you exposing the man behind the curtain.
And that's what the White House in memos and in public statements, some of them came out
last week.
We saw that where the main chief advisor to Obama said, we can't control the narrative.
And then he used Drudge as kind of a catch all as the top of the pyramid.
I mean, it shows they're not all powerful.
They're not all powerful.
There are cracks.
There are cracks in their messaging system.
But what you have to do is you have to force a consequence.
You have to, and some of your reporting has, reporting has got to force a government reaction
and that government reaction we picked up in the wires as what we do at Project Veritas.
We did voter fraud investigations all last year.
It forced investigation.
And they tried to put you in prison.
They tried it.
They issued criminal grand jury subpoenas against me for exposing the fact that the
attorney general's ballot was offered to a complete stranger.
They tried to issue criminal grand jury subpoenas when I exposed, exposed dead people where
ballots were given out in the names of dead people in places like New Hampshire.
But what happened, which is interesting, is that the states is that a couple of states
changed their laws and that forced the media to report on the fact that the laws are being
changed.
That's right.
So they dragged their heels because they don't want to talk about these.
They don't want to talk about the facts.
They want to deny it while they get their takeover done.
Stay there.
Let's come back and talk more about how to get on the offensive with Mr. O'Keefe of the
Hello.
This is Ty Bollinger, author of the bestselling book Cancer Step Outside the Box.
I want you to know some very important information.
In 1985, President Ronald Reagan requested that Carnivora be sent directly to the White
House at a time when only the president could obtain this world-class healer.
Now, 27 years later, Carnivora capsules are used around the world to keep people healthy.
Now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in this age of superbugs with 17 naturally
occurring compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal cells only without harming a single
normal cell.
If you want to stay healthy, now's your chance to literally wake up your critical immune
cells to attack harmful invaders that don't belong in your body.
Call 1-866-VenusFly or order from Carnivora.com.
That's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A dot com.
That's 1-866-836-8735, 1-866-VenusFly or visit Carnivora.com.
Protect your immune system.
It's the only one you've got.
In the last two years alone, the U.S. has seen huge losses to our food supply.
In 2011, storms and floods raged across the U.S., costing us $20 billion in lost crops
alone.
In 2012, we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years.
You may think out of sight, out of mind, and so you don't think you will be affected.
The fact is you are.
We all are.
Food shortages drive prices up for everyone.
You might not be able to control Mother Nature, but you can control your food prices by freezing
the cost and availability of your food supply with eFoods Direct.
Be prepared before you need it with nutrient-dense food you can store for up to 25 years.
You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you.
Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best durable foods out there from eFoods
Direct.
Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex and
check out their spring specials.
Again, that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
Do you suffer from low-functioning adrenal or thyroid gland?
Did you know that mercury from your dental fillings comes off your teeth both as a vapor
and as metal particles into your body?
Wherever mercury deposits in your body, it stops cells from functioning normally.
Animal studies show that mercury causes kidney function to drop by 60%.
Mercury deposited into your adrenals or thyroid will cause a corresponding drop in function.
The number one method by which your body detoxifies itself of mercury is glutathione, the number
one superfood that helps turn on all 75 trillion cells in your body to produce glutathione
is non-denatured whey protein from grass-fed cows.
After investigating most high-end whey proteins on the market, only one is the most non-denatured,
the most active, the most complete, and in our opinion, the most powerful in what nature
originally put into the fresh raw whey.
It is one world whey.
Call 888-988-3325, that's 888-988-3325, or visit OneWorld whey.com, that's OneWorld
whey.com.
Ladies and gentlemen, I have to control myself to not literally become crazed on air.
And it's because I'm the type of guy who's real laid-back fishing, laid-back with my
wife and my kids, real calm my whole life until somebody starts something with me.
And then I turn into an absolute maniac.
I mean, it's just my instincts.
You come over and punch me in the nose, you may kick my butt, but you better get ready
to be attacked 110%, you know, blackout time.
And that's why I start hyperventilating and yelling and screaming because these people
are a bunch of line crooks, butchering everything, and I'm sick of them.
And I'm tired of it.
And I'm tired of all their memos saying they're gonna ban our guns once they register them.
They've done it all over the world.
They've done it in New York, Chicago.
And I send my crew out to the anti-gun Bloomberg thing here in Austin.
And they've got the mayor pro-team up there that flies around with the globalist, with
the police chief, who was with Obama and Biden yesterday, saying, as they had people slap
and hit and grab, we showed the video earlier, the reporters, the citizen activists that
are out there with a sign saying, no gun ban.
And then the news says the pro-gun people caused a disturbance.
They lie about that.
And then they say no one wants your guns in the newscast and actually show Martinez who
said, hey, your sign?
We're not taking your guns now, but after we finish this work, we are.
And then we're going to get your guns.
So you're gonna need that sign.
Here's the clip.
I wanna get James O'Keefe's comment on this and talk about what's coming up next with
theprojectveritas.org.
Here it is.
Austin city council member, Mike Martinez.
First of all, to the gentleman who's dying for attention, someone needs to inform them
that there is no gun ban currently, but because of the work that we're doing here today, we
will make your sign legitimate shortly.
And he's somebody that's called for taking the guns.
So that's from a larger report I did, James, what do you say to that where they'll admit
they want to get the guns, but then they lie on the news and say, oh, we don't want your
guns.
We come in peace.
I would, I would, I would go to that guy.
I mean, you know, Saul Linsky would say a tactic that drags on too long becomes a drag,
but when it comes to that guy, I I'd love to go to his house and offer one of our, this
home is proudly gun free science and CB and see if he'd be willing to live up to his own
book of rules.
I doubt he'd be willing to do that.
No, I know a little bit about the Martinez family from folks I know reportedly they packed
the heat, but I guess, I guess he just wants our guns.
He wants the only guy with a gun.
He probably wants to, you know, a lot of these people, they it's, it's guns for me, but not
for these.
It's really about aristocracy and it's, it's about it's about the elites versus the people
and exactly.
So we need to expose that we need to, our reporters need to expose the aristocracy,
the elitism and the disconnect between the people in power and the people who aren't.
I know you're always doing big stuff.
What's coming next?
We've got about five major investigations.
We've got something on Bloomberg.
We were working on some federal programs.
Some other stuff I can't even talk about.
I mean, I'm going to be releasing a book in June.
It's called Breakthrough.
It is an adventure story that about all the things we've done, all the various government
in organizations we've infiltrated and the reaction and how to survive.
It's a hopeful story.
How to survive.
What a great book.
It's a blueprint on how to become real citizen journalists like you've done.
It's a hand guide.
It's a field manual and how to break through the media firewall.
It's really important not just to just to break stories that actually get covered by
the name.
So Saul Alinsky dedicated his book to Lucifer, how to use deception and evil.
They use that.
You're writing a handbook, how to use good dedicated to God.
We'll be right back in 60 seconds with our guest.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups.
You want answers?
Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network.
And now live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
You know, I know that James O'Keefe knows Glenn Beck, but on the show a lot, and I think
Glenn Beck does a lot of good work.
My wife calls me this morning, I'm driving into work about 9 a.m. and she goes, Hey,
I just tuned in to Glenn Beck on local radio on your local affiliate.
And he's talking about how they're going to take everybody's guns who's ever been on any
type of anti-anxiety medication.
I said, yeah, that's our story from last night.
So I pulled over and I already knew.
And I went to Drudge and there was our article, it's on Drudge right now, middle column.
And I tune in and he's reading it still, this is like three minutes later, going back to
pieces not saying it's from mfallwars.com.
And here's the deal, and I'm not saying it came from drudgereport.com.
My issue, maybe I missed it, but it's any time I tune in.
We don't copy him, he copies us, which I don't mind if he didn't attack us.
See, I've got James O'Keefe on here, because I just want a future for my kids.
I think the guy's a hero, I think he's a model for all of us, like we are changes.
And I've done this trailblazing work, copy us and do it better.
This is how we're gonna beat him, that's why when his book comes out, I'm gonna buy thousands
of them and sell them on mfallwars.com.
I'm ranting here, I don't mean to go off into a Glenn Beck thing, it's just that we need
more people to fight this tyranny.
Because these are real authoritarians, knowing them as good as you do, knowing how criminal
they are, do you think I'm wrong in saying this is really a dangerous group of people?
No, no, Alex, I've lived it.
There are a number of us who've lived through it, but I've been detained, I've been sued,
I've been slandered, I've gotten defamation settlements from journalists, I've been through
just about everything you can go through in your 20s.
And what I've learned is that the most important thing is to keep going, is to not stop.
I'm a Christian guy, so I'm not worried, I'm just trying to expose things.
What we don't have enough of is we don't have fact finders, and that's what Drudge is great,
he links to news stories, new information, you put out one fact, it seems like it gets
consumed by so many different blogs.
So my message is to get citizen journalists to go out there and not be afraid, and expose
new information, new content.
We need more content.
We have plenty of distribution platforms, now we just need new content, and that's what
my book is gonna be about.
It's gonna be about how to survive the machine, and make a difference.
All the things you've learned, all the knowledge, transferring it to others, invaluable.
I'm telling you, I'm excited to read the book, that's why, I mean, foaming at the mouth-
It's actually, it's not like the Saul Linsky's Rules for Radicals, you said he dedicated
it to Lucifer.
In many ways, I kind of half-heartedly dedicate this book to Saul Linsky, because I learned
a lot from people like Saul Linsky and these community organizers.
They used to organize people for power to overturn the republic, the democratic idea.
And what I'm doing is using those same community organizing tactics to organize like-minded
citizen journalists for power.
And you're using the truth instead of lies, well, see, I haven't read your book yet, you're
gonna send me a copy.
I mean, I guess there's not even copies out there yet, but you notice I peered into what
was happening, cuz I get what you're saying.
Maybe if you still have time to change the foreword, make the joke about dedicated to
Saul Linsky, but no, not really, he dedicated it to Lucifer, he used lies.
We're using truth, I dedicate this to Jesus Christ.
That's a very good idea, I'm actually finishing the acknowledgements right now, so I can add
something to that.
Well, I don't mean to be a preacher, but there's your word of knowledge, my friend.
Thank you, thank you.
Well, Lord Vader.
Hey seriously, let's do five more minutes, or do you have to go, you got another interview
coming up?
Actually, I just have to, I got a couple of my guerrilla journalists in the field right
now doing some videos, so I have to advise them, so I'm calling at two o'clock.
Absolutely, all right, we'll get to that, and then we're gonna have you back very soon
to talk more about what's going on, cuz I know you're gonna be breaking big news on-
We're gonna be breaking stories all the next few months, so I'll be sure to-
I'm sorry, Bloomberg, we'll be right back, thanks buddy.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth-friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com, or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now, or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning
needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com, or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms, but if you don't have a home security
system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out Simply Safe.
It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to GetSimplySafe.com.
Simply Safe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you are protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit, or shed.
GetSimplySafe.com.
Simply Safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no
need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but Simply Safe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com.
In the last two years alone, the U.S. has seen huge losses to our food supply.
In 2011, storms and floods raged across the U.S., costing us $20 billion in lost crops
alone.
In 2012, we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years.
You may think out of sight, out of mind, and so you don't think you will be affected.
The fact is, you are.
We all are.
Food shortages drive prices up for everyone.
You might not be able to control Mother Nature, but you can control your food prices by freezing
the cost and availability of your food supply with e Foods Direct.
Be prepared before you need it with nutrient-dense food you can store for up to 25 years.
You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you.
Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best, durable foods out there from
e Foods Direct.
Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex and
check out their spring specials.
Again, that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex.
You can bet your life on e Foods Direct.
Crashing through the lies and disinformation, it's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Monday through Friday from 11 a.m. until 2 p.m., we're here live and I am waging war
on the globalists.
They work for foreign banks that openly announce they're establishing an authoritarian, tyrannical
world government.
Financial Times of London, their editor years ago, four years ago, wrote, and now for world
government and said, you bet we're secretive, you bet we're authoritarian, and we're smarter
than you and we're going to run your life.
And you know what the whole plan is?
Running in world government, cut off the resources so they can socially engineer you and your
family, get rid of the family.
You'll all live in these government dormitories with, basically, it's a bunch of nobodies
who can't win in a normal society, being good looking, smart, hard working, funny, inventive.
They form games, cuz it doesn't matter if a bunch of mangy hyenas are nothing compared
to a big lion.
You get about 20 of them, they can kill any lion they want.
And that's what this is.
That's what this whole thing is throughout history, is you've got people in gangs and
people that gravitate towards gangs, government gangs, police gangs, corporate gangs, bureaucratic
gangs.
And you've got a bunch of foreign offshore banks.
People say, how do you fight them?
Go look at who gives money to Handgun Control Incorporated, the Violence Policy Center,
and then all the other big foundations that fence it out to them, the Ford Foundation,
the Carnegie Foundation.
Go look at what they're for in the family, get rid of national sovereignty, open the
borders completely up to bring in groups that are clients of the government.
I wouldn't be against 50 million people from Mexico if they were loving George Washington's
Second Amendment private property, because it's the content of the minds.
I don't care every Californian moves to Texas, except they flee what they've done there.
Cuz I'd say California's prettier than Texas on average.
I'd love it if it was like Texas, I'd probably live there, but it's a hell hole.
And then you come here, you've already pooped in your pool there.
Now I'm in the pool in Texas and you're squatting, crapping all over us, and I'm like, listen,
you're crapping in the pool.
And they're like, no, I'm not, while I'm watching them do it.
Listen, get it through your bug-eyed brain, okay?
You're not gonna suck us dry like Russia and Nazi Germany.
Get it through your stinking brain.
I know you're cowards and weak, so you lust after power cuz you've never had it, okay?
You don't even know what you're getting into, okay?
Because you're weak idiots.
The useful idiots always open up the bridge, the drawbridge, and open the gate for the
enemy to come in.
And you know the first people the enemy slits the throats of is, they don't want a traitor
that'll open the gate for the next person.
They despise you, Mike Martinez, they despise you.
And the globalists all hate each other as well.
I mean, they've written about it at these Bilderberg and Davos and Bohemian Grove meetings.
They're all a bunch of backstabbing mafia crud, dishonorable.
That's why they wanna corrupt society, so you're dishonorable.
Because if you're not dishonorable, then society will be strong and they can't overrun you.
And I'm not an honorable person because I've got some goody-two-shoes idea.
I'm honorable because it makes sense.
And let me tell you, this is a dishonorable world now.
Wickedness is spreading.
And I don't mean the wickedness the preacher talks about and he's a goody-two-shoes and
a fake, okay?
I know about wickedness because my heart is wicked, very wicked, ladies and gentlemen.
But the good in me is even stronger.
And I can tell you, not just their political actions, but all of it.
I've been around the so-called Democratic Party and who they are, they are the authoritarian
scum of the earth.
Does that mean the Republicans are good?
No, they're controlled by the very same globalist.
What I'm getting at here is that we are in a crisis and these are bad people.
How do you know if you're walking down an alleyway at night and you see some really
scary people looking at you in an aggressive way and in a predatory way and you know they're
stalking you and they sure enough say, what time is it, buddy?
And then if you're dumb enough, cuz they're looking for somebody that'll go up against
the wall, I'm your friend.
Mind if I have your wallet, cuz that's not even stealing, he gave it to me.
I mean, I've been on the New York subway in the morning and at night when they're doing
that to an old lady.
And it doesn't even matter.
It doesn't even matter.
The point is, is that I don't wanna live under this bondage.
You don't wanna live under it.
Find your common sense.
Find out what's happening.
I'm gonna have them with us for the rest of the hour here today.
Jakari Jackson and David Knight, we just had James O'Keefe on from the Veritas project.
And we're taking action.
And let me tell you, it's exciting, it's bold.
People play video games for adventure.
They go and jump out of airplanes for adventure.
They go and do all this stuff looking for the adventure.
The adventure is always about defending liberty and freedom so you can go out and write the
books you wanna write.
So you can go out and be the journalist you wanna be.
So you can go out and worship the God you wanna worship.
So you can go out and build the business and the idea you want without some big cartel
having government shut you down because you didn't go through the right process.
You know what you gotta do to get drugs approved nowadays?
You gotta go pay off US military generals to get them to fast track human testing on
US troops for anything.
I don't know people in drug development, okay?
You go pay off generals and it's all legal.
You pay them off and their advisory board that's got congressmen on it.
And then they all get a piece of the drug and then it gets approved even if it kills
people.
That's how America works.
You hear, we can't get the drugs approved.
They've got warehouses of treatments and near cures for everything.
They have found the cures for cancer 99% of the time, there's no 100%.
There's complications.
They've got all of it and they're going, we've got all this.
We've got all this incredible technology.
We've got any matter power systems.
That's been leaked.
They've got everything.
And they're going, well, we don't need all these people.
Look at their ugly eating hamburgers and stumbling around tattoos all over them.
You're the ones that did that to them.
You're the ones that sold them a culture, not saying you're bad if you have tattoos,
you know my point, to destroy you so that you would be weak so that they could run over
you.
Eugenics isn't get rid of the bad, build up the good, which is evil in itself because
you know where that goes.
Real eugenics, when you get deep into it, is about targeting the strong, the beautiful,
the creative because you are a threat to them.
Just like a lion will kill a baby male lion will come over and smell it and then he'll
eat it.
Grizzly bears do it.
Every predatory species does it and make no mistake, humans are predatory.
And so the globalists call themselves another species.
They're above us and they want us disarmed.
The toll free number to join us after we go through these clips is 800-259-9231, 800-259-9231.
You either wake up and get the fire of liberty burning in your heart or get ready to be a
total techno slave.
And again, the end of this road isn't just slavery.
The New World Order's got all these little jobs where you can have petty power through
the system.
But at the end of the day, it's meant to be cycled down and shut down.
800-259-9231, what do you think of Mike Martinez?
What do you think of Bloomberg?
What do you think of these Democrats openly saying with Republican traitors that they
are going to ban our guns once they register them?
Well, we already knew that.
It's the sneakiness of these people that should discredit them.
But they always have these weak, pathetic, gibbering people that look like mental patients.
I mean, I've gone to these anti-gun rallies and it just looks like in a matter of they're
black, white, Hispanic, these people all look like Buzz Bissinger.
I mean, they are fundamentally weirdo people who hate you and wanna pull you down.
I'm sorry I've said that.
Gentlemen, I'm ranting, we're going to break here in a few minutes.
Sha'Carri, David Knight, hearing all this, I just realized the full assault is now happening.
The enemy is putting their full weight on us.
This is the main assault.
This is gonna get worse.
And this is where we decide who we are.
And now I realize the gun owners aren't gonna turn them in.
It's gonna turn into a shooting war.
They're gonna call gun owners terrorist and it's off to the racist.
How do we stop that?
How do we avert that and recap some of the other clips before we play the clips we haven't
gotten to yet?
Because you were in here with us last hour for those that don't know.
Well, you talked about the big- Well, go ahead.
You talked about the big picture.
We're gonna talk about some of the details because Arcevedo was talking about registration
versus confiscation.
He's talking about, are we really on a slippery slope?
And so we wanna talk about some of those issues and what he said there and what he's calling
for and what the Democrats are calling for, where that's going to lead immediately.
Absolutely.
Yeah, and I don't know if the guy's had the clip ready.
It's clip number six if we have time to play that.
Now, let's go ahead and he's queuing that up and we're gonna- What did you think when
the news, cuz I played that local KVUE piece where they said, no one wanted to take the
guns.
And then they edit Martinez to make it sound like he wasn't gonna take the guns.
When he said we're gonna- I mean, it's just- And I guarantee they got a pat on the back.
Good job lying to the viewers.
Yeah, it's definitely sleight of hand because they took the clip, I can't say they took
it out of context.
They just edited it in a certain way that when they play the lady saying, well, I'm
not trying to take anybody's guns and maybe she isn't.
She wants responsible gun restrictions, whatever that means to her.
But then you play Martinez who says, yes, I will take your guns, I'm gonna make your
sign legitimate.
Cuz you see the guy with the sign that says, in the gun ban or no gun ban.
I'll guarantee if she's the head of that group, she wants total abolition.
I've run into these people behind the scenes.
Yeah, I mean, I wouldn't be surprised at that myself cuz they may start with that.
We think we can get this today, but I wouldn't be surprised if many of those people just
wanted to complete abolition of firearms.
Most of those people have been let out of mental institutions or they're in government.
I've been to dozens of those.
And I mean, they're all weirdos, go ahead.
We need to stop this at registration.
And we're gonna talk about why we need to do that.
We got that clip ready.
Let's run that.
Yeah, let's go to that clip.
Here it is.
Registration of people who have not been convicted of any crime.
Personally, I wouldn't have a problem with that because to me, I register my car for
a reason.
This is Austin Police Chief.
That is so people know that's my vehicle, belongs to me.
If anybody's found that vehicle and it gets run, then they know there's a problem.
When I sell my vehicle, I do what's called release of liability.
I transfer ownership.
They use registration now to steal your car, the government does, when you haven't paid
the taxes.
I know that folks really believe that if we had registration of firearms, that that's
the step right before confiscation.
And my response to that is, the day the government wants to do something silly, like go around
to over 300 million Americans and take guns and 300 sets of homes with different people,
they'd go house to house anyway.
So I'm not exactly sure what he was implying- No, no, the official new army manuals for
house to house gun confiscation, they did it in Katrina.
And they're already taking guns in all these states that are banning them and arresting
people for over 10 round mags with felonies.
I mean, it's happening.
But they do want to know who has the guns.
Of course they do.
They admit that, yeah.
But the thing, listen to the analogy that he's making, because this was all over a lot
of people's signs that of course had been prepared for the crowd before they got there.
And that was this analogy of automobiles to guns, and registration of automobiles to registration
of guns.
That's not the analogy we're talking about.
We're talking about a First Amendment type of analogy.
You need to compare the Second Amendment to the First Amendment.
The First Amendment says you'll make no law.
The Second Amendment says you shall not infringe.
And the only difference between those two is they understood they were going to come
after the Second Amendment gradually, incrementally, around their edges, okay?
And that's exactly what this registration stuff is, is an infringement.
And then they say at the rally, we're going to ban your guns after we register them.
And the news spins it and says, relax, relax, this isn't an assault, lay down.
In the last two years alone, the US has seen huge losses to our food supply.
In 2011, storms and floods raged across the US, costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone.
In 2012, we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years.
You may think out of sight, out of mind, and so you don't think you will be affected.
The fact is you are.
We all are.
Food shortages drive prices up for everyone.
You might not be able to control Mother Nature, but you can control your food prices by freezing
the cost and availability of your food supply with eFoods Direct.
Be prepared before you need it with nutrient-dense food you can store for up to 25 years.
You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you.
Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best durable foods out there from eFoods
Direct.
Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex and
check out their spring specials.
Again, that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
Imagine waking one morning only to find your family shivering in the dark because you couldn't
afford to pay your electric bill.
That's closer than you think.
You probably hadn't heard about this yet because the liberal media has been suppressing what
is fast becoming the most shocking news story of 2012, Obama's secret war on coal that could
increase your already high power bill as much as 400% in coming months.
As shocking as it sounds, it may well be just a matter of time before the lights start going
out across America.
But here's some good news.
There's an underground video at Exposed123.com that thousands of smart patriots have used
to end their slavery to the corrupt electricity monopoly.
The video at Exposed123.com has already been banned by Google and the liberal media is
doing everything in its power to take it down and keep America in the dark.
So watch it now at Exposed123.com before it's too late.
Again, that's Exposed123.com.
HempUSA.org has a revolutionary wonderfood for detoxing the body and rebuilding the immune
system.
Microplant powder can help unclog arteries and soften heart valves while removing heavy
metals, virus, fungus, bacteria, and parasites.
Plus it cleans and purifies the blood, lungs, stomach, and colon.
Keep your body clean with microplant powder.
Order today at 888-910-4367 or visit HempUSA.org.
Hi, this is Ted Anderson.
Have you ever wondered why banks, stockbrokers, investment advisors won't talk about gold
IRAs?
They've been available since 1986, yet the financial industry won't recognize the value
of gold for your retirement.
Gold is outperformed paper investments, yet no word about IRAs.
If you would like to have gold for your retirement, call 800-686-2237.
To get left behind by rising inflation and low returns, call 800-686-2237.
Secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
Chicago is a virtual battlefield.
More than 500 shooting deaths in 2012 have made Chicago the murder capital of America.
Proof that gun control doesn't work, disarming law-abiding citizens ensures that only criminals
have guns.
And Rahm Emanuel and the Chicago Machine want to keep it that way.
If we can't stop them in Chicago, we may lose the whole battle.
But there's hope.
On April 9th, we have a chance to send billionaire Mike Bloomberg, Rahm Emanuel, and his Chicago
Machine a crystal clear message that we have a natural right to defend ourselves, our homes,
and our families, and that they need to keep their hands off our guns.
Illinois Republican Paul McKinley is sending that message in a bitterly fought special
election to replace disgraced ex-rep Jesse Jackson Jr.
Every vote, every voice in support of Paul McKinley is a stand against the gun-grabbing
Chicago Machine.
Will you stand up and defend your gun rights?
Call 800-979-1555, 800-979-1555, that's 800-979-1555, 800-979-1555, paid for by Tea Party Leadership
Fund, not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee, the teapartyleadershipfund.com.
All right, the next segment with my two co-hosts here today, Jacari Jackson and David Knight,
we will start going to your phone calls interspersed with some of the clips we played earlier.
But we were just getting into Arte Sveta saying, hey, don't worry about registration leading
the conversation.
That's ridiculous.
If you've ever heard of that, meanwhile, they just had a speech up there where the city
councilman's like, hey, don't worry, first we're gonna register.
Then you're signed about gun ban, you're gonna need that sign cuz that's what we're gonna
do.
And then the crowd's all laughing and cheering and a woman comes up with her hand and kinda
hits him in the back and they're grabbing at a sign and then the media's like, look
at that troublemaking gun owner over there.
And we don't want your guns, it's like, folks, this is military operations.
They found in World War I, if you had speakers blaring, this is not an assault.
Even though troops were coming over, the French and Germans did it back and forth on each
other that people wouldn't fight as hard.
So they just, it's like in Saving Private Ryan where the German soldiers, they're trying
to stab each other.
And the American soldier starts getting the upper hand, and the guy's like, no, let's
be friends.
Let's be friends.
We're not fighting now.
And the guy gives up and then he's like, slides that knife in.
We don't want your guns.
There's no bullets.
There's nothing going on.
There's no, the fellow reserve it in private.
I'm sorry, go ahead.
That's exactly right.
Now, I just wanna talk about a little bit about their views, these people at this rally.
They just want reasonable restrictions and one of those restrictions is to have people
who have felony offenses not be able to have their right to bear arms.
Now, to many people it may sound reasonable, they think about felonies as murder or heavy
drug trafficking.
So we have the article on infowars.com about a man who was arrested, charged with felony
offenses for releasing balloons.
And you think about this, this is the new bar, or should I say the bar has been lowered.
You can see the, yeah, you can see it right there.
Man faces five years in prison for releasing balloons.
And people say that's infowars.com.
We'll go to the bottom and then click on the Sun Sentinel newspaper.
He's facing five to seven years for releasing three heart-shaped balloons.
Yeah, so that's the new bar.
For environmental crimes.
Yeah, so if you release balloons.
And he wouldn't be able to have guns because he let those balloons go.
Because he would have a felony if he's charged with that.
And on that same account, we can go to clip number seven here.
And this is Asa Bail talking about the slippery slope of gun registration.
Here it is.
I would really like to see an anti-gun trafficking federal law to keep people from trafficking
guns to folks that shouldn't have them.
Now I know that Alex and a lot of his viewers are worried about that slippery slope.
But like I've told Alex before, and I feel this in my heart of hearts, the right to bear
arms has been part of our nation's history.
I mean, it was a huge part of our nation's history.
It's something that we have to support.
But we protect it by taking common sense steps to do a better job of keeping guns out of
the wrong people's hands.
Over there in Colorado, in Aurora, where he's, I mean, that guy would have been nice to be
able to have something where we could at least take possession of those firearms for safe
keeping until they can work through their issues.
So there you go.
He said, I at least like to have access to those guns temporarily, pre-crime, because
he had-
But meanwhile, he was planning it.
He told everyone it's now come out in court.
He was on seven drugs.
Right.
In a mind control DARPA program, gee, wonder why the top Air Force psych warfare specialist
didn't tell the police.
But now, because it's on record, goes, well, I did, they never stop them.
I wonder why.
And Adam Lanza had his guns illegally.
He tried to buy guns five times.
Oh, yeah.
But look at what Acevedo is doing.
He's on the typical Democrat talking points.
He comes out and he says, we want you to have, we only want to take guns away from criminals,
people who are convicted felons.
We're going to give them due process and then they shouldn't have guns anymore because they've
been judged to be dangerous to the community.
Something like Jokari just pointed out, a felony is not what you think of as a felony.
It could be releasing a couple of balloons on the beach and then getting hit with a felony
charge.
It could be from the interview that you had earlier this week, Jokari, with Antonio Beeler.
Yeah.
And Alex, you know that situation, he was arrested for filming police attacking somebody
else-
Here in Austin.
Yeah, here in Austin.
And then he was attacked by the police.
This is all on camera.
We've shown it on info.
He's backing away.
They say he assaulted them.
Yeah.
And then they say that he spit on them.
They say that the police are wrestling him to the ground.
He adds his hands up like this, you know, like I'm not resisting and they try to slam
them to the ground.
A pretty pathetic attempt, if I might add so myself, but they're trying to slam the
guy to the ground and he said, I'm not resisting, but you know, now they're trying to charge
him with felonies for filming police.
And then they'll get his guns.
Don't worry.
And Acevedo supported that.
He supported the officers who are lying.
Okay.
And he pushed for maximum charges on this guy.
And it's always, oh, we love the veterans.
The truth is they hate him because he's an army ranger, you know, from Iraq and Kosovo.
Yeah.
We'll show you.
Yeah.
But it's exactly, you know, what we're talking about.
They're taking a fundamental right and they're turning it into a government granted privilege.
And first he tells people, don't worry, we're only going to take rights away from convicted
felons.
But then later he turns it to anybody that a psychiatrist points a finger at.
And that's what they're calling for, that they have a bill in the Texas legislature
where the police just say they think you're acting mentally ill and your guns are gone.
Exactly.
I mean, that's Soviet Union, but it's okay.
Cause Ardis Aveda is so nice.
And that's what, oh, he's a friendly guy.
He is a friendly guy.
I'll give him that.
He is a friendly guy.
Just don't turn your back on him.
We'll be right back.
We're on the march.
The empire's on the run.
Alex Jones and the GCN radio network.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health.
At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection of
silver based products.
Our most popular silver based products are the 32 ounce nano silver solutions, our two
ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well as our all natural silver soaps.
Just released is our 100% natural silver gel.
Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and
leave the silver at the surface, but rather we have formulated our silver gel using the
natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the
skin while delivering the silver more effectively.
Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver based products
are best for you.
That's www.silverlungs.com.
Introducing Pro One.
All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go.
No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolicic
acid advanced manufacturing technology combined silver impregnated white ceramic with new
aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one
filter element.
It is the only one that does it and out of the gates.
We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia, and chlorine, hydrofluorosolicic acid, the most common form of fluoride not
covered by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro Pure with the new Pro One filters today at mfowarskstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons, but how will these items
help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria,
viruses, moles, and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it
the number one choice of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com.
Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
We are on the march.
The empire is on the run.
Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're back live, going to your calls here in a moment.
We're just seeing a rampage of authoritarianism out there on every front, so many fronts I
can't even keep track of, but we're gonna go to Dean, Paul, Kent, Mark, Sean, and others
here in a moment.
The toll-free number to join us is 800-259-9231.
Gentlemen, let's get to some more of these clips.
What's up next, Sha'Carri?
Well, actually, we have the last clip, and I'll let David introduce this one because
he actually asked the question.
Well, basically, we just wanted to see if he's having trouble getting ammunition.
There's reports, it was actually linked to Drudge, I think two or three days ago, where
they were talking about police departments couldn't get ammunition.
The Tennessee Highway Patrol couldn't get ammunition.
The lead story was some police department, where they're putting off their qualification
because they couldn't get sufficient ammunition.
So I asked Art Acevedo if the Austin Police Department was having any trouble getting
ammunition.
Here's what he said.
One quick one.
Are you having any trouble getting ammunition?
No, actually, no.
So when we heard that, we went out and we looked around Austin to see if we could buy
any ammunition from sporting goods stores.
Slim pickings.
Yeah.
And that piece is tonight.
No, it'll be tomorrow night.
Tomorrow night.
So this year, I was in an academy about a month ago buying ammo.
And you have to go to the front register to get one box of 2-2-3, 3-0-8, or 40, or 9,
all the government stuff.
And I was told by the guys behind the counter, well, trucks come in, there's guys waiting.
Sometimes it's the police, we try to help them out.
You found one article out of East Texas where the gun shop said they give cops preferential
treatment.
So I sent you over there to see, A, let's show people there's real, cuz I told Watson
about this, actually it was a month and a half ago before anybody had the news that
they were rationing ammo.
And for whatever reason, he's a great writer, he had too much on his plate.
Now it's news, but I was there at academy and then I called around at other academies
and they go, no, you get one box.
You guys experienced that same thing, correct?
Yeah, we did some hidden camera stuff.
I believe we all went out.
I went to one of the academies here in Austin and I go to the front counter.
Well, first I go back to the gun bar and they're more the desired ammunition, your 2-2-3s,
your 9 millimeters.
They kept those up front.
So I go back up front to the customer service desk and I say, hey, do you have any 2-2-3s?
They say, yes, but you can only buy one box.
I was like, okay.
So I pull out my money and the guy behind the cashier girl, he said, well, you can buy
two if you have somebody else buy one.
But the cashier girl is telling me, no, this is our last box.
So I'm like, okay, do you have one box or can I buy two if I'm with somebody else?
Then the guy says, okay, just let the guy buy two, but I only had enough money for one
so I just bought one.
And-
That was that Remington bore killer, 2-2-3.
That's the one you saw we have back there in the office.
So I mean, it definitely is bullet rationing and even they resorted to the point of lying
to you.
If you go in there and you want to get more than one box and just instead of saying, sir,
you're going to get one box like, no, this is our last box.
Well, see, I was told more because there was three guys and I bought a couple of shotguns.
And one guy was shaking because it was me and they go, don't worry, he's just a weekend
guy.
And of course, all these listeners come up shaking my hand and I go, okay, I want that
shotgun and I want that shotgun because you can't ever have enough shotgun semi-autos.
And the guy's going, you can't have two, you can't have two, and I'm-
Why can't you buy two?
Well, he goes, we got to fill out an ATF report, wherever you buy two rifles.
And the manager goes, no, we don't.
And I'm going, well, now tell me, how do I get 2-2-3 more than just one box?
He goes, well, we weren't selling it right out of the truck to whoever got there first.
We tried to help the police out first.
So I think Ace Aveda, maybe he's getting from the feds Homeland Security.
I mean-
He's certainly got connections.
Oh, yeah.
He's up all week talking to Biden.
And he's not just standing behind him, he's on the news with the Vice President.
Yeah, and he's very confident.
He said, no, I have no problems getting ammunition.
El Diablo.
We've seen the articles in other organizations, police organizations, where they're having
trouble getting ammunition, some gun stores even making their own now, just to supply.
And we have to understand too, we touched on it at the very end of the, just before
the break.
But the argument that he's using, the standard Democrat talking points is, don't worry, we're
only coming after dangerous felons, and they've had due process.
But then as they talk, they spin it and say, and anybody that a psychiatrist deems to be
dodgy, a little bit dodgy.
So now it's not a court, it's the psychiatrist, psychologist that are public drug reps pushing
drugs on kids.
Their answer is, all our Prozac heads keep shooting everybody up, so now let's put more
people on it.
And you lose due process, and not only does that person lose due process, but everybody
in the household loses due process.
Remember, there's that story that we covered, I don't remember where it was, but the kid
had-
The water gun.
The water gun.
And they went in and confiscated the dad's guns.
Well, that was on Monday, the bullies are beating them up so they joke, we could squirt
them with water guns.
I brought water guns to school, you name it.
We threw footballs at each other all day, I mean, whatever, whereas they banned dodgeball.
There it is right there on the screen.
Yeah, there it is.
And they come to the house, they go, well, when he moves out when he's 18, the kid's
10, you can have your guns back, maybe.
Yeah, took $6,500 worth of guns from him, just confiscated him.
This is something-
No judge, no jury, no nothing, just the police or God.
Because they had registration information on him, they knew that he had a gun.
Because there were other kids, they didn't go after the other family.
And again, that's Long Island.
So the issue here is, they just do whatever they want now.
Yeah.
I mean, there's not even a law to do that.
And they want that nationwide, just color of law.
Folks, tyranny is when they do whatever they want.
And it's here, and by the way, you notice they're announcing, we're gonna take the federal
pension funds to prop up the derivatives now, and we're gonna take your 401k now, or part
of it.
And you know what, there is that new thing on investments, that new extra tax, and there
is that payroll tax on poor people.
Right.
And I mean, how long can they get away with this level of con artistry?
I just don't get why people can't see it, cuz I used to work for the city of Tulsa back
when I still lived in Oklahoma.
And when I was coming in and filling out all my paperwork, they asked me, would you like
to invest in the retirement plan?
And I'd just seen on 60 Minutes, it was some town, I can't remember where it was, they
just came in and took everybody's retirement plans who worked for the city for 30 plus
years.
So ladies looking at me across the desk like, do you wanna sign up for our retirement plan?
I thought, I'm not gonna be a retirement plan.
You know why they think it's all about to collapse?
You got hundreds of cities, even some big ones going under, not just in Michigan, but
California, you name it.
In the last three, four years, the city managers and three or four other key people, some of
them getting paid $100,000 a year in even small towns that's come out in California.
Doesn't somebody in California make more money than Obama?
No, no, there's a city manager in a small town that made 800,000.
Why not?
I mean, they do whatever they want.
Guys type in, California bureaucrats paid 800,000, it was like 844,000.
But the point is, they've quietly moved into other private pension funds that they know
have been protected.
And they're gonna loot everybody else's.
I mean, you cops following these criminal's orders, you really think you're gonna take
our guns and not have everything you've got taken?
Mexico has tripled the resources in major studies you can look up that the US does.
Oil, gold, timber, soils, volcanic, I mean, the whole thing, except for a little bit of
the north, is the best soil in the world.
And Mexico, Mexico can't get anything going because the El Jefe's don't want people doing
well.
Yeah, there it is, there it is, who reportedly had a combined salary of 1.6 million.
Oscar Hernandez, the mayor of Bell, California, and the city council accepted the resignation.
The city manager, Robert Rizzo, assistant city manager, Angela, how do you say that,
Spasiza, and police chief, Randy Adams, who reportedly had a combined salary of 1.6 mil.
And see, that's not even the worst one.
People in California finally went, you're taking my house for property taxes cuz I can't
pay it?
Does it have a medical issue or whatever, and the insurance won't cover it?
You're taking my house and you make $800,000 a year in a town of 50,000 people?
Yeah, that's how it works.
That's exactly how it works.
And we've already seen precedents of this.
In Illinois, they had the teacher's union, and the teacher's employees had a state pension.
And of course, the state comes in and borrows against it to the hilt.
And that was one of the things that they came in and said, let's try to, they actually voted,
the teachers actually voted to have private pensions.
So they would actually have an account with their name on it, and they had transparency
to see what was there.
But now they're gonna come after the private pensions.
And they're not gonna borrow it.
They're just gonna take it.
Well, look at Europe in the final orgy.
They're going after the billionaires now who aren't on the inside group and taking all
their money.
And it turns out the really insider guys are all tax-exempt.
Yeah, because they're giving you a haircut while they just rip money out of your account.
And it's amazing to me that people don't think that it can happen here.
Notice the first week they reported on it, and now you never hear about it again?
And they took 100% of some accounts.
Yeah.
Cuz why not?
They got away with 10%?
Cuz there's no guns in Cyprus, only the government has them.
And boy, I've talked to folks that have been to Cyprus, it's highly paramilitary.
You know, soldier cops with machine guns, but you don't have them.
And guess what?
You don't have your bank account either.
Wow.
All right, I wanna go to some phone calls, but we never got to clip number two, which
I guess is a repeat of Martinez and I guess Art Acevedo.
I think the biggest thing is that they went out and intimidated the two guys with pro
gun signs.
Mm-hm.
A lady hits them in the back.
It's weird, I mean, I love women.
They're heckling.
It's weird how women will hit you.
They'll kind of just like eat like that.
She like pow with her fingers, hits him, and then they cuss at him, and then he's bad cuz
they did that.
Yeah, and they're heckling the guy, and I don't know if it's in that clip, but you can
hear one of the ladies saying, is this your bodyguard to the smaller guy?
And they're making fun of him, and you can obviously see him there covering his sign,
but they're the bad guys.
And then Acevedo comes over and leans into him.
What do you think?
This is America?
This is Cuba?
Well, it's key to remember what Martinez said.
When he got pushed and when he got his blood up, he said, we're gonna make your gun ban
sign come true.
What's the one where our Acevedo says, I wanna confront Alex.
I'm not taking the guns.
I don't know if we have that one.
We need that for the nightly news with that, then cutting to all the gun grabbers saying,
once we register, we're gonna get them.
Okay, we'll get that.
And the registration- And it's so fake.
He's like, how dare Alex say that?
It's just so fake.
Have you ever had your kids when they're stealing candy or something, and they try that thing
of acting angry, and then you see the wrapper sticking out of their pocket?
I'm sorry.
Well, the registration that he's proposing, that Democrats are proposing, is bad enough,
even without all-out confiscation.
We understand it is a step to confiscation, but it is gonna have immediate effect on a
lot of people when you look at the way they're going around and already using registration
information to grab your guns if they see something on Facebook that your son put on
there about a squirt gun or something, right?
So that's a serious step right there.
It's changing a fundamental right into a privilege.
But outside of law, they're kicking kids out of school for their pastry looking like a
gun.
Right.
Or a GI Joe toy or a Nerf gun.
I mean, they're just doing it.
Like you said, brainwash.
Turn people against guns.
Yeah, when they locked down a school cuz you brought your Nerf gun.
I mean, it's so ridiculous.
And we need to understand that these constitutional sheriffs that Acevedo attacked, these are
elected officials, okay?
Police chiefs are not elected.
They're appointed bureaucrats, okay?
And like Sheriff Max said, any gun law is illegal.
And he did go to the Supreme Court.
He did fight the Brady bill all the way to the Supreme Court and he won.
So they just changed it.
Right?
You know, it's just amazing that we've gotten to this point.
All right, let's go to the phone calls here.
We're gonna go to Dean and Paul, Kent, Mark.
Sean, thanks for calling in today.
By the way, Info Wars Nightly News tonight.
We've got one of our reporter's first pieces on the street, it is incredible.
The majority of Austinites we talked to did not know what dihydrogen monoxide was.
We've redone that piece that Penn and Teller did nine years ago.
And they said, ban water.
And then you guys are gonna go out and you're gonna get them to say, ban, what, sodium chloride
and- Carbon dioxide, which you breathe out.
Of course, the EPA's on board with that.
Oh, they are, yeah.
It's just as ridiculous as banning water if you stop and think about it.
Well, the plants would die.
They've done the ice core samples, the lowest ever recorded are carbon dioxide.
Plants grow faster, healthier, there's more oxygen, humans live longer.
Absolutely.
It's almost like the Earth's losing its atmosphere.
They think all those A-bombs and stuff they detonated, the US military in the 60s, the
upper atmosphere may have blown holes in the atmosphere.
But that's good.
Just say the atmosphere is bad.
Yeah.
I mean, just kill everybody.
Kill babies.
I mean, your kids don't belong to you.
No, and I saw the tweet, I think we posted on Infowars.com.
She goes, Jesus says I love you.
Which I'm sure he does love her, but I mean, regardless-
It's just a flippant thing.
Your kids belong to the collective now, it's like you're joining the Borg.
And then you're not allowed to even criticize, she goes, I forgive my enemies.
That is nothing new, though.
That's a Ford Foundation deal where they go, I'm with Jesus.
Yeah, but I mean, that whole thing about your kids belonging to the state, that goes all
the way back to Plato's Republic.
Oh, yeah.
He had absolute control over everybody, and he wanted to destroy the family.
He didn't want anyone to even know who their parents were, so the state could completely
control them.
That was his prescription.
And that's what North Korea's done.
And then some guys accuse me for talking about the allegory of the cave, that I support Plato.
That's how dumbed down even pseudo-intellectuals are.
If I go, it's like Plato's allegory of the cave, which is a really good allegory, then
I support Plato.
I mean, it's just like, I never knew I was that smart.
You guys feel like you're super smart, it's just normal.
The general public's a bunch of idiots.
I don't know.
We have the calls.
Absolutely, Jacari, look at that, Jacari, which means friend of callers.
Let's go to Dean in Virginia, thanks for holding her on the air.
Hello, Dean, good thing I didn't go to him, he's not there.
I wanted to hear what Dean had to say, John, are you there up at the network?
Yeah, we've lost talk back to the network in Minnesota.
So that's what that reason, we may not be able to take callers, so see, it's magic.
Again, Genesis, can you hear me, have we even been off the air a while or who even knows
what's going on?
Yeah, we're reconnecting with the network.
And I want to hear what you have to say, Dean, so don't, oh, the call system is locked up
in here.
So that's why we got to keep scanning, like we're air traffic controllers, scanning, scanning,
scanning.
Let's talk about this constitutional sheriff stuff.
I mean, you know, we need to get behind these sheriffs.
We need to have someone who is going to stand with the law.
And you know, we don't need the Supreme Court to tell us what the meaning of not being fringed
is.
We pretty well can understand that.
And you know, going all the way back to when this was first, the first idea came out here,
Marbury versus Madison, that was where they established the fact that they were going
to have the Supreme Court review all the laws.
That was not an established fact.
Jefferson attacked that from the very beginning and said, if you do that, you've turned the
Constitution into a suicide pact.
That's a, let me read a quote from him, he says right here, in denying the right they
usurp of exclusively explaining the Constitution, and he's saying that the Supreme Court should
not exclusively explain the Constitution, he says, intending to establish three departments,
coordinate and independent, that they may check and balance one another, it's been given
according to this opinion, that is Marbury versus Madison, to one of them alone, that
is the Supreme Court, the right to prescribe rules for the government of the others.
And to that one too, which is unelected by an independent of the nation.
In other words, these are politically appointed judges that are going to stand over and have
final say so over every law.
And Jefferson said, that was not the checks and balances that we had for the federal government.
Certainly isn't the checks and balances that are there with the people and with the states.
And that's what the 10th Amendment is about.
It says rights that have not been expressly or powers-
Yeah, hey, hold on one second, I gotta be engineer on there too.
Hey, guys, I've lost connection to the network, and I guess I need to get some intel on that.
What's going on network?
We're being hit by denial of service?
All right, all right, well, I just wanna get on the phone with you and make sure that was
happening.
All right, I'm engineer too.
All right, thanks.
All right, well, we can't go to the phone calls.
Go ahead, sorry.
Well, the bottom line is that what Acevedo was saying when he attacked the constitutional
sheriffs was he was saying, you have to do everything that the Supreme Court says.
Well, the Supreme Court and everyone at the federal level is subordinate to the Constitution,
and we-
Yeah, so what if we got a gang of nine?
What if a foreign government got kids like sleeper cells, which is why we said you had
to be natural born here to be president, that used to happen in Europe.
What if you got a Manchurian Supreme Court that then said you have to sacrifice your
children on their fifth birthday?
Well, that's the Supreme Court, let's do that.
I mean, it's the Bill of Rights, the Constitution, which never fully got enforced, i.e. slavery
and stuff, until people did enforce it.
You see, people say the Constitution Bill of Rights failed because they hate it because
it's the best thing ever created in history.
And talking about the Bill of Rights, there's a lady, I'm not sure if we have it in our
clips or not, but she had a sign that said, what amendment protects our children from
the Second Amendment?
And I'm like, how many times have you been saved or somebody in your family has been
saved?
Or even if you didn't know it, just because let's say a police officer comes up, they're
not afraid of the police officer, they're afraid of the gun on his hip.
That's why when the police officer pulls out the gun, the people start running.
But for some reason, it's the Second Amendment's fault, yeah.
All right, folks, we've got like triple redundancy backed up to the network up in Minnesota,
but occasionally one of the connections cuts out, we're not aware of it.
So that caller was probably there on air going, hello, hello, hello, and I'm just sitting
there going, ooh.
So we're going to come back.
Don't throw away leftovers.
Instead, throw all your leftovers, vegetable peels, eggshells, coffee grounds, pizza crusts,
and more into the Bokashi.
If you love to garden and compost, but don't like the hassle of turning a compost bin or
the smell, then check out the EM Bokashi Food Waste Recycling System from Tereganics.
Finally, a way to recycle all your food and plant waste safely and effectively and stop
using fertilizers.
The EM Bokashi Food Waste Recycling System, rather than decomposition, the Bokashi system
uses fermentation to break down waste, so it takes less time to create nutrient-dense
humus for crops or gardens with no turning and no obnoxious odors.
To learn more and order your Bokashi online, visit Tereganics.com and click on the orange
button.
That's Tereganics.com, spelled T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X.com, or call 866-369-3678.
That's 866-369-3678.
Recycle all your food wastes in about six weeks with the Bokashi Food Waste Recycling
System from Tereganics.com.
Tereganics.
Life's getting better.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your
home from home who's watching out for intruders.
Check out SimpliSafe.
It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to GetSimplySafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit, or shed.
GetSimplySafe.com.
SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no
need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com.
Hello, this is Ty Bollinger, author of the bestselling book, Cancer Step Outside the
Box.
I want you to know some very important information.
In 1985, President Ronald Reagan requested that Carnivora be sent directly to the White
House at a time when only the President could obtain this world-class healer.
Now, 27 years later, Carnivora capsules are used around the world to keep people healthy.
Now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in this age of superbugs with 17 naturally
occurring compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal cells only without harming a single
normal cell.
If you want to stay healthy, now's your chance to literally wake up your critical immune
cells to attack harmful invaders that don't belong in your body.
Call 1-866-VenusFly or order from Carnivora.com.
That's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A.com.
That's 1-866-836-8735, 1-866-VenusFly or visit Carnivora.com.
Protect your immune system.
It's the only one you've got.
All right, sorry for the call problems.
We're going to go into overdrive a little bit with the nightly news crew and then we'll
be back tonight.
I'm hosting the news, but you guys are doing some of the interviews and reviewing some
of the great films that are coming in on the $115,000 Paul Revere contest we're running.
Don't forget, folks, we take the money that comes in here to get crew, research, films
to fight the globalists.
We want to win.
That's what we're after.
What makes our boat float?
Fighting tyranny.
I mean, because the tyrants are a bunch of crooks.
I mean, if you don't have an instinct to fight them, something's wrong with you.
And so buy the books, buy the videos, buy your storable high quality seeds from us,
your high quality storable food from info war store.com, other great foods, direct products.
Buy subscriptions to the magazine makes a great gift subscription.
Get a one year subscription, 12 issues, give it to your police department.
Just put their address in there, pay for it.
Boom.
It includes shipping.
Buy them in bulk of groups of 10 up to 100.
Big color glossy magazine with the most hardcore articles of the month and a lot of original
graphics and articles as well.
The latest issue is the hoax issue exposing all the government hoaxes.
Kent in Mississippi, then Paul, Mark and Sean.
Kent, thanks for holding her on the air.
Welcome.
Alex, how are you doing?
Good, sir.
Welcome.
All right.
I just got a couple of points I just wanted to make.
Just been awake for a few years now and I've got to work every single day preaching, trying
to show people just search engine, Operation Northwoods, Gladio, Ajax, et cetera.
The UN, David Spangler, no one went into the New World Order without taking a Luciferian
pledge.
Why can't people understand, you know, AKA the New World Order, you know, they're taking
over the planet.
I've gone to congressional records seeing these famous quotes and they're in there going,
we will have to pay for the New World Order in blood.
We pledged to Lucifer.
I mean, I mean, these people are crazy.
Well, let's look at, you know, I was just going to say you made that montage, I think
it was last week, the week before, and people keep saying there's no New World Order.
And you lined up all these clips showing that all these people have called for a New World
Order or a world government, which defines it as a world government.
And then Joe Biden goes, I want a New World Order, but it doesn't exist.
Pretty much.
Let's look at the UN arms trade treaty.
This is something that they've been planning for quite some time.
They had this coming up for a vote in July, but they were still really getting hit with
this fast and furious scandal, right?
So they pushed that and they said, we'll do that after the election, and they ran the
false flags, right?
What does your gut tell you about Sandy Hook and Aurora?
I think they're false.
Yeah, I think they're false flags.
The timing was just too suspicious.
They did that one week exactly before they were going to have the UN vote.
Well, they should have gotten better actors, too.
Yeah, it did.
It's the worst actors I've ever seen.
It didn't really overcome the narrative and the news that was going on with Fast and Furious
because Republicans were really hitting that for political gain just before the election.
So they said, we're going to come back after the election so abruptly.
I was up there at the UN, we were filming just for this very issue with another group,
and they pulled it out abruptly two days before.
They said, that's it.
We're going to come back after the election.
They came back the very day of the election, and they were ready to do this in the lame
duck session if they needed to.
But because Obama and the Democrats were having a good election, they said, we're going to
revisit this in March when they've got even stronger.
And magically, what came next?
Yeah, and the thing about Sandy Hook is when we went out to this recent rally, we're asking
Acevedo and even some other people, and Sandy Hook was the thing that nobody really wanted
to talk about.
Every time we brought the question to someone, it's like, well, I don't know too much about
that shooting.
I don't know too much about that shooting.
But I'll tell you about Virginia Tech, I'll tell you about the Aurora shooting.
I was like, why doesn't anybody want to talk about Sandy Hook when it's the new thing that's
pushing the new agenda out there?
Well, I mean, most of those people, because I've been to literally, let's not exaggerate,
20 of the 10 bureaucrat marches.
And I mean, it's all either kind of mental patients they bring along, or it's government
workers, or it's actual globalist agents.
Oh, yeah, man, I think the reason they didn't want to talk about Sandy Hook when they're
pushing their registration agenda, I mean, this is the guy who, regardless if you believe
the official story, the official story says that the guy purchased, excuse me, stole the
firearm from his mother.
And they don't want to talk about that.
Can you say, well, if you get stricter background checks, how's it gonna stop a guy from stealing
a gun?
They don't want to bring that up, but I think that's-
Incredible.
Info Wars Nightly News, 7 o'clock Central tonight.
I'm hosting it.
These guys will be in there with more news and commentary, but we're gonna go to overdrive,
and I promise I'm gonna shut up and go to Mark and Sean and Paul and Ron and a few others.
Ron in New York, the retired cop, I need to call him.
He's got some good intel for me.
I got his number in my cell phone.
I haven't called him yet.
We'll be right back.
Stay with us.
Internet streams, infowars.com.
Right now, video streams, prisonplanet.tv, prisonplanet.tv.
In the last two years alone, the US has seen huge losses to our food supply.
In 2011, storms and floods raged across the US, costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone.
In 2012, we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years.
You may think out of sight, out of mind, and so you don't think you will be affected.
The fact is you are.
We all are.
Food shortages drive prices up for everyone.
You might not be able to control mother nature, but you can control your food prices by freezing
the cost and availability of your food supply with eFoods Direct.
Be prepared before you need it.
With nutrient-dense food you can store for up to 25 years.
You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you.
Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best durable foods out there from eFoods
Direct.
Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex and
check out their spring specials.
Again, that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
Live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
All right, we're doing a couple of segments of overdrive here.
Some stations carry it.
For years I did a fourth hour, went back three hours, started the nightly news.
Let's go to your phone calls.
Sha'Carri Jackson is in here with us along with David Knight, and in the next segment
let's talk about one of our new reporters and the report that's coming out tonight.
This is pretty hilarious, but also pretty scary, pretty bombshell.
Let's go to Mark in Pennsylvania.
You're on the air.
Go ahead.
Guys, guys, get your pen and paper, pen and paper.
I'm calling you from Philadelphia, but I'm originally from Missouri, Southern Missouri,
Springfield to be precise.
Something happened in Missouri right now.
A couple of guys put together a Second Amendment Preservation Act.
It's House Bill 436, Senate Bill 325, and the Tenth Amendment Center is calling it some
of the most powerful legislation to come from any state in a long time concerning the Second
Amendment, but also related to the Tenth Amendment, and here's why.
Effectively, if you read the detail of the bills, it effectively nullifies the Firearms
Control Acts of 1968 and 1934.
I've been trying to get the word out to as many people as primarily Missourians to let
them know to call their representatives, call their state senators, and hammer this down
because this could be breakthrough legislation not only for Missouri, but for the rest of
the states to follow suit.
Sounds good to me.
I mean, look, I called the Second American Revolution six months ago, and I said it'd
be a states' rights movement, not to destroy the republic, but to recapture the republic
and then re-upload it.
It's like we gotta kick the virus out and then re-upload the software.
Exactly.
It's what we were just talking about before.
We've gotta get behind constitutional sheriffs, and we've gotta get behind state legislators
who are gonna stand for the Constitution, and more importantly, are gonna stand for
our individual rights, which transcend even the Constitution.
The Constitution recognizes- It only points out like the Ninth Amendment
says, hey, all rights not listed here doesn't mean they don't exist.
I mean, it's- Yeah, that's the thing.
They wanna make your rights a privilege, as David keeps alluding to.
Absolutely, man, that's a great point, caller, a great point, Mark.
I hope that you'll, and don't just count on us to know about something, shoot a YouTube
video.
It's like the Veritas project guy said, very successful targeting the globalist.
And he said, look, we need other people to do this.
This is what's gonna beat them.
Right.
And we need to just, Obama's like swarm them, I need you to help me get the guns.
That's cuz they don't have the people.
I mean, literally, Obama's supporters on average, and again, I'm not a Republican, Republicans
act like they're constitutional and have a lot of better ideas, but they're sold out
and controlled.
And the Democrats, I mean, you've got to be really dumb to want to be a communist.
I mean, you've got to be really dumb, and I think these clips get thrown away after
you use them, like that state rep.
I mean, these people are really dumb.
What do you do when idiots are running things?
Well, half of, well, I won't say half, but a good portion of his supporters aren't even
real cuz we've shown those reports about how the Twitter followers and all this other stuff
is cooked up.
70 plus percent of Obamas are fake.
Yeah, so I mean, they're not all there, but they get people like these mom groups every
now and then to go out there and do a little dirty work for them.
Well, we'll check those out.
That's Missouri, and it's House Bill 436 and Senate Bill 235.
Absolutely, Mark.
Anything else?
Well, I just, also, a friend of mine put together a website, it's 1776trumps1984.com, and you
can find out more information.
People can go there and download the flyer.
They can pass them out.
It's a pretty neat flyer.
It's got a colonial guy with the AK-47.
I wonder where you thought of that, 1776 trumps 1984.
I love it.
You gotta come up with a weird card deck that has stuff like that on it.
Not just here's the bad New World Order guy, but funny stuff, you know?
All right, brother, good to hear from you.
I'm gonna check that site out.
And again, please, ladies and gentlemen, we're gonna go to break, come back into another
segment with your calls for Sean and Ron and Paul and Alex and everybody with our guest
host here.
It's fun having you guys ride shotgun with me.
Yeah, it's an interesting day.
A day long remembered, we've seen the end of Kenobi.
We'll soon see the end of the rebellion.
I'm gonna stop it.
I get a little dangy, Jacari.
I know.
Can you imagine some day, Jacari, not even knowing you're on the air and not even caring?
I can see that day coming, yeah.
I hear the train a coming.
It's rolling around the bend and I ain't seen the sunshine since I don't know when I'm stuck
in Folsom Prison.
Hello, I'm Alex Jones, myself, my family, the Infowars.com team want to relay to you
and your families that we are intensifying our efforts against the globalist on every
front.
Infowars.com is leading the fight against the technocrats, but we can't do that without
your help.
By getting the films, bumper stickers and t-shirts at Infowars.com, you will wake up
people in your area and support our operation as we move to the next level.
We need your help to spread the word like never before.
They wish to hide themselves during this tectonic battle between the forces of freedom and darkness.
You are the response to the globalist technocrats and their program of global eugenics dehumanization
and ultimate extermination.
The war is here.
It's an info war.
The spirit of 1776 versus the mindset of 1984.
Chicago is a virtual battlefield.
More than 500 shooting deaths in 2012 have made Chicago the murder capital of America.
Proof that gun control doesn't work.
Disarming law abiding citizens ensures that only criminals have guns.
And Rahm Emanuel and the Chicago Machine want to keep it that way.
If we can't stop them in Chicago, we may lose the whole battle.
But there's hope.
On April 9th, we have a chance to send billionaire Mike Bloomberg, Rahm Emanuel and his Chicago
Machine a crystal clear message that we have a natural right to defend ourselves, our homes
and our families and that they need to keep their hands off our guns.
Illinois Republican Paul McKinley is sending that message in a bitterly fought special
election to replace disgraced ex-rep Jesse Jackson Jr.
Every vote, every voice in support of Paul McKinley is a stand against the gun grabbing
Chicago Machine.
Will you stand up and defend your gun rights?
Call 800-979-1555.
800-979-1555.
That's 800-979-1555.
800-979-1555.
Paid for by Tea Party Leadership Fund fact not authorized by any candidate or candidate's
committee.
The Tea Party Leadership Fund dot com.
Are you still a traditional smoker?
Now experience a new lifestyle and try vaping with e-cigarettes by LASIG.
Imagine no ashes, stains, nasty smell or coughing and hacking with LASIG e-cigarettes revolutionary
micro-electronic technology, rechargeable battery and unique replaceable cartridge.
You'll get all the benefits and satisfaction of smoking without the hazards.
Choose your taste from a wide variety of our new American made Vapri at e-liquids at LASIG.com.
And LASIG smokes the competition by serving thousands of worldwide customers with real
people customer service, fast free same day shipping and a 30 day warranty and satisfaction
guarantee.
So are you ready for a new vaping lifestyle?
Then call 870-518-4307, that's 870-518-4307 or visit LASIG.com, spelled L-E-C-I-G.com.
LASIG e-cigarettes for today's modern smoker.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups.
You want answers?
Well so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network.
And now live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
This is CNN, closed captioned, delighted by Bela Glanton, the heart of closed captioned
communication.
You guys were saying, can you really do it Darth Vader?
Yeah, that's pretty good.
I can probably really do it.
Max was surprised, your highness, you weren't on the mercy mission this time.
Several transmissions were beamed to this ship.
I want to know what happened to the plans they sent you.
This is a diplomatic ship.
You are part of the rebel alliance and a traitor.
Take her away.
I'm just having fun.
Why not have some fun while these gun grabbing bastards are running all over us, lying to
us.
You know what makes me the master?
We are here to enslave you, lay down your arms and we'll kill you.
Then we'd organize and defeat them.
Instead it's like, we want to be your friend.
No one wants to take your guns.
We'll get you a little bastards gun as soon as we can.
Oh, hi, we're your friends.
I mean, I'm like, I'm sick of these people.
Yeah, I think we all are.
And that's what we saw this rally.
That's what we saw everywhere this rally.
I don't want your guns, right?
And then we had the one Martinez said he did.
Then everybody's here and is like, yeah, if we can get the guns, we'll take them.
Yeah.
They want to live like Chicago or New York.
They love it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But let's understand that they're talking about taking due process from people right
now with these registration bills.
They're going to take that due process and you know, quote unquote, felons.
Okay.
People who let go of balloons.
It's like, oh, just, just felons.
And by the way, you're ready to process or even people who are alleged to be felons like
Antonio Beeler.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Sorry.
Keep losing his last name there.
No, no.
He said everybody always makes fun of him.
Yeah.
Bueller from the Ferris Bueller.
I mean, that's what it looks like.
If you look at the guy's name.
I know everybody I know says you pronounce it Bueller, but he goes, no, it's Bueller.
So it's like potato, patata, right?
But he got like red farm is really fab Faberge or something, but not that fancy, but you
on the right, right track.
But Antonio Bueller didn't cave and he started an organization here in Austin too.
So I mean that, that, you know, he's taking action.
I admire what he's doing.
I was being sarcastic with him.
I think he almost thought I was being serious.
Yeah.
I mean, they're teasing him.
We need to realize that the guy that was the antagonist in this story where he was unjustly
persecuted was our own Art Acevedo, the guy who said, don't worry, you've got nothing
to fear.
We can.
That's why the feds like him.
They're like, wow, look at this guy.
Yeah.
He's like, nevermind this knife.
I'm sliding into your freedom.
Oh, see, it's air conditioned.
It's cold blade, isn't it?
And your body's going to be cold here politically real quick.
Let me just draw this razor across your neck, America.
I'm nice.
I don't want it to be Cuba.
I want it to be a new authoritarian state I run.
That's Art Acevedo.
Meanwhile, we've got families that have to escape to Cuba now in today's America, right?
Because Cuba doesn't like to CPS your kids unless you really abused them.
That's right.
It's like we've outstretched them.
Okay.
Let's go to calls here.
Let's talk to Sean in Canada, then Ron in New York while I'm gibbering.
Go ahead.
And Paul and others.
Go ahead, Sean.
How you doing, Alex?
Great to talk to you.
I'm a long time listener.
I'm a Amazon Planet.tv member, a political science graduate, and thanks to you, I graduated
with a stellar average.
You really invigorated my interest in politics before you.
Impressive.
Most impressive.
Well, God bless you, man.
Before you, I thought history had been written, and like so many people, I thought we were
at the end of history in a way.
There was nothing new to discover.
There were no secrets, and everything was hunky-dory, and it's just you've opened my
eyes to a whole new world, and it's just amazing.
Well, that's what I love to hear.
I don't wake people up.
You're the opposite of a cult.
Cults tell you, this is how it is.
You must only believe this.
We say, open your eyes.
Look at this, and that's what will defeat the globalists, because the New World Order
is a cult.
You've got to buy into their delusional lies.
Go ahead, sir.
What was your comment today?
Tell you.
Sorry?
Dispense with the pleasantries.
Oh, yes.
Excuse me.
Sorry.
So, yeah, so I live in Canada, and it's just, you know, I'm a huge constitutionalist.
I mean, like I said, I got my degree in politics.
I lived in New York City, I have family in America.
I love the U.S. Constitution Bill of Rights, I think it's the greatest document that the
world has ever seen written by men.
And yeah, I try to reach out to everybody.
I tell all my friends, I talk to my friends, and everybody is just so close-minded, trusting,
and naive, and they just, they cannot wrap their heads around the fact that they're in
the world that they don't know.
Well, remember, zombies have never, well, these are people brought up to television.
They just kind of, and they're in a daze, literal brainwaves now, and so they're tuned
in to suspended disbelief.
So it's like the light, they're like, scary.
They think of it as work.
They haven't taken it personal yet that they're being enslaved, but it doesn't matter.
It's always a minority that doesn't wanna be enslaved and that stands up.
So don't feel bad, cuz some areas you run into, the majority's awake.
And then you run into another area, believe me, you're not a public figure.
If you were Alex Jones, and it's not bragging, hey, I'm a big shot, everywhere I go, people
come up.
I mean, you've seen it.
It's all to the point of like, I can't even on the hike and bike trail, I can't go to
Barton Springs, I can't go to Mexico, people come up to me.
And believe me, folks, they're out there.
That's why you should wear an Infowars.com t-shirt, because then you'll meet like-minded
people, plus it funds the operation.
Go ahead, gentlemen.
Well, one of the things is, when you look at these articles from CNN and other places,
they don't usually have a reference to the other documents.
When you look at an Infowars article, and we talk about something like ammunition purchases,
we're going back and we're linking directly to those purchases so you can see it for yourself
You can Google it, we've got the links there, so people can see the documents and they still
deny them.
Every year in August, they have articles in every local paper, I read them this year,
or I guess last year, saying, it's the law.
You must take the vaccines and there's no side effects, no links, obviously it's a newspaper,
no bibliograph, according to such and such.
You go online, the same thing on the newspaper.
You go to our article, hundreds of university links, how it's gonna kill you, the copy of
the insert.
I mean-
I don't know, they just like to say stuff about it, it's like, I believe it was a couple
weeks ago, somebody wrote a hit piece on you.
They said, Alex Jones has reported that TSA hires defrocked priests.
And we have the articles on Infowars right now, but they didn't link to that.
They say, they claim that you made it, you made that statement, but did not link to it.
And that's the kind of things that they do.
Well, even Patriot groups, ten years later ago, Jones claims he has footage of FEMA teaching
the founding fathers are bad.
I have where it was, Kansas City, the video, and the manual, and news articles about it.
Right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We sell those clips.
They want to call us paranoid.
They want to say we're making stuff up.
Bring it on.
We'll show them the links.
I mean, look at this right here.
Time columnist warning others about government oppression is anti-American crap.
They cannot have a debate about how this is an authoritarian takeover.
They want to label cyanide mommy's milk.
Sean, anything else?
I want to say that every single legislator involved in voting for these bills and whatnot
in trying to instill gun control is literally committing treason.
I was reading an essay by a constitutional lawyer that I got off Oath Keepers.
I've joined them as well.
No, no.
I mean, it is treason.
It is sedition.
I don't get up here.
Look, it's criminal to knowingly get up there and lie and try to register guns with a plan
to confiscate them.
It is organized government fraud that has a name, tyranny.
Thanks for the call.
Paul in New York, then Paul in New Jersey.
Ron, you're on the air, sir.
Is this the retired cop that gives me so much good info?
Yes, it is.
And by the way, I'm going to try to call you today.
I know I got your number and you've got some inside intel.
I've been meaning to call you.
I've just run out of time.
What's your point on the orgy of evil you've been seeing?
Well, here, case in point, in the state of New York, the other big shoe is dropped.
We have now had the first case in the state of New York where the state police have ordered
the seizure of somebody's firearms, who's a pistol permit holder, because he has some
months past taken medication, a psychotropic medication for anxiety, even though the man
was not deemed dangerous or mental defective or anything of that nature as a complete clean
background.
No, no, no.
They push it on you like drug dealers in a schoolyard and now they're announcing, that's
our article you're talking about, that's on Drudge, that they're coming for our guns.
And look, thank God I've never been on anything.
I mean, I had a surgery and didn't want to take the opiate pills cuz they made me sick.
You ain't got nothing on me, dirtbag government.
Sorry, go ahead.
Go ahead, Ron.
It's something they had absolutely no legal right to do.
This is the suspicion that the police cross-reference a list of pistol permit holders with what
we have in New York State, and you'll soon have in the nation with Obamacare, a medical
prescription database that we have in there- No, no, that's in there and it was for the
gun confiscation.
It's a kind of declarance, all mentally defective.
And what Ron just described is exactly what Acevedo wants to do here in Austin, in Texas.
But we're supposed to like it and we're conspiracy theorists.
Even though the Mayor Pro Tem is up there saying, we'll get your guns, I'll get you
registered in your little dog too.
Pretty much, I just got an email the other day from a guy, I can't remember where he
was.
But he said he called his mom talking about he was mildly depressed because he lost his
job and then the SWAT team showed up at his house demanding that he come outside and turn
in his fire off.
This happened to G Gordon Liddy's producer like 15 years ago.
She answered a survey or something that had her address on it and got put in for like
a month.
Gorgeous model, producer, famous, and they wrecked her life.
This is the secret police.
This is an industry that wants, they're not just gonna CPS little kids, they're gonna
CPS adults.
Exactly, yeah.
Well, that's their cult.
They had a Democratic Party operative in psychology today write a big cover story about how I'm
insane.
Yeah, insanely free, insanely alive.
You're insanely politically dead, you're a pathetic creature.
And he says I'm mentally ill.
Well, that was always a tactic of Stalin and other dictators that say that people were
insane and to commit them without any due process because people will stand for a lesser
due process if you accuse somebody of being insane or you say that they're on a dangerous
drug and yet we want to put the people who are prescribing these dangerous drugs in charge
of determining who is sane.
Well, there is a cult of white robes.
The court in your pleadings, you worship to it, you pray for the folks that don't know,
you pray in the pleading.
You start praying in pleadings, you start winning.
All these modern lawyers don't know it's about worshiping the court.
It's a Roman court basically is what they've superimposed over our common law.
So you worship the judge, you pray to the judge, you pray to the court, you can even
throw some more stuff in there and they'll really get excited because it's like ancient
commands.
But the whole point is, I don't know why I even went off into that whole story, is that
now it's not even going to be courts.
They're just going to take your guns.
Yeah.
Oh, absolutely.
That's what they want.
Ron, anything else you want to add?
Yes.
There's quite a bit else I'd like to add.
There was now with the UN Arms Treaty, okay?
We're going to skip this break.
Go ahead.
We're going to skip this break.
Go ahead.
It's immaterial whether or not they ratify that treaty because the domestic laws that
are presently being discussed in Congress comport with what is called for in the UN
Arms Treaty.
That's why they're trying to get it through.
But I've read the treaty.
It points to the directives in other agreements.
We've done countless reports on this that says the state can have government.
The state can have guns, not the people.
So it says we don't interfere with state rights to guns, but state is defined as the United
States.
Go ahead.
Go ahead, David.
You want to say something?
But the fact- No, go ahead.
Let Ron go.
It says, gentlemen, that whether they ratify that treaty or not, if this legislation that's
being proposed and is supposedly going to be voted on in the U.S. Senate tomorrow passes,
they get what they want.
It's all the same thing in the end, and they know what they're doing.
Now another thing, too, that I've just about had it with, and I think it's time that we
be brave enough to step up as men and say this.
We aren't insensitive beasts, but I believe five months of mindless emotionalism thrown
at me constantly showing the families or so forth of Newtown is a bit enough.
This is a social policy issue that should be thought through intelligently-
Well, they're waving the bloody shirt.
I appreciate your call, Ron.
They're obviously 100% shamelessly doing this.
It's about making us the bad guys.
Hitler demonized groups before he went after him.
Every authoritarian does this.
We're being demonized.
Yeah, I mean, and that's the most ammunition they have is to just wave these kids, to bring
the kids on stage and, hey kids, what do you think about gun laws?
I would really like Obama to ask, hey kids, what do you think about these drones killing
other kids in the other parts of the world?
I really wish you'd asked those kids that.
Well, what Ron was saying about the UN arms trade treaty is exactly right.
I think that this has been the target all along is registration.
They talked about confiscation, and Feinstein is a master of misdirection.
She did that with the NDAA.
She told people that she came up with a Feinstein-Lee amendment that said, we're going to take out
the bad sections of the NDAA that violate civil liberties and deny due process and turn
this into a military court instead of a civilian court.
And then they just removed it arbitrarily, McCain-
Or then they come back and go, this is the new NDAA.
We're going to restrict it.
And then it gets rid of Posse Comitatus.
Right.
So she's been involved in this kind of mystery.
Let me treat that bullet word, boom, boom, boom.
She's been involved in this kind of misdirection before, and this is about registration.
This arms trade treaty focuses on the transfer of weapons across borders.
And they said, the only way that we can do that is if we identify and register guns and
gun owners.
That's right.
The states have to agree to control the guns within their borders.
So just like Agenda 21, the UN comes up and they have this other, I can't remember right
off the top of my head.
Legal framework.
Yeah.
They create these legal frameworks.
UNIDIR.
Yeah.
Just like they do with Agenda 21.
And then they have the individual countries enact this.
So they're coming at it from both directions.
They're coming at it with domestic legislation and they're coming at it with the treaty.
Because they're not going to take a chance that they're going to lose on this registration.
And if we say that we won because we beat them back from confiscation and all we got
was registration, that was what they were after all.
Absolutely.
And again, it's two sided.
They're not only trying to get us registered for confiscation, a bunch of states already
taking them, and home inspections and all this.
Internationally, it's about not letting little countries get arms to protect themselves from
the UN death force.
Right.
And folks don't know the UN is the greatest mass murderers over time the world's ever
seen.
Mao has the highest number than Stalin and then Hitler.
Well, I should go Stalin, Lenin, Hitler.
But the UN continually just is murdering, slaughtering, raping, lining people up, shooting
them.
But Angelina Jolie says they love your kids.
Let's go to a phone call.
Paul in New Jersey.
You're on the air, Paul.
Welcome.
Good afternoon, gentlemen.
Yeah.
Well, you're talking about Fast and Furious.
Well, that's the guns for the drug dealers, the hard drug dealers.
They give them, that's their supplier, they give them the guns and they shoot the people
who are trying to stop them down there.
That's when they shot the 200 Mexicans and in another war, INSA used.
Well, I mean, it's actually in the thousands, they conservatively 400.
It's thousands and thousands of dead Mexicans with the Fast and Furious stuff.
Hundreds here, at least three cops, Border Patrol and a cop.
You're absolutely right.
Imagine, it's not about Fast and Furious anymore and all those dead kids.
It's about how we, Obama actually and Holder and the rest of them shipped the guns down
there to blame the Second Amendment.
And now they flipped it around and gone, you know, the Congress won't even have a vote.
Why are you doing that to the family?
And it's so transparent.
I mean, I watch the public and they are just so timid and weak.
I even see like big tough guys, you know, I'll sit there and watch people in public
and they're even insecure.
People think about them.
I mean, you guys aren't like that, I guess, because you're in the media and have gotten
over it or whatever.
I guess I got over it.
But it's just everybody's so pathetic.
I mean, it's like, it's so obvious, a bunch of slime is using these dead kids and probably
ran the whole thing.
And the magnitude of the people that have died and these other issues like you're talking
about the Fast and Furious and other places, even Obama's drone strikes.
I mean, we point out the hypocrisy of all of this to, yes, it's terrible that these
children have died.
But to take these 20 children, why are their lives so much more special that we talk about
that for months and months and months and overturn our Constitution and ignore these
other children who have died orders of magnitude.
It's a giant psych warfare operation and it's backfiring.
I can look at it politically, but also in my gut tell they're freaked out and they're
going to do some more shootings.
That's the big problem.
They could stage one any day now and they've got all sorts of mental patients wound up
right now with the guns trying to get them to go into school.
And they keep saying the kids, the kids, and remember last year the big Kony 2012 deal,
we got to go in Africa and save the kids from this guy who's probably been dead for ten
plus years.
Now hadn't been seen for seven, yeah.
Yeah, and then I think it was last week, the week before, they had the kids for the Free
Syrian Army running around with the AK-47 throwing dynamite around and nobody seemed
to care about that.
No, no, it's like they're trying to give everybody multiple personalities.
You have a personality that cares about violence and bad things, but they trigger it when they
want.
But then your other personality laughs at it.
It's like, hey, we killed a million Iraqis over the last 15 years, it's terrible.
I'm like, shut up, traitor.
Well, you know, part of it might be that if you kill 500,000 kids in Iraq with your sanctions
and you say it's worth it like Madeleine Albright did, people can't get their head around that.
But if you get them 26 kids and you show the parents and you show the faces and you do
it over and over and over again, now that's a tragedy.
You made me just think you ought to do a stand up deal for the news tonight where you point
out her, who was it, on NBC going, I think it was worth it for 500,000 dead kids.
And she's admired.
When Brzezinski Brzezinski goes up on stage, he's a rock star because he's killed so many
people.
But what they admire is he did it by funding other groups.
He brags in his books, I couldn't kill 30% of the Cambodians, but I funded the groups
to get it done.
And they're like, oh, that's really slick.
Cuz to them it's like English in pool or something, it's like, ooh, and they admire, oh, you're
so manly.
It's like Richard Pearl, known as the Prince of Darkness one time, it was in the New York
Times.
But they were saying how cool it was.
He walked up to a bunch of women, good looking women at a party, and the guy weighs like
400 pounds, giant black circles around his eyes, I mean, I do too.
But the point is, he walks up and goes, I order strikes, I kill people.
And even these evil women swans into an order were turned off by the fact, it's not cool
to go, I kill people.
And that guy couldn't kill anybody with his bare hands if his life depended on it.
I mean, it's just a big fat wimp thinking killing people's cool.
And then we got his Republican counterpart, Kissinger, right?
The counterpart to Brzezinski.
And WikiLeaks had a document leaked this week that said, the illegal we do immediately,
the unconstitutional takes a little longer.
That's why they're dragging this thing out.
They know it's unconstitutional, and it is, it's registered.
And plus, when they change the original laws, it wrecks societies.
I mean, we're gonna become like Mexico or North Korea very quickly.
They get rid of this, nothing's gonna work anymore.
Yeah, I don't think they realize that, though.
I mean, you got so many people there, they're going off emotion instead of common sense.
Well, sure, the grassroots morons don't, but the technocrats do.
They're all getting offshore islands with private security details.
I mean, this is how you destroy civilization.
Tyrants destroy civilization.
Rome fell from within.
And it's just they have no vision, even if, and these people are out of control.
Alex in Illinois, last caller we have, Tom Ford, apologize to the loaded phones.
Alex, you're on the air, take us out.
You can hear me?
Yes, sir.
Okay, hello, Mr. Jones and friends, this is Alex from Shirec.
Transform and roll out, sorry.
I spoke to you regarding the bottom of the rabbit hole, and you gave a very eloquent,
passionate response.
Yeah, that's on Prison Planet.
You don't see it again.
Yeah, I saw that under the ranch, but I think the rabbit hole is akin to the abyss.
When you look at the bottom of the abyss or the rabbit hole, you see yourself reflected.
And with the modernized genocide of the individual and the motives behind these banksters and
New World Order members, I think we must look to the problems within to solve the problems
outside.
Primarily, when is enough enough?
Is it ever going to be enough?
And what sins of human beings are causing this rot in the apple?
You're a great caller.
Listen to this, stand your ground, don't fire unless fired upon.
But if they mean to have a war, let it begin here.
And that was the militia captain, John Parker at Lexington Green on April 19th, 1776.
Was it 1775?
The point is, I'm going from memory there, cuz I can't see the quote up on Infowars.com.
We have that front page image of the Oathkeeper, they were trying to block his sign.
And there he is, and that's why they were so freaked out by it.
Stand your ground, don't fire unless fired upon.
But they're already firing in our water, our vaccines, our food.
The war has already begun, to quote Patrick Henry.
It's an Infowar, they want to make it physical cuz they're losing this one.
Join us tonight, 7 o'clock Central, get your friends and family to watch 7 o'clock Central
Infowars Nightly News.
