Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
It is 11 a.m. Central Standard Time on the 16th day of April 2013. I am your host, Alex
Jones, and we are going to be live here for the next 10, 11 hours or so. And again, in
the future, we're going to have even more reporters and crew. We'll be able to easily
go 24 hours straight or longer. But this is the big official foundation of our entire
media operation to awaken humanity to the globalist peril. This is the big radio show.
We also simulcast video at infowars.com, and of course, prisonplanet.tv. Bottom line, you
know that I've been saying there'll be false flag, IED, improvised explosive device attacks
all over the country.
Because I know the scripting. And the globalist always trained police and others for the narrative
they're going to carry out, whether it's staged events, provocateur, or organic, which are
very rare. These terror attacks are rare, period. The system will use this to roll out
TSA in the malls on the streets of America, and basically a ratcheting up of the overall
martial law type atmosphere.
Before I went live, Obama spoke. We're gonna find that clip. It was about 30 minutes ago.
And I watched his press conference. It's Obama's new press conference. It's up at the White
House.gov. He was wearing a really ugly black and white speckled tie, people that want to
be able to find which one of the fear mongering press conferences it was.
And he says, listen, I'm telling you it's terror. Like, oh, now it's terror, cuz the
president said, you go outside, it's a blue sky. I don't know if it's daytime. You go
turn on the press conference. The president says it's daytime. It's daytime. Or if it's
nighttime, you've got to tune into the president, the president's like, it is nighttime in the
Eastern time zone.
You go out and go, okay, it's nighttime. Obviously, this is terrorism. Bombs at a world famous
sporting event, killing people. That is an act of terrorism, an act of terrorism. I heard
some talk shows last night going, well, only if it was a political group. No, terrorism
is an individual group, corporation, it doesn't matter.
Doing something to scare a population into something political or military or financial
you want, or it can be if you're just insane. And I'd say there's maybe one chance out of
100, conservatively, that this is some lone nut. Now, I came out, as this was announced
with Richard Belzer, within two minutes of it happening, our phone system filled up with
people saying that they'd seen this show.
We were one of the first to report it, right as it was only tweeted by the Boston Globe.
And I said, look, it's Patriot's Day. They're probably gonna blame this on right wing groups
or Muslims. But notice how now they're saying right wing and Al-Qaeda, it just goes together.
Regardless now, is it right wingers? There's only one thing as bad, Al-Qaeda.
So we have seen all of that basically pushed in everyone's face, and so they're mixing
and conflating the two. And within ten minutes, Salon Mediaite, The Blaze, Glenn Beck came
out and said, how dare. So the George Soros groups and then Glenn Beck came out and said,
how dare you say this could be staged and it'll be blamed on the Tea Party.
Now within an hour, and I'm not exaggerating, I have ten different clips. We're not gonna
play them all. I'm sure you've seen them. We'll play some. Where they said, the number
one suspect is right wingers. The White House has come out and said that. Axelrod, Obama
thinks bombings could be related to Tax Day. The Young Turks, same deal, MSNBC, CNN, right
wing extremists, CNN to blame for explosions. And then here's The Blaze, Boston Marathon
explosions already being blamed on the right. They were simultaneously attacking us for
saying that while they were saying it too. I'm just tired of it. It's bad enough dealing
with the globalists, but we're gonna break it all down. Here's London Independence saying
it's right wing grip. Stay with us.
In the last two years alone, the US has seen huge losses to our food supply. In 2011, storms
and floods raged across the US, costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone. In 2012, we
saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years. You may think out of sight,
out of mind, and so you don't think you will be affected. The fact is you are. We all are.
Food shortages drive prices up for everyone. You might not be able to control mother nature,
but you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply
with E Foods Direct. Be prepared before you need it with nutrient dense food you can store
for up to 25 years. You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you. Do what I've done
and get your own supply of the best durable foods out there from E Foods Direct. Call
800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex and check out their spring
specials. Again, that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward
slash Alex. You can bet your life on E Foods Direct. Devastating events like earthquakes,
tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial law have highlighted the need for
Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold
and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency. Supernatural
Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria, viruses, moles
and fungus and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally or used topically, it can
help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver has over 500 different
uses and a long term shelf life, making it the number one choice of preppers across the
country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to
SupernaturalSilver.com. Use the promo code prepared for 20% off your entire order and
like us on Facebook. If you want an American company with American products made by Americans,
here is the Cal-Bend Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products
for years. These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut
oils that are earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091
for a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice
as good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
We are on the march. The empire is on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN radio network.
Ladies and gentlemen, while we are busy analyzing what really happened at the mystery false
flag, while we're busy watching the White House surrogates come out and say, oh, it's
a right wing tea party person. That was very predictable. I was attacked just minutes after
it happened by known White House front groups like Salon and others. And of course, media
matters and the which isn't actually run by the White House for saying, hey, they're going
to blame it on the tea party.
And then minutes later, they did in those very publications. I mean, this is the magnitude
of I say, watch, they're going to blame us or they're going to try to. And then they
go, look, you're a crazy conspiracy theorist. But yes, we are going to try to blame you.
But you're wrong because you're right. And you're crazy because you're right. It'd be
like if I was sitting there fishing in a rowboat and there was a bridge over it and I saw
a sports car fly off the road at 100 miles an hour off the bridge.
And I said to myself, hey, that's going to crash into the side of the bank or into the
water. And if I looked at somebody in those few seconds and they said, you're a conspiracy
theorist as the car is dukes of hazarding out over the river. Hey, that thing's going
to crash.
Oh, you're a conspiracy theorist. You see, none of us are allowed to be involved in the
narrative. None of us are allowed to speculate, ask questions like, gee, it's Patriots Day
in Boston. Gee, do you think they're going to try to blame a right wing group? They're
only putting out Southern Poverty Law Center and ADL memos last month saying domestic terror
attacks are imminent.
We warned you right before the Oklahoma City bombing. We warned Bill Clinton. And now we're
warning you, Obama, the attacks are imminent. You can look that up. And you've got all these
dramas and sitcoms and movies with propaganda placement saying the Tea Party is going to
bomb people at public events and they're the new enemy, not Al-Qaeda. And then you have
this happen where the country started, where the Revolutionary War, where 1776 started
in 1775, Lexington, Concord, Boston.
Patriots Day, April 15th in Boston, the real Patriots Day is the 19th. Stuart Rhodes is
on his way there, driving right now. He's going to be joining us later in the broadcast
of Oath Keepers. And he's like, yeah, false flag all over it. A constitutional lawyer,
army paratrooper, head of Oath Keepers.
And look, they may change the script. When their stuff doesn't go well, like the Olympic
Park bombing, they'll try to frame a patsy like Richard Jewell. I mean, the World Trade
Center was bombed by the FBI in 1993. The New York Times reported they cooked the bomb,
banned the drivers, found guys with 75, one out of 75 wanted an 80 IQ that were both on
welfare and their test scores got released.
I mean, they were literally mentally retarded Muslims who then the FBI informed, it's like,
you're going to give them real bombs now? And then he figured out they were going to
set him up. So he recorded them saying, go ahead with the bombing. And that's the only
reason that Ahmad Salam got paid off $1.4 million and went back to Egypt.
He was an Egyptian CIA guy, or their CIA. And he figured out, he gave a press conference
with his lawyer the day after. He goes, and I figured out they were setting me up. I'm
not stupid. They promised you build a fake bomb, now build a real one. Fake detonators,
no, now real detonators.
Now load the truck. No, I don't want to load the truck. Well, you've got to. Well, now
just let them drive it and we're going to stop them. And the day before he starts recording
them because he was not stupid. He's like, my gosh, they're going to set me up. They
did set McVeigh up two years later. And that's a little lesson for you, folks. Don't take
part in a drill. 7-7, they set up local mainline liberal Muslims who were school teachers and
stuff to be part of a terror drill.
One of them figured it out. The police killed him at Canary Wharf. That was in the back
of the paper. They bombed the same trains, the same bus at the exact same time and even
reported, we're going to play this later, on ITN and BBC. The head advisor consultancy
hit it in plain view, Peter Power, formerly the head of Scotland Yard PR, public relations,
that they ran a drill with the Metro and with the Metro police in Scotland Yard of bombing
the exact two trains and exact bus at the exact same time.
Wait, it gets better at the exact same location. We had an insurance actuary done on that.
It was in the, I think it was 23 plus Tractagillians. That's billions of times more than all the
grains of sand estimated in the world. And then they hit it in plain view, which is something
they always do. Now, why do they always run a drill? Madrid stage bombing, it came out
in their Spanish papers.
The president had to resign on 333, 2003, had to resign when it came out that the intelligence
agencies and the Madrid police did the bombing. And then they ended up blowing up a house
full of the patsies. Putin's been caught in 99 planting bombs in a fourth building. When
they got caught, the FSB, Federal Security Bureau, by local Moscow police, I remember
Moscow, they said, it's part of a drill, let us out of jail.
You run the drill on 77, you run the drills declassified on 9-11 of the exact same buildings,
the Pentagon and World Trade Centers attacked by hijacked jets. And that's why NORAD tapes
got released and they go, is this real world or part of the exercise? Again, ladies and
gentlemen, this is how criminal elements do this.
And that's why when you know this and watch this, you've seen it over and over again.
And now what came out, which they're freaking out about and having their surrogates come
out and demonize. No one in mainstream media is covering this, but DrudgeReport.com. And
that's not even really mainstream media, Drudge has a link to this story that is in local
news.
When I say mainstream nationals not covering it, local 15 TV out of Boston. We're gonna
get to this in a little while, the video of it, document cam please. UM coach, bomb sniffing
dogs, spotters on roofs before explosions. Well, now they're not calling them police
spotters, go to Drudge. And now it's the mysterious manhunt for the mysterious man in the hoodie.
There were cops all over the roofs in hoodies. We've got the video, we've got the photos.
Now people try to spin that and they say, well, you know what's happening here. They
always have bomb sniffing dogs now at all these events. Aren't you glad they're keeping
us safe?
Ladies and gentlemen, let's go further. Ali Stevenson, the marathon coach, University
of Mobile's cross country coach, who was near the finish line of the Boston Marathon when
a series of explosions went off, said he thought it was odd there were bomb sniffing dogs that
start in the finish lines.
They kept making announcements to the participants, don't worry, it's just a training exercise.
Now, our own Dan Badandi, said Ali Stevenson, on Local 15. That is nowhere in the national
news unless it's the alternative news of infoawars.com, prisonplanet.com, prisonplanet.tv, and drudgereport.com.
And I did tune in last night to the guest that's joining us, Doug Hagman of the Northeast
Intelligence Network, who was on Monday saying staged attacks to be blamed on patriots are
imminent.
And Obama is doubling down, according to his federal source, who I was able to talk to
yesterday. In the morning before this happened, he said, get ready. They're looking to blame
something on the patriots or the Muslims, probably the Muslims. And he said, that's
all I can tell you. I need to call that guy back. The point is, is that imminent is the
word.
Well, it was imminent. And that's why I came on air yesterday, three hours before it happened,
and I said, we've all got to unify as the Liberty Movement. If you support the Bill
of Rights and Constitution, transcend liberal conservative, we've got to understand if there
are attacks, giving our rights up won't protect us.
I can feel it in my bones, attacks are imminent. And I said, they'll wanna have the shot heard
around the world. They'll wanna pull the trigger cuz whoever shoots first loses, but blame
it on us. I said that three times during the show yesterday. Don't even have the crew to
go pull it.
I just remember it cuz I said it over and over again. And isn't it funny where the shot
heard round the world happened in Boston in the very same few days. And I'm telling you,
this is epic what we're seeing happen. Now, when their first story fell apart of the Olympic
Park bombing, they went and set up a patsy.
They set up three people for the anthrax attack. Turned out it was super US weapons grade Fort
Dietrich, Maryland. The third patsy they grabbed, they took to a hospital, a doctor
drugged him and killed him. It was a line in the back of the local paper that while
in a straitjacket, he was fed prescription Tylenol till he died, okay?
So I would say 99% of people in the military and the police and the bomb squads are not
terrorists, okay? But there isn't really any terrorism or any bomb stuff going on. And
usually it's a crazy firefighter or a crazy cop that does it. I mean, look at how many
criminology cases, it's someone on the bomb squad, 10 years of never having a real bomb
and blowing up shopping bags that blow out of trucks on the side of the highway, they'll
go plant a bomb.
And it's always back of the paper. So criminology wise, that's who you look at. And still, it's
a very small minority of them that do it. But statistically, it's a much larger minority
than the public. But if you look at all of these events, that's the main suspects. And
for people to go, how dare Alex Jones, like Media Matters, Salon, Mediaite, Glenn Beck,
God bless him.
All of them coming out attacking me for saying, A, they're gonna blame the Tea Party or try,
which then happened exactly as I said. I mean, it's a no brainer. It's like, if I stick my
hand in a red hot fire, I'm gonna get burned. I mean, it's like, okay, there's been an attack
on Patriots Day. It looks staged. Preliminary stuff, there were drills, that's now been
confirmed.
Okay, bomb sipping dogs everywhere. This, okay, they're having a drill, looks like a
false flag. I mean, you have groups that have done this over and over again that are saying
it's going to happen with every TV show drama sitcom at a crescendo that the right wingers
are gonna bomb everybody.
They had a family guy that aired two weeks ago, where the dad, who's a Tea Party guy,
joins the Taliban. Again, that oxymoron, but they're still pushing it until people believe
it. West Point says it, Army to crush Tea Party rebellion, Forbes, AP, Reuters. You're
like, that doesn't make sense. Now, it will make sense. Family guy has him at a subconscious
level.
It's almost subliminal. We're gonna play this coming up. It's up at Infowars.com. Bombing,
the Boston Marathon, at the finish line with two bombs, with a cell phone detonator.
That's 866-229-0927. That's 866-229-0927. Or discover more emergency preparedness items
when you order at mypatriotsupply.com. Choose the original. Choose the survival seed vault
at mypatriotsupply.com.
In the last two years alone, the US has seen huge losses to our food supply. In 2011, storms
and floods raged across the US, costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone. In 2012, we
saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years. You may think out of sight,
out of mind, and so you don't think you will be affected. The fact is you are. We all are.
Food shortages drive prices up for everyone. You might not be able to control mother nature,
but you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply
with e Foods Direct. Be prepared before you need it. With nutrient-dense food you can
store for up to 25 years. You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you. Do what
I've done and get your own supply of the best, durable foods out there from e Foods Direct.
Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex and
check out their spring specials. Again, that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at efoodsdirect.com
forward slash Alex. You can bet your life on e Foods Direct.
hempusa.org has a revolutionary wonder food for detoxing the body and rebuilding the immune
system. Micro plant powder can help unclog arteries and soften heart valves while removing
heavy metals, virus, fungus, bacteria, and parasites. Plus it cleans and purifies the
blood, lungs, stomach, and colon. Keep your body clean with micro plant powder. Order
today at 888-910-4367 or visit hempusa.org. Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered
why banks, stock workers, investment advisors want to talk about gold IRAs? They've been
available since 1986, yet the financial industry won't recognize the value of gold for your
retirement. Gold is outperformed paper investments, yet no word about IRAs. If you would like
to have gold for your retirement, call 800-686-2237. Don't get left behind by rising inflation
and low returns, call 800-686-2237. Secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
In the U.S., one in every 50 homes will have a break in this year. Burglars call it smash
and grab. Police call it robbery. We call it avoidable. We are Fake TV, a simple electronic
device that can fool even professional burglars. Fake TV easily plugs into any outlet and simulates
the changing colors of a television. To a burglar, it looks like someone must be home
watching TV, so they'll likely move on to an easier target. At only $29.95, Fake TV
costs less than a month of most alarm monitoring plans and comes with free shipping. Order
your Fake TV by calling 877-5-FAKETV or go to faketv.com. That's 877-532-5388 or faketv.com.
Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
And the sun is gonna burn into a cinder. Before we ever pass this wave of gas. And we're gonna
ride. And we're gonna ride. Yeah, Willie Nelson is 80 years old this week. Got a chance to
hang out with him a few weeks ago. All right, getting back to what I was breaking down here.
You can bet that they're now announcing the new security measures, TSA, troops on the
streets, checkpoints, you're all suspects. And they're all America's gonna be strong
and united in the face of this.
And Obama's approval rating is already going up. And he's up there saying, we face down
the terror together and he's the father figure. He's the guy protecting us as the big daddy.
And this will be used to across the board, take our basic liberties and our freedoms.
And during the break, I was watching CNN just breathlessly. And we've got victims and let's
cut to this senator and the senator's all smiling. It's all about the government cult
getting to have everybody tune into them. Cuz the only time dinosaur media gets viewers
or attention now is when there's a big event.
And so they're all a bunch of narcissists up there and spreading the fear. But don't
worry, we'll bring you a third world police state to keep you safe. And while we are distracted,
while we are diverted by all of this, they are racing through the Senate now with the
gun registration and psychological gun confiscation program that basically overthrows much of
the Second Amendment.
They're racing through with total open border legalization. And where Homeland Security
has its own discretion whether to control the border at any level, which they've already
opened up and are doing blanket fiat amnesty anyways. I mean, that's all on record. So
we've got that going on. All of this is unfolding right now, right as they're trying to pass
their whole globalist North American Union agenda.
Right as they're trying to get warrantless wiretapping codified into law. Right as they're
trying to expand all this, just like 9-11 was used to ran through the Patriot Act and
all the rest of it. And when 9-11 wasn't enough to get rid of the Bill of Rights and Constitution,
then there was the anthrax attack that somebody could have made in a bathtub in their basement.
Turned out the most weaponized US government version ever. And they finally killed the
third Patsy to shut them up. And ladies and gentlemen, I'm gonna get to this later in
the hour.
But if you go up to info wars.com, you can see all of these different videos, all these
different interviews we're gonna cover during the next segment. Where you've got eye witnesses
openly reporting the fact that they were told it was a drill. Never mind, don't mind what
was happening right around the area right before the bomb went off.
And there's two ways to look at that. You can say they were right on it trying to stop
it. They had Intel and they tried to save us. Of course, they pulled back right before
the bombing happened. Or you can look at it as they were there using the drill as the
cover in case some other agency or group stopped them.
Which is what they use the NSA for, is to make sure they're false flags, other things
don't get caught. And now that our own Dan Badandi in two different press conferences
with the police chief, the mayor and the governor. Our own East Coast reporter Dan Badandi made
national news just asking real questions about hey, now there's the Huffington Post.
Boston Marathon bombing brings out conspiracy theories. That means people that are willing
to go, hey, there was a drill. And the police say no, there wasn't a drill. The police chief
says there was no drill. The governor says there was no drill.
And then Badandi goes up to the police after the press conference and says, was there a
drill? And they say no, no drill. So they're telling witnesses, there's a whole bunch of
witnesses in local news. National news isn't picking it up unless they say it's a conspiracy
theory.
They just pointed us and go, look at these weirdos bringing this up. When we were there,
Badandi was there with the Boston Globe going, they say there was a drill. And other witnesses
on News 15 are saying there's a drill. What were the drills for? And they're like, nope,
nope, that didn't happen. It's just like with Dorner. We're gonna burn this down, burn that
mother effer down. Bring fire, we've got the fire. Place the fire, the fire is lit. The
building is burning down. Good job, it's burned down. We killed that mother.
They're like, hey, conspiracy theorists, that doesn't mean what you think it said. Burn
that mother effer down doesn't mean burn that mother effer down. And now we're like, hey,
what were the drills? That's what any real journalist would ask. What happened? They're
like, no, no, there was no drills. There was no drill. So see, they're covering up. Folks,
they're as guilty as a pig and you know what? Okay, they are as guilty as a pig and you
know what? We'll be right back. We're on the march. The Empire's on the run.
Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers. The prognosis for the entire planetary
economic system runs from bad to worse. The globalist model is to shut down societies
and starve patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover. That's why we've assembled
the most vital and important preparedness items at Infowarsshop.com. These are items
that I did research on that I personally use. We've got the LifeStraw so you can turn fetid
water into safe water anywhere you go. The Ktor hand crank generator to charge up key
equipment during power outages or out in the field. Strategic Relocation, third edition
by Joel Skousen. When disaster strikes by Matthew Stein. TheraSafe used by Homeland
Security to protect yourself during any radiological event. Hand crank shortwave AM-FM radios.
Everything that we've researched and found to be the best is available at Infowarsshop.com
and your purchase makes our Infowar possible. We're getting prepared. Are you? Infowarsshop.com.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're
sleeping or away from home who's watching out for intruders? Check out Simply Safe.
It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to GetSimplySafe.com.
Simply Safe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power so even if the grid
goes down you're protected. It's completely customizable so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed. GetSimplySafe.com. Simply Safe is also ridiculously
easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes so there's no need to let a stranger into
your home. If you move or need to relocate you can take the system with you wherever
you go. You aren't always at home but Simply Safe will stand guard protecting your property
24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com.
Introducing Pro 1. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code WATER. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro 1 filters today at Infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
My friends, we're going to open the phones up in the second hour and then we've got
Joel Skalzen popping in, we've got Doug Hagman coming on and we've got the head of
Oathkeeper Stuart Rhodes who's on his way to Boston for the April 19th commemorations
there with Oathkeepers. We're going to be getting to all of that today with those guests
popping in and in fact I'll open the phones up now and get to some of them by the next
segment if I'm able to get to all these clips.
I want to get your take on what you're witnessing. You know, let me do this. I want to hear from
police. Police who've heard me on the air say they'd have these type of events and
blame it on Patriot groups and even if they end up going with a Middle Eastern group,
because there's a low probability it could be a real terror group from the Middle East,
that some of that does happen.
Usually it's provocateur, allowed to happen, sometimes staged. We know they're going to
use the crisis to take our liberties. But it could be that. But the media certainly
has tried to go with nine out of ten times, I mean I've been immersed in it, I know you
have been as well, all the channels, all the news, that it's a Tea Party patriot on tax
day that did this.
We're going to play some clips of that in a moment. Now, did Salon, Media Matters, all
these other White House connected groups, did they come out and go, wow, Alex Jones
is right. No, they said I was wrong to say we'd be blamed, but went on to blame us. And
again, that's called Jim Jones level cultism by these authoritarians that like to basically
pose as liberals.
Now Rush Limbaugh came out, it turns out, and said that they'd probably blame us after
he went off air yesterday. Michael Savage talked about it, others did. One guy came
out and immediately said I was wrong, and that was Glenn Beck. While having articles,
we're going to show this to TV viewers, I'm going to mention the headlines to radio listeners,
saying they're going to blame the right wing, but I was bad to say it though.
No, no, I was bad to say it first. You see, I was supposed to sit there all cowardly,
and I'm not supposed to speculate. I'm supposed to wait till the known lying federal government
who ran fast and furious and other false flags they've been caught doing that killed thousands
of people. You don't see them personalizing each one of those dead, like they're doing
these dead.
I mean, they are just using this, and that's how you know when they're ready, when they
script it, the way the whole thing's scripted, the crescendo of media coverage. And then
you've got a drill from the start to the finish. And I forgot, Rob Doo's brother-in-law, who
he argues with on a weekly basis about the New World Order and stuff, who is in military
intelligence, pretty high level.
He's married to the guy's sister. He runs for the team army. He was in the official
team army marathon truck that sometimes wins. I mean, Doo's been on vacation with him. He
gets up at 3 AM, runs 20 miles, and is back in the early afternoon ready for lunch. And
the point is, is that what he heard from his wives who talked to him was, yeah, it's weird.
I'm going to the hospital now. They pulled me out and said I was showing signs of dehydration
right before the end of the marathon.
Oh, let's get team army. By the way, we're gonna find out cuz now they won't talk to
us. I'm sure the word went out. I should have waited later. I just got in the heat of the
moment. It was like blabbing about it on air. I should have before they figured it out and
cut it down. If he never talks to Rob again, Rob Doo, we'll really know the fix was in.
But if they pulled more members of team army, cuz it was a whole, quote, large truck of
army runners.
You've seen on the news, wearing the army shirt. Hey, we're the army. We win the marathon.
And it's just bizarre, absolutely bizarre small world. Because Rob Doo was also part
time in a band that Joe Stack was in, who reportedly flew his plane to the IRS building
in Austin.
That's why the footage we released ended up being on the national news of Joe Stack playing
the guitar. And he was not even into Patriot right wing stuff. When Doo knew him a decade
ago, he was just a real quiet guy, a really good guitar player who never talked, didn't
talk very much.
Always showed up on time, always did a great job. And IRS took his house, ruined his life.
Joe Stack might have been a real deal. I mean, you never know. And that's why there are some
real deals. I mean, there is a chance, and I said this yesterday, that this could be
a real deal.
But you look at the media buildup, you look at the timing, you look at the demonization.
The news saying right wingers will attack sports stadiums and malls and mass shootings
and bombings and police. There will be improvised explosive devices. Ex-military will bomb every
department in America. They've been saying that for four years. We're like, that's ridiculous,
unless they know something's gonna happen.
If somebody kept saying, somebody's gonna burn down the church, and everybody's in the
church of like 200, these have been real cases. Well, why do you keep saying that, Bob? I
don't know, somebody's gonna burn it down, we should have insurance. Then the church
burns down the next week.
Who's the first person the cops go and talk to? Bob, who said somebody might burn down
the church? I mean, this is 101 criminology that you've got the White House going. Right
winger libertarians, anti-Obama, pro-gun people are gonna blow stuff up any minute.
Get ready, they're gonna hurt our children. They're the new terror threat, bigger threat
than Al-Qaeda, who the government's giving Libya and Syria, and heat-seeking missiles
in Benghazi. I mean, this is no-brainer stuff, ladies and gentlemen, no-brainer.
So here's the number for police. I wanna get your take on this, 800, police only, or military,
who are currently active duty. 800-259-9231, 1-800-259-9231. But as God is my witness,
dude turned white. We were in the war room in there, and he goes, he's talking to his
wife.
We talked to her brother, who's in army intelligence, who dude has arguments with. He's like an
idiot. And he goes, my God, my brother-in-law was running the marathon and was there at
the end when the bombing happened, but they pulled him out right before. And I go, you
gotta come on here right now.
So literally, the break-ins from a video we were playing, I walk him in and I go, your
brother was running security with the 400 troops? He goes, no, no, no, he was running
it. And then you heard the story, I mean, that was like, he hung the phone up, turned
white, said I can't handle this anymore. Walks in here, on air, and I mean, this is like
a movie, folks. This is like a movie, what's going on?
And then of course, there's a drill, and then we send Dan Badandi to two different press
conferences to ask about drills. And they say there are no drills, there is nothing
happening. And then we're conspiracy theorists for saying it, when it's in two local newspapers,
Boston Globe, one other here in my stack, and local 15 TV. What is that, an NBC affiliate?
And we're gonna play that clip for you, the full newscast is up on infoawards.com, it's
also up on drudgereport.com. But do you understand the frustration of this? I mean, I study,
this is what I do.
I'm a leading expert, they've had university books written in England and the United States,
they have university classes on what I cover. I'm not bragging, no one else seems to study
this except the people that are doing it. And I sit here like a private detective, watching
this, studying this, interviewing former Italian presidents, and number three in the Japanese
government and former European Union officials, the former German defense minister, Andres
von Bulow, I'm gonna get him back on, wrote the book, CIA Stage 9-11.
And he was in the meetings, I mean, he's high level, it's a fact they were involved. I mean,
I'm fully immersed in this, okay? And sure, when you're a hammer, everything looks like
a nail. But I don't go with that mindset, I'm actually looking at this, hoping this,
I'm sad it happened, but hoping it's a real grassroots deal.
Because then it's not the government doing it, because that's 100 times worse, folks.
We try to prove that it's an organic operation, Joe Stack, 60% chance he probably did it.
Because they just ruined his life, took everything he had. And he just flipped out and said,
you're getting nothing, I'm burning down the house and I'm coming after you.
Now there was a lot of bizarre Defense Department connections to where he had his plane and
stuff. But look, all I know is they use this to get our liberties. So there was a drill
from start to finish, and they don't wanna talk about it, and they're calling it a conspiracy
theory. Just like they said, the first day they ignored it, I mean, we're there watching
it.
As they start surrounding him, I shoot a YouTube video, upload it, timestamped, and say they're
gonna probably burn him down, that standard operating procedure. An hour later, they burn
him down, then the audio all gets recorded of six different groups saying we're gonna
burn him down. And then they say, you're a conspiracy theorist, how dare you, Alex Jones?
They said that, but it doesn't mean that. Some media said they just didn't say that,
talking to you like you're stupid, 800-259-9231. We're gonna go to phone calls after I play
these clips.
But let's first go to Dan Badandi, there's two different press conferences, in the evening
and then late at night. This became national news, they shut the press conference down
with the governor when he got the first question in and wouldn't shut up about false flags.
And he says, no, there was no false flag. And the other press conference, he says, were
their drills. What was happening with the exercise? And they just said, we had no prior
knowledge, there was no exercise. So there was an exercise, that's in the Boston Globe,
that's in the other local paper, and it's in News 15, but buried.
And there's witnesses all over the place. And Rob Dues, brother-in-law, they come up
and go, you need to go to the hospital. And he's like, why? Well, we just think you're
sick. They let you urinate on yourself, vomit, crawl across the finish line, but they pull
him out. And then minutes later, there's a bombing, at the finish line, okay?
And there's 400 troops there, the image of troops and the wreckage were being acclimated
to all this. And now they're saying, troops are gonna be everywhere. And I've always told
you, don't be part of drills, cuz most of the time it isn't a staged attack. But when
there is an attack, it's a drill, it's always a drill.
Because when they get caught with the bombs, this happened before, they always say in Gladio,
the Russians have been caught, NATO's been caught, they say, I'm part of a drill. Cuz
99% of the police aren't part of it. It was a drill on 7-7, where they told the young
Muslims, be part of a drill for the UK, you're good liberal school teacher Muslims.
And they blew them up, folks, on the train and on the bus. And one guy figured it out
and was running, and they executed him in Canary Wharf. And then that was taken out
of the newspaper with a D notice, a federal emergency notice had that removed. Witnesses
saw them, they gunned down several guys, chased them down and gunned them down right there
in front of the tourist district, because they figured out what happened.
And I'm telling you, do not be part of a drill. If you're police, if you're military, they're
getting ready to say military or terrorist. All they do is tell military, intelligence
has been sheep-dipped into domestic operations. Hey, you're now gonna go be part of this drill,
carry this and simulate being a terrorist.
And most of the time they're not gonna do it, but let me tell you, one out of 100 drills
or so, they're gonna blow it up. Or they're gonna tell you, leave it and then you're gonna
get arrested. You're gonna get drugged up, you're gonna get tortured, you're gonna get
electroshock therapy until you go before the military tribunal and say that you bombed
the Cirrus Tower, or you bombed the mall, or you bombed the school.
I'm gonna tell you, it's just like Arlington Road, the professor's trying to stop it and
they trick him to be on the news and then run into the parking garage when it goes off.
I mean, they're telling you how they do it right there, okay? I'm getting chills. And
I told you this was gonna happen yesterday before it happened.
Let's go to Dan Badandi at one of the press conferences. This is confronting the governor,
here it is.
Any questions?
Well, sir, I don't know why you speak as common people when you are just a big con when you
speak on a common law. Is this another false five-stage attack to take our civil liberties
for all of our security? I was taking a hand down on a sketch on the street.
No. Next question.
You have said that there's no stopping?
Good morning. The medical people are compiling that as we speak.
When we speak as common people, did y'all be characterized as an act of terrorism?
It's gentle, we disagree.
Main point of focus, right?
Okay, I don't think you're talking about speaking as common people to be conned before
the time when I'm talking about the attention I put to your search for additional devices
or you're searching the entire-
The investigation is in the area that the governor mentioned.
We're actually working very closely with the families right now. We're going through those
right now.
And that was the initial video we got off Fox News. I, actually, driving home last night
heard local news playing clips of the press conference. It was crystal clear. And Badandi
was there with his mic flagged, Infowars, up on the podium. As soon as he can get that
uploaded to YouTube, we'll have better quality for you.
But that totally flipped out the media, and it's called conspiracy theory. Now, here's
Badandi earlier talking to the governor and commissioner as well, asking about the bombing
and drills. Here's that clip.
Hey, guys. Leanne McAdoo here at the Austin, Texas, Infowars News Center. Our East Coast
reporter, Dan Badandi, is on the scene, and he was able to get in this question at the
news conference.
We are looking at all of that right now. That's one of the investigative steps that we have
taken.
Well, you're on the plane. I don't have a customer that sustains. They said they were
doing drills this morning for the same exact thing that happened on the force of wolves.com.
Now, will you guys give them any more ahead of time of this taking place?
As I said earlier, there was no specific intelligence on the plane.
We certainly increased posture around a big event like this. All of those things happened
in preparation for this event, but there was no specific intelligence that anything was
going to happen.
Now we've got that story-
All right.
On our-
All right, that's good. The full clip's up on Infowars.com right now. And again, Badandi
was able to talk to police again, and they said, no, no drills, no nothing. But you noticed
there was no specific intelligence. Oh, really? You didn't know that satchel the guy's placed
had real explosives in it?
You didn't know that? So we're going to be going over all of this now. Now, here's the
coach. This is the shorter clip. The full clip's up on Infowars.com. DrudgeReport.com
also has it, UM coach, bomb sniffing dogs, spotters on roofs before explosions.
And then in the very area, they kept making announcements to the participants, do not
worry. It's just a training exercise, kind of like 9-11. Stay at your desk, everything's
fine. Or 7C, just over and over again, the Aurora shooting. It's fine, it's just a drill.
Let's go ahead and now go to that clip.
At the start line this morning, they had bomb spotters on the roof of the building, and
they had bomb sniffing dogs coming up and down at the start line. And Melanie said there
were bomb sniffing dogs at the finish line, but they kept making announcements saying
to the participants, do not worry. This is just a training exercise. Well, evidently,
I don't believe they were just having a training exercise. I think they must have known they
must have had some kind of threat or suspicion called in.
No kidding. And again, they're lying about that. That is undoubted. And again, we're breaking
the real news. We're forcing the real issues out in the open. We're engaged in real journalism.
So I salute Dan Badandi. At both press conferences, he got the first questions down and they just
shut the press conferences down. I mean, they were gonna grandstand for an hour, you know
they were.
And the press still had more questions. But Badandi was there going, you were running
a drill, you were running a drill. Boston Globe, you were running a drill, you were
running a drill. And the governor looked like he was about to have a heart attack and looked
so angry. And the media is like, the governor was angry that such stupid questions would
be asked. Of course, there was no drill. In fact, it's the media that denies it for them.
There was no drill. There were no police dogs. There were nothing. It was, everything's fine.
Now up on Infowars.com, the family guy, this aired Sunday, first aired back in March, where
the Boston Marathon is bombed with not one but two bombs by the family guy, the Tea Party
guy, at the Boston Marathon at the finish with two bombs.
Is this the year you finally get serious about your family's drinking water? If so, keep
listening for a special offer from Big Berkey Water Filters. Did you know that over 60%
of municipal water is fluoridated? Berkey Water Filters distinguish themselves from
many other filtration systems with the capability to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine,
fluoride, arsenic and disinfection byproducts from municipal water via the Black Berkey
and PF line of filters. Then there's affordability. At only 1.7 cents per gallon, Berkey Water
Filters purify treated and untreated water, even stagnant pond water. Stop and think how
much money you could save by simply reducing buying bottled water and using water filtered
by your Berkey Water Filter. No need to be constantly replacing expensive filters with
a Berkey. A single set of filters can last for five to ten years. Choose the best size
Berkey for your needs at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com. And right now, all GCN listeners get 5% off
all ceramic filter systems. Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY. That's 877-99-BER-KEY or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
Free shipping on every order over $50. Big Berkey Water Filters, for the love of clean
water. Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat
of martial law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a
result, millions are stockpiling food, gold and weapons. But how will these items help
if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to
prepare you for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely
effective against bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it
the number one choice of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new
technology can help you be prepared, go to SupernaturalSilver.com. Use the promo code
PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
E.M.1 from Teraganics is safe, chemical free and certified for use on all organic farms.
It improves plant quality, size, color, flavor and gives up to 20% more nutrient value in fruits and
vegetables and greatly increases shelf life. And E.M.1 is so simple to use, just mix with water
and apply. This year, prepare your crisis garden for maximum yields with E.M.1 from Teraganics.com.
Order now at Teraganics.com or call toll free 866-369-3678. That's 866-369-3678.
Teraganics, life's getting better.
All right, folks, Alex Jones here back live. The toll free number to join us is 800-25-9231.
We have Tom, who's a police officer, he says in Iowa. Ben, who says he was IDF counter terror.
It's Israeli Defense Force and Anthony Oregon, who is the army. And I want to get your take
into the bottom of the next hour. Then Joel Skalzen, who is a real terrorism expert in my
view, he's going to be joining us. Doug Hagman as well, who was telling me off air and on air
Monday, it's imminent. And then I got to talk to one of his federal sources. And by the way,
I have federal sources. A lot of people find that hard to believe. I know the federal government's
full of people that don't like what's happening. And there's really no discipline up there right
now. That's why so much of this can come out because the rest of the Secret Service and
people are off with hookers doing drugs. And then the good guys are sitting there just not
knowing what to do. That's why they're prosecuting whistleblowers trying to scare people now.
And then Stuart Rhodes of Oath Keepers is going to be popping in. It's a jam packed transmission.
We have free video feeds and audio feeds at Infowars.com forward slash listen. And even
if you're watching right now, post it to your Facebook, your Twitter, we'll retweet out there.
But family got to be specific and I'm going to your calls. In one episode, he runs over people
at the finish line of the Boston Marathon and then he detonates two bombs. So that's the clip
that's up on Infowars.com. And my issue is Doug Hagman of the X-Files came to me. And he said,
you know that episode where the government flies a hijacked jet in the World Trade Center,
a criminal element that could basically set up a police state.
The CIA planted that story on us and asked us to put that in six months before 9-11.
I mean, it's just incredible where they're going to blame Afghanistan for it and stuff.
Why, I mean, is it coincidence? That's up on Infowars.com right now. But let's go to,
who's up first here? Who's been holding the longest? Let's go to Ben in Mass who says
he's been with the IDF counter-terror. Then we'll go to Tom and Anthony.
Ben, what do you think about what's going on?
Okay. I'm a long time listener and I enjoy the show very much. Thank you, Alex.
Thank you for calling.
Okay. A few quick points and I'll just let you run with it.
Number one, a false flag subversion can be used to undermine faith in the government.
There are many factions in competition with each other. Not all roads lead to the White House.
The right hand does not necessarily know what the left hand is doing.
This reminds me of Benghazi in many ways. Sometimes cops are not cops. There are units
that can wear any kind of uniform to do the operation. Absolutely. Yep.
This may be an attack on Obama. There will be additional suspects at large. That will bring
the information to really know what's up. Also, the Hawk Survives the Tribe broadcast from
Thursday, April 11th may have some significance. There's a lot of information in that show and
I think we should all listen to it.
What did they say? Shadows of this?
Yes. He said it's about to go wild weasel. He was talking about OTMs crossing the border,
the Mexican border, talking about Ahmed Rodriguez and Ahmed, you know.
Oh, you're talking about a real right wing, triple false flag, letting real Muslims in
to do a terror attack to point out that Obama's turning the whole world over to Muslims?
Right. Like Benghazi to destroy his credibility.
But why would Obama order the stand down of the joint chiefs and CENTCOM if it was a setup of
Obama on Benghazi? Could be that the joint chiefs are just incompetent and they're partying like
everyone else. I mean, the security forces are just sucking up money. They don't seem to be
doing anything, really, and we're not safe. So that may be another message we're supposed
to receive from this event. Yeah, I will say that most of the giant spy network that's in
the U.S. now go around bragging that they're spies and driving around in black SUVs. I mean,
it's ridiculous. It is totally ridiculous. I mean, you have any specifics on this or is this your
gut from watching this event? I don't, you know, I don't have intel as far as, you know.
Are you currently in counterterrorism in the Israeli Defense Force?
No, sir, I'm out of the game. It's also corrupt and rotten.
Oh, I would imagine. Listen, thanks for calling in. We're gonna come back with police officers.
This is GCN, the Genesis Communications Radio Network.
of a secret network of FEMA camps now being expanded nationwide. This documentary exposes
how the continuity of government program has established an all powerful shadow state.
Police state four chronicles the sickening depths to which our republic has fallen.
Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship, body scanners, sound cameras,
citizen spies, stage terror and cameras on every street corner. It's only the beginning of the New
World Order's hellish plan. The police state isn't coming. It's here. Secure your copy today
at info wars.com or see it online in the highest quality at prisonplanet.tv.
Waging war on corruption. Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover ups. You want answers? Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
All right, we're into our number two. I want to go quickly to
army and police. And that army guy I was going to next, he just hung up 800,
25 at 9, 90 to 31. I want to get your take on what you've seen. Coming up on a play clips,
they're openly trying to say the Tea Party did it, as I told you they would do.
Now that doesn't mean that's not who they won't ultimately blame.
But we called it first and it's not hard to call it.
But let's go ahead and go to Tom, who is a police officer in Iowa.
What is your take on all this, Tom?
God bless you, Alex. Can you hear me? Yes, sir, I can.
God bless you and the crew for risking your lives, breaking the real news. I salute you.
I've been in law enforcement for 25 years. This was absolutely a false flag. I'm just wondering
when they're going to bring their Adam Lanza or James Holmes out and try their truth serum that
is totally fake drug. I'm just wondering when they're going to bring out their next patsy that
is DARPA program, all drugged up on Prozac, Zoloft. But I have a hint that this patsy is
probably going to be a patriot extremist. Never know what kind of characters they have in their
programs. So I'm thinking they will find them, take them to jail, frame them like the Batman
shooter. White House is pissed. You know what, Tom? Your phone broke up there.
Are you on a hands-free or go ahead and try again. You were talking about,
yeah, their DARPA programs. Absolutely. Go ahead.
Oh, yeah. I'm just wondering when they're going to bring out their next patsy that is in a DARPA
program, all drugged up on Prozac, Zoloft. But I have a hint that this patsy is probably going
to be a patriot extremist. Never know what kind of character they have in their programs.
So I'm thinking they will find them, take them to jail, frame them like the Batman shooter
or the Sandy Hooks hoax. Yeah, all they do is keep you on Halcyon,
one pill they use to extract wisdom teeth to drug you up. You don't even know who you are when
they're ripping your teeth out. They just give you a couple of those every day and give you a
couple extra when you go before the trial and you'll say that you're a monkey's uncle.
You'll say that you're King Kong. You'll say that you're Popeye. And now they're saying
that they're drugging Holmes for the trial and he's obviously bombed out of his brain.
They could grab me and put me on it and roll me out to say I did whatever they want.
I mean, you're absolutely right. But hey, what about every TV show saying right wingers are
going to blow stuff up, building up? It's so obvious that's when they're about to do it
is when they run six months of that. That's the biggest thing right there
is the entire propaganda operation. What do you say to that?
Absolutely. They got Pillsbury Doughboy getting pat downs. They're just trying to get us
our mindset for having the army right here out on the roads.
That's it. Now, when you talk to other police that you know, are they starting to wake up?
Yes, sir. What do you think of the state police?
Now that's a feedback there. What do you think of the state police coming out
and saying, hey, we're in meetings with the feds asking if we'll arrest Christians in mass.
I mean, how creepy is this getting? It's terrible. This pretty soon we're just
all going to be in FEMA camps. Well, I hope that's not the case. God bless you.
By the way, I talked to Eric Muller Mancal this morning. I was on via phone on his number one TV
show simulcast radio show in Chicago. And he said, listen, yesterday I got photos of this. By the
way, ask Rob do about it. I told him to send them there. I talked to his producer. He's driving
along and sees an army truck with blonde haired blue eyed dummies bags with bullet holes in them
and dirt falling out. So he follows it to a gas station when they pull off. And he goes over and
talks to the army troops. And they go, yeah, I know we were in an exercise shoot preparing for
civil unrest. And of course, you have the targets of five year olds. They're shooting. You have the
admission of those drills. But he said he's reportedly they sent him to rob do guys.
I forgot to tell you about that. He's got photos of a truck full of the dummies with like, you
know, wigs on them of like blonde haired women. And again, my issue is it's always, quote, white
al-Qaeda. And now the state police have come out going, yeah, we're being asked what we go to take
only the Christians guns. I mean, like, will you arrest only the Jews? I mean, it's just pure
tyranny. We're gonna come back with Dave, Ryan, Craig and others. In the last two years alone,
the U.S. has seen huge losses to our food supply. In 2011, storms and floods raged across the U.S.,
costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone. In 2012, we saw the largest drought in the country
in more than 50 years. You may think out of sight, out of mind. And so you don't think you will be
affected. The fact is you are. We all are. Food shortages drive prices up for everyone. You might
not be able to control mother nature, but you can control your food prices by freezing the
cost and availability of your food supply with e Foods Direct. Be prepared before you need it.
With nutrient dense food you can store for up to 25 years. You can hope for the best,
but hope won't feed you. Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best,
durable foods out there from e Foods Direct. Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at
efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex and check out their spring specials. Again, that number is 800-409-5633
or on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex. You can bet your life on e Foods Direct.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing
a full selection of silver-based products. Our most popular silver-based products are the 32-ounce
nano silver solutions, our 2-ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well as our all-natural
silver soaps. Just released is our 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver gel is not based on
synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface. But rather,
we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera
to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more effectively.
Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver-based products are best
for you. That's www.silverlungs.com. Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods,
hurricanes, or the threat of martial law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare
for emergencies. As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons. But how
will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural silver is the
ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency. Supernatural silver is a natural
antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria, viruses, moles, and fungus, and is
remarkable for wound care. Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from
deadly pathogens. Supernatural silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life,
making it the number one choice of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing
new technology can help you be prepared, go to www.supernaturalsilver.com. Use the promo code
PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
Big Brother. Mainstream media. Government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're now into our number two on this 16th day of April 2013. Coming up,
popping in, Joel Skousen, World Affairs Brief, really an expert on terrorism. Doug Hagman,
also an expert on terrorism, Northeast Intelligence Network, joining us.
And then Stuart Rose, who's actually driving on his way to Boston right now for the Oath
Keepers event on the 19th, the law enforcement and police military organization that swears to
uphold the Bill of Rights and Constitution that they swore an oath to. How incredibly evil that
the media has been demonizing and claiming might be involved in terrorism with no evidence.
He's gonna be joining us as well. So a jam-packed two hours coming up.
If your station just joined us, if you go to infowars.com and prisonplanet.com,
we have local witnesses on local TV saying they were running a drill, saying don't worry,
it's only part of a drill with bomb sniffing dogs. My reporter, Rob Dew, his brother-in-law,
who's in Army Intelligence and part of the official Army Marathon team, was pulled out,
quote, for dehydration and sent to the hospital. They came and pulled him out. He thought it was
weird. They pulled him out. He was up near the front at the end of the race when the bomb went
off. They pulled him out right before. Very, very bizarre. And they're trying to deny that
even went on. They're trying to deny that there was a drill or that their guys were on the roof.
So very suspicious. And I've told you, I've seen troops on the streets, TSA checkpoints where I
live, they're saying get ready for the Tea Party to bomb America, which is the last thing the Tea
Party would ever do. We know the globalist staged Oklahoma City. I'm in the film A Noble Lie that
we sell that has police officers there talking about the feds planting the bombs. Eye witnesses
to the fact that this very attorney general, who was deputy attorney general at the time,
was involved in a cover-up. This is the same attorney general that ran fast and furious,
that's killed thousands, thousands of people. Some numbers are 400. That's the most conservative.
The most numbers are over 2,000. They run false flags. They've given 10,000 heat-seeking missiles
to Al-Qaeda. Saudi Arabia has been given control of Libya and Syria. Our government and NATO are
backing them. So they're saying on one hand, it could be Al-Qaeda. And then saying Iran could be
involved when Iran and Al-Qaeda are at each other's throats, one Shiite, one Sunni.
And then on the other hand, I'm about to play a bunch of clips and then go to your phone calls
here. David, Brian, Craig, all of you, John, Eddie, we're gonna get to all of you. Police
military, I wanna hear from you on this. We have people that were at the marathon.
Brian was at the marathon. We'll go to him first. Eddie, friend is a fed, has Intel. We're gonna
get to all of you. Just have your point quickly ready. But here's the deal. They wanna use this
to turn America into a police state, okay? And that's who stands to gain. It's bigger than Obama.
And they've been gearing up for this to happen. And that's why they're the prime suspects,
that is somebody inside the shadow government. Because they've been caught doing it before,
they stand to gain from it, and we've been predicting it. And you've seen the incredible
buildup and propaganda in every drama, every sitcom, every police show that the Tea Party
is gonna blow up public events. Just every show, I turn on TV, you see it, shows about remaking
houses injected somehow into nonfiction shows. I mean, it's just everywhere, everywhere.
It's the full demonization and the police are being told prepare to mass arrest Christians.
That's in mainstream news, Fox News, and it seems crazy. That's all coming out now. Okay,
are they getting ready, peaking everybody's entrance like a whodunit, Agatha Christie,
whodunit? Is it the Muslims? And notice it's Muslims right wing. There's only two groups.
It's right wingers and Muslims. It's right wingers and Al Qaeda. See, now they're flipping
the script from Al Qaeda to right wingers. They may go ahead and say it's Al Qaeda.
But the point is they're already introducing right winger Tea Party is the same as Al Qaeda.
Gun owner, same as Al Qaeda. Regardless, this is the psych warfare event. And I said it and was
demonized. I said it within two minutes of it being announced yesterday in overdrive with
Richard Belzer right at three o'clock central when all this stuff happened right at 4 Eastern.
I said it and within minutes salon, document cam shot please. Within minutes for TV viewers,
you can watch us right now. Free streams at info wars.com forward slash listen.
Listen, okay, so here's the document cam right here. Alex Jones, Boston explosion,
a government conspiracy. And I said it will be a false flag to be blamed on the Tea Party
and expand TSA reach. Now that was my tweets. That's what I said on air.
And they love the fact that one of the people tweeting for me to the typos was real funny for
them. You try doing a radio show and tweeting. Here's the blaze with absolutely no evidence
Alex Jones calls Boston Marathon a false flag. Okay, they actually have my tweet.
I said our hearts go out to all those that have been hurt or killed. But the FBI has been behind
virtually every domestic event. And I linked to the New York Times actually saying that.
Doesn't matter. Then later, the blaze came out an hour later and said they're gonna blame right
wing. So instead of being saying I'm right and I'm not at odds with the blaze. They're always
doing this to me, okay? Now look who he's with the George Soros media. Alex Jones declares
Boston a false flag operation FBI FBI behind every terror plot.
No, I linked to the New York Times saying that I'm about to show you. So again, act like only
I said it and find a picture of me wearing camo that I wear maybe once a month to make it look
like I'm in the militia. But there's nothing wrong with that. Here you go. CNN National Security
Analyst. Now see, I'm a kook for saying this. But one hour later, CNN National Security Analyst
warns of right wing extremists behind Boston bombings. Boom, and we have a video clip of that
we're going to in a minute. Axelrod, top White House minion, operative in the media.
Obama thinks Boston bombings could be related to tax day, a patriot group. I thought I was a kook.
I thought I was wrong. Salon, media eye, media matters, Glenn Beck. Look at this,
real clear politics. Sink saying, it can be a right wing guy.
The Young Turks, CNN, right wing extremists to blame for explosions, world net daily.
Boston marathon explosions already being blamed on the right from the blaze. Well,
wait a minute, I thought without any proof, I said that was gonna happen.
I mean, I thought I'm a bad guy. But then right there, again, just come on, man,
we're in the same trench. Stop doing this to me. Boston Marathon, the initial theories.
London Independent, they predict it's right wing extremists. Boom, I'm right again.
Irish Examiner, right wing. Expert says right wing terrorists most likely have bombed Boston.
That's how you demonize your political opposition. You bomb stuff, blame it on them.
Can't beat them fair and square, stage a bombing, blame them. Without facts,
pundits spread rumors and blame Boston bombing on the government. CBS News, what do you mean
without facts? There's a drill, but you claim, I claim there's a drill.
CNN National Security Analysts warns of right wing extremists behind Boston bombings.
Town Hall, boom. Breitbart, same headline. Wolf Blitzer. Okay, so let's get it established.
I said they would do this, not because I have a big brain, it's a no brainer,
then I'm going to your phone calls. And then I'm wrong when it all comes true.
Now, ladies and gentlemen, they are setting up to have these all over the country. If we accept
this, get into the fear, the media's hyping it. This is the whole paradigm shift to go into total
martial law to stop the Tea Party bombing everybody. And to get Republicans to apologize
for what the Tea Party's done. If they blame it on the Tea Party and Republicans apologize,
it's over. Total communist takeover run by foreign offshore banks.
We've got to understand, they stand to gain from this, they have the history,
they did fast and furious. Now let's play a few of these clips and then go to your calls.
Here's Bill O'Reilly last night saying, hey, Patriots Day, just saying, here it is.
So far, no one has claimed responsibility for the attack.
Perhaps it's a coincidence, but this week marks the anniversary of attacks in Oklahoma City,
Columbine, Colorado, and Virginia Tech. Also the Waco assault in 1993.
Okay, so there's O'Reilly doing his job. BBC, here's BBC saying it one hour after the attacks,
minutes after I said it, saying they blame us. Here's BBC.
The other thing I think I'd say is that if this does turn out to be a terrorism,
don't immediately jump to conclusions about who's responsible. There's some,
it's more than rumor, it's chatter from within the intelligence services
that suggests that it might not be what one's mind perhaps leaps to of Islamic radicals,
but that it could be homegrown extremists who of course have attacked in the past within America.
Indeed, one recalls the Oklahoma bomb, of course, which was attributed initially to
Islamic terrorists and turned out to be homegrown. Yes, exactly. And there's reports that that
happened on, I'm not saying reports because I just haven't had time to check it out,
but that happened also on Patriot Day, which is today, the first Monday in April.
So that might have a special significance. And we know that the Homeland Security have
Oh, thank God for Homeland Security. Let's never look at Homeland Security.
I mean, security services for hundreds of years have been famous for staging their own bombings
and shootings to take control. They're always the number one culprit taught in mainline
criminology and history books. But oh, Alex Jones said, hey, they're running a drill and told people
be calm before it happened. And we're pulling members of the army running team out to protect
them right before it happened. Oh, Alex Jones says they're gonna blame the right wing, which
they're doing. He's bad. Let's go to the Young Turks talking about it, then we'll go to break
and come back with your calls. Here's the Young Turks.
Some who believe it might be right wing terrorists. That suspicion is also understandable.
Let me give you a sense of why. First of all, it was tax day. Second of all-
All right, let's move on from him. I wanna get to Chris Matthews. Let's go to Chris Matthews
here trying to blame us. Again, I said they do this.
It's Patriot Day, it's the marathon day, it's the Kennedy Library always up there. And also,
as you pointed out, I just forgot cuz I filed already this filing day for the federal income
tax, which does cause some emotions around the country, sometimes in the wrong parts of the
brain. Anyway, thank you, Congressman Kennedy, for joining us from Massachusetts. Well, Michael,
tax day today, that came up- That's enough, get it off there. And I've got more and more clips,
and then I've got Glenn Beck saying, how dare I say they'd blame the right wing?
I mean, obviously, that was gonna happen. And again, I expect it from George Soros groups.
And I still, Olive Branch, God bless you. Fine, if you think you're gonna be safe with
these people, cuz they're guaranteed gonna do stuff and blame it on you, Glenn.
They're guaranteed. They've already done it to me before. They're gonna, in mass shootings,
you name it, they're gonna go look on a computer. If the person ever visited your website,
they're gonna blame you. And I'll be there protecting you when it happens, cuz I'm not
a scumbag. Okay, we're gonna come back with police and military. Then we've got Joel Skalzen.
Stay there, David, John, Brian, Eddie, Craig. We're going to Brian, who was at the marathon,
when we come back. Stay with us, call us straight in.
You've heard about our MRE Smorgasbord. Now, Long Life Food Depot introduces the most unique,
safe, and longest lasting way to stash emergency food, the EatPod. Most survival food products
recommend an ideal storage environment, including low temps, low moisture, and low oxygen. If
you're storing in a basement, too humid, garages and attics, too hot. But the waterproof,
double-walled, high-density, polyethylene, patent-pending EatPod is a unique rollaway food bunker
that creates the perfect conditions, can be buried up to 30 feet, and can keep your survival food
supply safe, secure, dry, and virtually undetectable for 25 years or more. Get full details on the
EatPod at eatpod.com, spelled E-A-T-P-O-D.com, or call 800-601-2833. That's 800-601-2833. The
EatPod from Long Life Food Depot. Since 1983, sending real food to your real future.
For those who know the benefits of silver, for those who know the healing history of silver,
and for those who want to be prepared, now there's SilverGaz, a nylon elastic wrap with
silver bonded to each individual fiber. SilverGaz is a long-lasting, washable, and reusable must-have
for any emergency kit. Get yours today at SilverGaz.com, spelled Silver, G-A-U-C-E,
dot com. SilverGaz is what your emergency kit is missing. Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever
wondered why banks, stock workers, investment advisors won't talk about gold IRAs? They've
been available since 1986, yet the financial industry won't recognize the value of gold for
your retirement. Gold is outperformed paper investments, yet no word about IRAs. If you
would like to have gold for your retirement, call 800-686-2237. Don't get left behind by rising
inflation and low returns, call 800-686-2237. Secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
Introducing Pro 1. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more do you have
two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts out
the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing
technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new Aquamedics advanced media for
removal of fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one filter element. It is the only one that
does it and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code WATER.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides,
chloramines, ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with the
new Pro 1 filters today at mfallwarstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Hello, this is Ty Bollinger, author of the bestselling book Cancer Step Outside the Box.
I want you to know some very important information. In 1985, President Ronald Reagan
requested that Carnivora be sent directly to the White House at a time when only the President
could obtain this world-class healer. Now, 27 years later, Carnivora capsules are used around
the world to keep people healthy. Now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in this age
of superbugs with 17 naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal cells only
without harming a single normal cell. If you want to stay healthy, now's your chance to literally
wake up your critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders that don't belong in your body.
Call 1-866-VenusFly or order from Carnivora.com. That's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A.com. That's 1-866-836-8735,
1-866-VenusFly or visit Carnivora.com. Protect your immune system. It's the only one you've got.
This is all scripted, designed to target low-grade morons that are the general public,
unfortunately. Now I'm gonna go to your phone calls now. Then I've got a big data dump of info
coming up in the next segment. We'll continue with calls. Dan Madani's gonna be popping in.
So is Joel Skalzen. So is the head of Oath Keepers, Stuart Rhodes, today. But without
further ado, Brian in Mass says you were at the marathon. Thank you for calling in today. Glad
you're okay or hope you're okay. What can you tell us, sir? Well, thanks, Alex, for putting me
on the show here today. I appreciate everything that you're doing. Thank you. Okay, so what I
want to do is I don't know if I have bad luck or not. I'm actually originally from Connecticut.
I actually work at Newtown High School. I'm a coach there, but my girlfriend lives up here,
and she goes to BU, and I decided to do the 5K run before, the day before the Boston Marathon they
do. And it was the same thing that pretty much run down there by the finals. So I kind of ran down
there the day before running by all that stuff, which was kind of pretty eerie. But where it
happened, where I was, was about a mile and a half from where it ended on Beacon. And I didn't hear
the bombs where I were, but my girlfriend's roommate was down there a little bit closer,
and she heard everything. And it was just incredible. And just to relate back to the
Sandy Hook thing, and I've been doing a lot of research there, listening to YouTube for a while,
and everything is just going, you know, everything's just twisted, and everything's
kind of just bringing itself together. All these false flag events are really, you know,
the same feeling from Sandy Hook I'm getting here now. And it was very, it was hard to sleep last
night. Well, look, I mean, this is a global corporate empire. It's got to have events to
keep control of the people. And I'm just glad they didn't kill more people to sell their police
state. But it's not going well for them. Just like the underwear bomber, the government got the
guy on the plane. We broke that here. And later it came out in Congress that indeed they ordered
him to be allowed on the plane and that everybody said he was drugged up. So I'm glad you're okay.
Good to hear from you. And let's go to the next caller here. Let's go to Eddie in Texas,
says his friend is a Fed, has Intel. Eddie, you're on the air. Go ahead.
Hey, Alex. Yeah, I was just sitting here and a buddy of mine, he's a, he has a federal job.
And he told me, I got to stop by your shop. And I said, sure, why not? So he comes over here and he
tells me, you know, we talk about the bombing and whatnot. And then he tells me, okay, there's
reasons I can't give you, but I feel bad if I didn't give you a warning. Buy as much ammo as
you can. The only thing I can tell you is buy as much ammo as you can. His friend in the Pentagon
is not, he will not give me any critical information as to why, but he just told me,
buy as much ammo as you can, double it. I don't care if you have two, if you have 21 shotguns or
whatever, you double that by the end of the month. Wow. So you talked to your source and he said his
friend at the Pentagon just said, get as much ammo as you can. That's exactly what he said.
And I told him, did they declare martial law in Boston? He said, no, they declared a state of
emergency different. And I said, well, you know, I heard different things and he said,
all I'm going to tell you and all I'm authorized to tell you is the same thing I've been telling
you, buy more ammo. And he told me-
Well, yeah, I mean, absolutely. Look, the state police came out in Colorado last week and said,
we've been told to prepare to confiscate the guns of Christians only. I mean, right there,
the whole government should be arrested. And then Fox News reports, yeah, the army's being told
evangelicals and Catholics and other Christians are in with Al-Qaeda and they're listed as
extremists. I mean, it's an authoritarian takeover. And we're going to get Joel Skousen's
take on this. He's always thinking it's more down the road, but they can always move timetables up
when they're behind. I mean, you've got all the North Korea craziness going on, the Iran craziness.
And maybe they're testing us right now, but we're going to find out. Thank you,
Eddie. Let's talk to Dave, who's in the Marine Corps. Dave, what is your take on all this?
How you doing, Alex? I'm not doing too good. I mean, have I not been saying, I mean,
when every show says the Tea Party's going to blow up public events, I mean,
that's pre-programming. I mean, I've seen them do this before. This looks bad. Go ahead. What
do you think is happening? I'm going to tell you exactly what's happening.
The martial art is coming in a couple of days. The next thing is, in the video,
two seconds before the blast, in intel, the lady with the black shirt, black shorts,
she's the last one to cross the finish line before the bombs goes off. The four first letters are
1979. That's very important. Every historical event in 1979 leads up to what has started in
January and leads up to December. Margaret Thatcher, she became Prime Minister in 1979.
A run with the hostages in 1979. Also, you have in 1979.
Hold on, stay there. Joel Scouser's coming up. I don't want you to be able to finish.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system,
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to GetSimplySafe.com. SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power,
so even if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable,
so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed. GetSimplySafe.com.
SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes,
so there's no need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate,
you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe
will stand guard, protecting your property 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com.
Freezing the cost and availability of your food supply with eFoods Direct.
Be prepared before you need it with nutrient-dense food you can store for up to 25 years.
You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you. Do what I've done and get your own supply
of the best, durable foods out there from eFoods Direct. Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the
web at eFoodsDirect.com. And check out their spring specials. Again, that number is 800-409-5633
or on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex. You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These all
natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth friendly
and safe. See them on the web at FiveStarSoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Buy the
one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what you're using now.
Or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing
deal. You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at FiveStarSoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Crashing through the lies and disinformation, it's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Monday through Friday, from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m., we're here live. We're now into the middle of the
show. In the middle of the second hour, Joel Skalzen, who heads up World Affairs Brief and
of course was a Marine Corps fighter pilot during the Vietnam era and is really an expert on
geopolitical actions and activities, is going to be joining us here in just a moment.
Obviously, I get so focused on big news events like this that I don't even talk about our sponsors
or the different things that I'm doing. Remember to support Infowars.com.
Remember to buy the books, the T-shirts, the films, the information at InfowarsStore.com.
We have the Seed Center up there where you can get all the very best non-GMO,
non-hybrid seed varieties at the lowest cost out there. We're very, very extremely competitive.
The Infowars Seed Center at InfowarsStore.com, InfowarsHealth.com,
the ProPure water filters you can call or order them online with promo code water and save 10%
off any of the ProPure or any of the water filtration systems. Again, that's InfowarsStore.com,
the best system out there at the lowest price, hands down.
Look at the side-by-side comparisons with the competition. And also don't forget,
we're sending out video feeds right now, as well as the free audio feeds during this new
escalation false flag event. The fingerprints are very clear.
We don't just jump to those conclusions. There were drills as usual,
stand downs. Now they're saying there weren't drills even though they're admitted.
Army personnel being pulled out who were in the marathon, people we know and told,
no, you're going for a wellness check. I'm fine, no, come with us. We've got all that going on.
You've got the immediate right wingers are behind it, but they're not ever actually finding the
patsy yet, letting it grow. You've got all that happening. So we're gonna get Joel Skalzen's take
on that in just one moment. But don't forget, you can go to Infowars.com forward slash listen
and find the video feed, the free video feed. And please send that out on your email list,
your Twitter, your Facebook, your friends and family, so they can get an alternative
of what's happening. I am being demonized. How dare Alex Jones say that the Tea Party
would be blamed? When, of course, they did. How dare Alex Jones say that there was a drill,
when there was a drill. And they had loudspeakers saying, be calm, it's no big deal.
Never mind, we're placing these pressure cooker bags next to you.
They do these false flags so ham-fistedly, always the same MO with the drill. It looks like there
weren't even probably patsies, though they'll probably present a drugged up patsy very,
very soon, bombed out of their mind on Halcyon and five other drugs. So real briefly,
cut to the chase there, Dave. Is this something you speculate on, on the messages they like to
leave calling cards like the ace of spades? Or is this intel you're getting from your
sources in the Marine Corps? This is intel that we get from the Marine Corps.
This is a domestic false flag, it's not international. The building did not blow up,
that would have been international. This is all domestic, this is the false flag.
And there is one more event that's gonna take place. It's domestic and I'll send you an email,
but I can't talk more.
Well, you're being told by, what area of the Marine Corps are you in?
I can't tell you.
Well, I mean, specifically though, sometimes they tell you guys stuff that is going to happen,
but it really doesn't. But you're being told that within days, there's gonna be an event
that triggers martial law? Yeah, yeah. I just watched Price of Oil, also a certain embassy.
Well, I noticed that gold imploded yesterday, the stock market went down big time and then
all this started. Big of things afoot with Iran, big things afoot with North Korea,
a very bizarre time. Thank you so much for the call, sir, God bless you.
That caller sounds very credible. Government people, as I've met with them and talked to
them in private, get very, very nervous about talking about anything they're being told.
But a lot of times they're in their own echo chamber with even more propaganda.
Now, somebody I really respect and who's got his finger on the pulse at a lot of levels
is Joel Skalzen, who I just introduced to World Affairs Brief. And I don't know his take on this
yet, we're gonna get his full take on it right now. But again, I'll tell you, when every drama,
every cop show, every sitcom, I mean, I randomly in a hotel room turn it on.
And I've asked listeners about it, and they say everything they see, every show,
whether it's drama, fiction, nonfiction, news, cop shows, the Tea Party is killing children
and burying them in their backyard. They're bombing the football game, they're shooting
police officers, they're mass murdering. I mean, it is greater demonization, which he deserved,
that I saw of Hitler in 41, 42, 43, 44, 45 in Disney cartoons and stuff.
I mean, it's to the power of ten. I mean, that we are being demonized as the enemy. And if you know
military basic propaganda, I mean, this tells you, okay, we're about to be set up. I mean,
it's not, it's an absolute no brainer. I mean, you turn on MTV, anything,
Joel Skalzen, that right there is why I said, tis the season. You were on two weeks ago and I said,
I feel a false flag is imminent. And I said that yesterday before it happened,
imminent. I mean, you have the ADL sending letters to Obama saying,
we warned you, we warned Clinton right before the last bombing in 95, we're telling you it's
imminent. And that's so they can grandstand and say, see, we told you it's imminent when they
were in Elohim City running the compound McVeigh was in. And feds that blew the whistle got arrested
like a hell. So I mean, just the way they grandstand publicly, red alert and I believe,
just like I said on 9-11, I believe there'll be a bio attack now. I don't know how I knew that.
That was the anthrax. And thank God the media attacked me, that's on record.
Joel, I'm ranting here. What is your take on all this? I mean, not just my intel, my intellect,
my spirit, my gut is just reeling off the chart and was before the show yesterday.
Joel Skalzen, I think this is just the beginning of something bigger.
Well, Alex, it has all of the hallmarks of a government false flag operation. The first
and foremost one is they always pick high profile events to have the maximum press coverage,
the maximum impact on people, whether it's attacking a federal building in the Murrah
building, which was clearly a government operation. There were other explosive devices
found around that building and the local television station took pictures of them.
They were told to shut down those pictures and not show any of that. They wanted to especially
point that to a right wing terrorist, which they did. There were many other things about that,
including eliminating the earthquake seismographs, which showing two explosions.
They edited out the films of the various convenience stores, which went off
during the explosion. The films would have showed shaking twice inside the building.
They removed those. Sure, and FBI agents came out in the L.A. Times and said they'd seen the
footage. It was McVeigh with six other guys. That's right. And so, you know, whether it's
the Murrah building or whether it's a Murrah building or whether it's 9-11 or even the first
World Trade Center building, these were clearly false flag operations involved with terrorists
hired by the United States. And there was also a drill going on with airliners crashing into
buildings going on on the very day that 9-11 happened. Explain why they do drills.
Well, drills, first of all, have two purposes. One, in case there's a problem, you know,
they've got cover in the sense that they if they want to back out, they've got cover. But more
importantly, they tie up resources. They diminish the ability of first responders in aircraft or
fighter aircraft during 9-11 to respond because it was just a drill. And so it stopped everyone
from being locked into the position of immediately responding because they were conflicted with the
fact that is this a drill or is this real? Yeah, that way they didn't respond to the first two.
But then from what I have, refused orders by the third one. I went ahead and it was recorded two
AIM-9s, which I guess are Sidewinders. And then, of course, then they wanted to cover that up that
basically Air Force people refused to follow orders to stand down. Well, I had a call as
editor of the World Affairs Brief from a tower operator at McGuire Air Force Base in New Jersey.
And he said, you know, I personally got the order from the base commander to shut down the tower,
not let any fighter aircraft take off. So there really were stand-down orders in this case.
There's a couple of other things that are telltale science about this Boston bombing. And one of
those is that it's a low-grade explosive. If you see the pictures of that, you see red and orange
fire associated with the explosives. You don't see that with high explosives. It's either zero
zero light emission or it's white, pure white. There is no orange or red unless it's a low-grade
explosive. And that indicates that this is something that can be easily blamed on an amateur,
somebody domestic. It's very difficult to get high explosives unless you're government. I think that
they have a reason to use low-grade explosives so they can more easily pin this on amateurs
or someone who would appear to be involved in the American right wing. I don't know how they're
going to do it yet. They certainly haven't had anyone claim responsibility. And if it's a normal
terrorist attack, almost always, almost always, you have an organization claim the purpose.
I mean, what's the purpose of killing a lot of innocent people if you aren't going to
dramatize your cause and make a demand and make your demands. And so the demand is we're going
to put TSA on the streets, sticking their hands down your pants and an army everywhere. And I've
already seen this in Austin last month. That's why I said they're getting close. I can't go to
the kite festival. I can't go to a sporting event. Here's the National Guard to search my bags and
grab my wife. Now, Joel, expanding on this, I'm getting chatter, not just on air,
but off air from military sources that they were already told get ready for something this week
and that bigger stuff's coming. Now, they may just be testing them, but all the buildup,
you know, well, where do you expect this to go? I know you don't like to speculate, but
I mean, just looking at how they're already saying Al Qaeda right wing, Al Qaeda right wing,
even if they don't blame it on right wing later, they're already conflating the two terms.
Well, first of all, I don't think there's any way that you're going to hold a major mass
marathon again without extreme security measures. In other words, it's going to justify TSA getting
bigger and bodier in your face all of the time. And this is part of the reason for the shoe bombers
and the various other bombers, which are fake bombers. There's no way that a trained terrorist
would not know that you can't set off plastic explosive in a shoe by a match. You cannot do it.
Everybody knows that even Marine Corps, you know, corporals know that. Well, that guy was completely
drugged out of his mind, just like the other guy who we know got on the plane when the government
got him on the plane. That is right. But I do not believe, Alex, that this necessarily pretends
a major martial law event within a couple of days. I personally discount what this person who claimed
to be low level in the Marine Corps was getting from so-called Intel. Look, I'm an officer in the
Marine Corps. I can tell you that even a higher officer, you don't get any leaks because the
Marine Corps doesn't get this kind of intel. It just never happens, especially down at the lower
levels. So I really think that there's a lot of people taking advantage to try to, you know,
pretend like they know something. I'll bet you any amount of money, you won't see anything in
two days in terms of martial law. No, no, I tend to agree with you because they want to roll things,
they want to roll things out slowly. That's the way they're going to get us for sure.
If they move too quick, it wakes people up. But exactly. But they've got state police coming out
going. We're being told to prepare to have war with Christians. So the brainwashing is starting
to get down to the lower levels. So I would imagine, you know, they're in a briefing going
big stuff could happen in the next few days. Get ready. Then there's a bunch of speculation.
I mean, I think you've got to remember, Alex, that a lot of this is to bait the right wing,
to leak these things out. There is no way I can tell you that they will openly come out and say
or tell these people we're going after because of the Christians. There's too many Christians
in the state police. They would leak that which they have. And what I'm saying there,
I think trying to bait Christians into some big uprising to make us look more radical than we
really are. There is just no way that they would tell that because it isn't just Christians that
would raise too many questions. They can get away with saying it's the right wing militia or it's
the and not even the Tea Party can they get away with particularly. I agree with you that it's
energizing libertarians and conservatives and constitutionalist. But you're looking at it from
a psychological perspective of why is it so over the top? This is debate. They've shifted into some
other psych warfare systems where they do outrageous things to create a bigger normalcy
bias. So down the road, we accept it. But I agree they're not ready now. Yes. Well, that's what I'm
saying is that we've got to be very careful of these leaks of imminency. I mean, there was one
this so-called North Carolina trooper who got on various Internet shows and says that martial law
was going to be in March and everything and it never happened. And I'm just saying we really
got to be careful. These guys are very smart. What we're dealing with, they're not going to do
anything that's going to prove that there's a conspiracy. I agree with you. Now, let me expand
on this. They're not happy that our reporter, Dan Madan, who's coming up, got into not one,
but two of the press conferences and took them over. And we got them to basically deny that
there was even a drill, even though there were drills with them announcing everything's fine,
relax, stay calm. This is just a drill. I mean, they're certainly not in control of the narrative
and they're hopping mad right now that we've injected the term false flag into the national
narrative. Well, let me tell you that here's a mainstream television news station in the Boston
area, Local 15 interviewing the University of Mobile, Alabama's cross country coach.
His name is Ollie Stevenson, and he says he was at it near the finish line of Boston Marathon.
There were serious explosions went off and he thought there was odd there were bomb sniffing
dogs at the start and finish lines. They kept making announcements to the participants not
to worry, just a training exercise, just like you just said. Here is written and television
confirmation with an interview that this is all true. In fact, he says, I don't believe it was
just a training exercise. He says, I think they must have had some sort of threat suspicion called
in, and that's why they were there. So their denial that they didn't have any idea is a pure
lie. Well, have you heard Rob Dew, whose brother-in-law is in army intelligence, pretty
high level, and he's a champion marathon guy. He's on the marathon team for the army. He was there
because his family's from New Jersey. He was there and they pulled him out right towards the end and
said, you need to go to the hospital, you're dehydrated. And he's like, what? And that's an
order. Now, is that not pretty important? Yeah, that's an indication that somebody had
advance notice of that, and I'm convinced there was. So we're going to wait and see what happens.
I'm convinced they won't overplay this other than to induce a lot more TSA scrutiny of every major
event. And this will certainly justify it. I certainly would feel nervous about running a
marathon. So it's part of the incremental rollout of just soft martial law. We don't get there
overnight, we just slowly cook. And it does accustom people to increase scrutiny of the
government. And I'm just covering the World Affairs brief for Friday, this almost $4 billion
Homeland Security building that several congressmen are trying to stop because of the cost overruns
and all of the budget sequestration, et cetera. But, you know, one comment that one of the
congressmen says, if we don't stop this now before they can get everybody under one roof,
he says, we'll never be able to dismantle Department of Homeland Security. And I think
he's absolutely right. Yeah. And again, all those votes are happening right now. So this is a great
diversion for the gun bills, the open border bills and the Homeland Security takeover bill.
And that's what I said at the start of the show, folks, come back and tell me what you think about
geopolitical movements. One more segment, the Damodandis coming on and then a bunch of other
guests. But in the last two years alone, the U.S. has seen huge losses to our food supply.
In 2011, storms and floods raged across the U.S., costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone. In 2012,
we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years. You may think out of sight,
out of mind. And so you don't think you will be affected. The fact is you are. We all are.
Food shortages drive prices up for everyone. You might not be able to control mother nature,
but you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply with
E Foods Direct. Be prepared before you need it with nutrient dense food you can store for up to
25 years. You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you. Do what I've done and get your
own supply of the best durable foods out there from E Foods Direct. Call 800-409-5633 or visit
them on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex and check out their spring specials. Again,
that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex. You can bet
your life on E Foods Direct. We all know that Berkey water purification systems are the most
trusted name in water filtration. As an authorized Berkey dealer for over six years and serving
thousands of satisfied customers, the Berkey Guy offers amazing specials for Berkey water filtration
systems. The Berkey light systems include a set of self-sterilizing and re-cleanable black
purification elements that purify water by removing chlorine, pathogenic bacteria, cysts and
parasites to non-detectable levels and remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides and pesticides.
Order the Berkey light system today complete with two black Berkey elements for only $231
and the Berkey guy will ship your order free of charge. With the purchase of a Berkey light,
the Berkey guy is also offering a set of fluoride and arsenic filters for only $39.99. That's over
30% off the retail price. Call the Berkey guy at 1-877-886-3653. That's 1-877-886-3653 or
order online at goberky.com. That's goberky.com today. Imagine waking one morning early to find
your family shivering in the dark because you couldn't afford to pay your electric bill.
That's closer than you think. You probably haven't heard about this yet because the liberal media has
been suppressing what is fast becoming the most shocking news story of 2012. Obama's secret war
on coal that could increase your already high power bill as much as 400% in coming months.
As shocking as it sounds, it may well be just a matter of time before the lights start going out
across America. But here's some good news. There's an underground video at exposed123.com that
thousands of smart patriots have used to end their slavery to the corrupt electricity monopoly.
The video at exposed123.com has already been banned by Google and the liberal media is doing
everything in its power to take it down and keep America in the dark. So watch it now at
exposed123.com before it's too late. Again, that's exposed123.com.
All right, I'm kind of hyperventilating as usual just because I'm immersed in this stuff. But
you look at videos where Californians sign petitions to confiscate firearms and
you know, arrest constitutionalists. And it really shows how much trouble this country's in.
But talking to Joel Skalzen who studies false flags, and I want to look at Iran and North
Korea briefly, just everything is obviously heating up. I'm not saying it's all gonna blow
up tomorrow, but there are big events, there are big expansions, there are event horizons.
And I think we've clearly entered one with a crescendo of propaganda.
But how many police would they have involved? Obviously, they'd have an inter-agency secret
unit within, so the other cops didn't know, they'd be right next to guys that were part of the drill.
And then they think the cops are so dumb and so compartmentalized that they blow stuff up right
in front of them and then they don't even get it. Or if a cop does get it, like the police at
Oklahoma City, they just kill them. I mean, how do they get away with stuff like this when it's
so obvious? Well, you've got to remember that there's a lot of questions, police aren't dumb.
They do see these same anomalies we do, but there's a tremendous amount of pressure inside,
don't say anything. And all of a sudden, you're stepping on national security issues.
They use that all the time within local police forces to control what's going on. But they do
keep it very compartmentalized so that the only people, there's only a handful that know that
there's a false flag operation going on. A lot of people give an assignments that are part of it,
that don't understand until it goes off, then they're told a different story that this is
actually a terrorist attack. What is the main motive? Get the agenda passed,
divert everybody to this story while they get all the gun stuff, immigration stuff,
homeland security stuff rafted through? Well, in general, it does increase the amount
of tension about terrorism. This will, to some extent, probably change a few votes on the gun
bill. They're really close to not getting anything. If it weren't for taking to me,
you know, suppose a Republican, you know, pro-gun person and Joe Manchin supposedly pro-gun to bring
out and do and carry water for the establishment, they wouldn't even got anything, but they're
probably going to get some form of background checks. And there's a lot of false language and
fine print in that Toomey Manchin bill is very, very dangerous that it's going to, you know, end
up registering a lot more weapons and bringing a lot more people under the guise of background
checks, not just internet and gun show sales. But I think ultimately they are moving slowly enough
that they're increasing the pressure. We won't know until they actually try to blame somebody
for this Boston bombing, but I suspect it's going to be to insert a whole nother level of homeland
security into the nation. I think that's what they're aiming for. And it's going to be at major
sporting events. It's going to be at marathons. You're going to see homeland security and lots of
Oh, they're already announcing that, oh, we've had army and TSA, a Kentucky Derby, but now there'll
be three times more and it'll be in your town everywhere. The idea that government, there were
400 troops there. There were checkpoints there didn't protect people. I mean, this is the takeover
of society. Here's the article from mfallwars.com. It links to a Washington Post and others. Homeland
security chief threatens terror attacks and budget cuts go through. Remember that was back,
Erin Dykes wrote that back in February 26th, a few months ago. And she said, if you cut funding,
there will be more terror attacks. This is really pretty elementary what's happening.
That's a very good point. Great piece on your website there. They predicted it and sure enough,
it's a self-fulfilling prophecy. Okay, we're going to break here in one minute. Give people
the best website because I know there's Joel Skowzen, but there's also World Affairs Brief.
What's the best one for folks to go to? Well, it is worldaffairsbrief.com and people can get
a free sample issue of the North Korea analysis I'm giving by emailing me at editor at
worldaffairsbrief.com. And you think that's going to blow over?
It is, Alex. And I'll tell you the special reason why I think that China allowed this to go through
what they're going to gain from these future missile tests that are going to come through.
What is it? Well, basically, they're going to launch a salvo of missiles to test our ballistic
missile systems to see how many we can track and how many we can respond to. That's something that
Russia and China have been waiting to test for a long time. And this gives them an excuse.
Wow. We'll talk to you again very, very soon.
You are listening to GCN. Visit GCNlive.com today.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial law
have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result,
millions are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical
emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against
bacteria, viruses, moles, and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver has
over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it the number one choice of preppers
across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to
SupernaturalSilver.com. Use the promo code prepared for 20% off your entire order and like us on
Facebook. Waging war on corruption, Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Hey, I know we've got army folks and police and Marines holding. I want to get your quick take
on this after the break. And then we're going to have another guest joining us. Doug Hagman,
who predicted all this on Monday, talked about how it was imminent. Obama was about to double
down. I mean, this is a false flag, no doubt. Now they're talking about how the duffel bag,
the bombs, were just sitting there for a while. And the police are like, never mind,
Drew, move on. I mean, normally, a donut pastry box falls in the ground. They bring in
dogs and robots and only we protect you from the non-existent bombs.
All the cities in the US have been getting Homeland Security funds for giant anti-bomb
robots. This is a military industrial complex PR rollout. How do we sell $50 billion worth
of robots? I mean, Austin spent like $3 million. They spent like $3 million. Look it up, I forget,
but I think it was more on some robots for the non-existent bombs. But the government said,
there will be bombs in every city routinely, get ready. And I guess they'll get the cops out with
the bomb truck and they'll go find a little kid and just go over to the, hold this for me,
Sonny, on a big black bomb with a fuse on it. Bye-bye, Sonny pie.
Oh, man, this is too incredible. Also, you guys can sit around all day and be on the imaginary
bomb squad. And now you've got to blow us up here and there. I mean, there is just no end of this
government. But of course, it's their whole business. It's a human sacrifice. Our ancestors
used to sacrifice people believing it made the harvest be better. And now they just blow stuff
up and I would imagine they're like, here, Sonny, sit on my duffle bag for me. Okay, mister, so they
can kill the little kid and use them all over the nose. I mean, of course, they want to kill you
with vaccines anyways, why not kill you now? So we'll get everybody's take on that. And again,
I've been trying to get Dan Badani on, but his Skype's been up and down. So we'll get a,
oh, he's back. Dan, we're going to break here in a minute, but I'll bring you back and then take
calls and then go to Mr. Hagman ahead of Stuart Rhodes popping in Oath Keepers to get his take
on this. But Joel Skalzen says false flag. I mean, how could it not be? This is so ridiculous now.
And we're just waiting for the other shoe to drop, the right wing Patsy, they're going to try to
blame. They're already trying to mix the term right wing in with Al-Qaeda, the group that's
completely Islamophobic. Dan, good job getting your question into the governors and others.
No doubt you shut down their press conferences. What can you tell us about behind the scenes,
Dan Badani? Since I asked a question and I asked it again, and they would not answer the question,
and I got the look of death from every federal agency that was there, the government officials,
everything. And I knew right away I had to grab my camera quick as soon as the press conference is
over because the woman gets right on the stage all this to the end of the press conference and
everybody gives me the look of death. So I grabbed my equipment and I jetted right out of there.
But I mean, it was crazy. I mean, it's like the first question out and all of a sudden they call
the press conference. It's cuz you put them on a stand, you oppose them with real questions,
and all of a sudden the mainstream media don't like it because- Well, that's why I hired you,
is because you are fearless. And I know you get homesick with, go see your son and your
family, everybody back in Rhode Island. But as an East Coast reporter, the reports you file every
week are just phenomenal. And we're hiring more editors so soon we can get more of your reports
out. You sent us the raw footage, but great job, Dan. Tell us about more behind the scenes.
When I got there, I mean, right away, I mean, I seen armored vehicles driving by,
I got pictures I sent to do, and I got a video I'm gonna be posting soon. I was found actually
the military and the police that were going from in the alleyways, from looking at people's cars
into the garages with automatic assault weapons and just looking for bombs and everything else.
Oh, yeah, the bombs they planted. The military is now taking over the area. And the news is
they are in control and they are running the investigation. We're just learning,
oh, the military's here, totally illegal, but they'll keep us safe from those bombs, Dan.
Tell us more of what you've witnessed there in Boston. We've been reporting since yesterday
afternoon, Dan Badandi, Infowars.com reporter. And again, look at Infowars on the cutting edge
of the reporting. We'll also give you an update on some of the latest breaking news
that's up at drugsreport.com. We're gonna get to your phone calls, and then Doug Hagman,
and then at about 40 after via phone, we're gonna have Stuart Rhodes of Oath Keepers on,
jam-packed third hour right now.
A little over a year ago, I began to do a lot of research into why, even if I had a pretty good
sized meal, that I was still starving. And my research led me to a well-known fact that
most of the soils that we grow our crops on here in the United States and across the industrialized
world are almost completely depleted of almost all of the key minerals and trace elements that
our bodies need to rebuild themselves, fight off cancer, and be healthy. I then searched out the
best vitamin and mineral company out there and discovered Young Jevity. The Young Jevity products
are designed to give you the real nutrition you need. And once you've got that, you don't have
to eat as much to be satisfied. I've lost 37 pounds in two months simply getting the vitamins
and minerals I need. Check it out for yourself. It's incredible. Go to InfowarsTeam.com today
and order your first canister of Beyond Tangy Tangerine complete multivitamin mineral complex
dietary supplement. That's InfowarsTeam.com. Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration
in one system, portable, on the go. No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce
sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95%
of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white
ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all
in one filter element. It is the only one that does it and out of the gates. We have it discounted
at 10% off with promo code water. This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove
pesticides, herbicides, chloramines, ammonia, and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common
form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro Pure with the new Pro One filters today at InfowarsTeam.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers. The prognosis for the entire planetary
economic system runs from bad to worse. The globalist model is to shut down societies and
starve patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover. That's why we've assembled the
most vital and important preparedness items at InfowarsShop.com. These are items that I did
research on that I personally use. We've got the life straw so you can turn fetid water into safe
water anywhere you go. The Ktor hand crank generator to charge up key equipment during
power outages or out in the field. Strategic relocation third edition by Joel Skousen. When
disaster strikes by Matthew Stein. TheraSafe used by Homeland Security to protect yourself during
any radiological event. Hand crank shortwave AM-FM radios. Everything that we've researched
and found to be the best is available at InfowarsShop.com and your purchase makes
our info war possible. We're getting prepared. Are you? InfowarsShop.com.
There's a need for a new world order, but it has different characteristics
in different parts of the world. Live from Austin, Texas, broadcasting worldwide, it's Alex Jones.
We are now eight minutes into the
third hour here today and we are tracking the tragic 100 plus dead, 100 injured, three dead
there at the Boston Marathon. But my only point is not a clip of this coming up in a few minutes
as Obama says, if it's a bomb and it kills civilians, it's terrorism, which I tend to
agree. But when our military working for the globalist goes in and kills a million plus
Iraqis with sanctions and bombs and weapons in the last 15 years, Madeline Albright doesn't
deny it. She says it's a good price to pay. And I've seen cases where they've killed over 200
people with a predator drone, a wedding, 1000 pound, 2000 pound bomb to get one bad guy who
hasn't been convicted. And there's really no proof. And look, our government runs Al-Qaeda
in Libya and Syria and gives them 10,000 heat seeking missiles, they run Al-Qaeda.
And then they'll kill a whole family. And I'll see the video on Pakistani TV, blood everywhere,
arms, legs. You try to show that, they will kick you off YouTube. You cover that, you're a traitor.
Because you're not supposed to personalize those people. Back in the day of Walter Cronkite,
they'd show a naked eight year old Vietnamese girl running down a path, a rice paddy with her
skin hanging off from napalm. But now they won't show it. They'll show all the fake violence,
zombies, murder, death, the most horrific up close stuff. But that's simulated killing,
which conditions you to not care. But if it's the real thing, you're not supposed to see it.
You're not supposed to even see the flag draped coffins of our dead troops.
You're supposed to just say you're patriotic, but then once they actually get back,
treat them like garbage. There are troops all over Boston and other major cities,
not just here but worldwide, all part of the security theater. And again, 400 troops,
checkpoints, a drill, and it didn't protect anybody. It didn't protect anybody.
So now they're saying we're gonna have TSA and troops everywhere in America.
Will that protect you? And again, they sold billions of dollars of robots to local,
Austin bought a couple multimillion dollar robots for the coming bombing. We will be bombed,
they said. I guess if they hyped it enough, mentally ill people might actually try to do it.
And then they pull you over and say this Tannerite you had for your shooting show is a bomb.
I bought it at the local store. Well, you're going to jail anyways.
Or you've got black powder for black powder hunting. We're gonna take you to jail. Or
look, you have jumper cables, pipe bombs. I mean, this is the new hysteria of bombs, bombs,
when you got three people dead. What's the latest? Over 100 injured and how many have died?
It's three, right? I'm going from memory. Real quick, Dan Badandi, our reporter that took over
both press conferences and they canceled the press conferences because he was asking real
questions about, hey, what about the drill? And they're like, there was no drill, Sonny.
Even though the drills are admitted, that's a big deal. Then we're going to your phone calls
and then to Doug Hagman. Go ahead and make your points there, Dan, on what else you saw
while you're there in Boston. Well, I talked to a lot of the athletes
who participated in the event and they had the same scenario if they heard or seen the bomb.
They said the first thing, the first one they thought was just a fire wreck or something.
Then when a second one went off, that's when they knew there was something wrong.
And I mean, you had the massive police state that was already there. That's gonna make you question
one thing. I know it's a big event. People say they asked behind security, no doubt. But
for them to be having drills, then local 15 reported that there was announcements
being made moments before the bombs went off to tell people to remain calm.
But you didn't hear that. You didn't hear that. You didn't see that. You didn't build that.
And you didn't hear that stuff because the government knows what's best for you. And
this is showing true signs of a false flag. I mean, I'm calling false flag all over.
Yeah, cuz people notice them placing the big duffel bag bombs to be homemade to whoever drugged
up Patsy. They've got to blame it on them. And it's like, nevermind this. Ma'am, can your son
shit on the duffel bag? This is only a drill. Hug the bag. Marines are trained to jump on the
hand grenade. And absolutely, this thing, they ran the anthrax attack. That later came out.
They ran 7-7. That was drills. It's the same thing, Dan. Other points that you'd like to add?
Well, the points, too, I wanna make real quick. It's in kind of relation to this.
The first US nuclear power plant to be formally tested for a terrorist attack plan. This is
reported by the Patriot News Central Pennsylvania News, as they are saying today.
Yeah, NBC News, Three Mile Island to conduct hostile action drill. Yes, everyone's, but who
stands to gain? Who wants the funding for the police state takeover? Who stands to gain? Who
has the motive? Who's been caught doing this before? Well, absolutely, the FBI. I mean,
how many times do they have their hand in the pot and actually giving bombs to the so-called
terrorists, coaching them, being in relations with them for a couple years just to get them,
give them the firearms or whatever they needed. Then that last minute they come in as the saviors,
even though they gave them the gun. Absolutely, absolutely. In fact, I have the New York Times
article from April 28th last year, terrorist plots hatched by the FBI document cam on this.
Thank you, guys. And it goes through the fact that they create completely fake terror groups
and try to let them then carry out the bombings like the first World Trade Center bombing was
a FBI operation. New York Times, but the media says Alex claims the FBI has hatched plots.
Now, it's been admitted in court. Here it is, your precious New York Times. Go ahead, sir.
And right away, right away, they made the announcement that the FBI is taking over
the investigation. And I knew that was gonna happen in the first place. And it was just like,
they were already there. I mean, it was just like all the points we already said, just like 9-11,
just like Oklahoma City, just like Waco. It's just like one after another. I mean,
we how many times, Alex, have you told people, show government documents, Army field manuals
about staging false flag terror. But yet, people still denying it and say,
oh, there's no such thing as false flag terror when it's right in their faces by their own
government. By the way, I saw the footage of you asking the governor, could this be a false flag,
notice he knew what that was, to take our liberties. And he looked like a bad guy,
a Dr. Evil, a black Dr. Evil, totally freaking out and staring at you.
And then they shut the conference down, because the question freaked him out so bad. You had the
first question, and they had hundreds of press there ready to fawn on these people, and they
shut it down and look completely panicked. They looked completely guilty, guilty as sin that
they've been told to shut up. Well, absolutely, and Ingrid shows guilt right there. When you're
ignorant, you're showing guilt. I mean, now you got the look of death. And all the way till they
left the room, I'm pounding them. What about the drills? What about the, is this a false flag
terror? And I called it how I've seen it. And just the look on the FBI's face, I mean,
I wish I could put the camera in that guy's face. I mean, the FBI agent at the time there
just gave me this look like if it looks like a kill, I would have been annihilated.
And it was crazy. Well, you're right. And again, well, we're rolling some video here of the
governor at the press conference after you asked your question. And there's more footage of it.
In fact, I was seeing a widescreen of it earlier. He looks so upset and so shifty eye in the close
up shots of this. Dan, I tell you, you're doing a great job and God bless you. We'll keep reporting,
upload them to your Info Wars YouTube channel, and we'll air them here on the main radio show.
God bless you. Great job. Be safe. Thank you. I want to get to some calls ahead of Doug Hagman
and his intel on this. And then Stuart Rhodes just got off an airplane, is getting to a position
to be able to call in for for Oath Keepers. He's on his way to Boston right now. But yeah,
there's the close up footage of the governor acting completely shifty eyed whenever Badandi
asked this question. We're going to go ahead now and go to some of the calls that have been
holding so long. I appreciate people holding Craig and Mash, former police. What is your take
on this whole thing, sir? Hi, Alex. How are you? Great job. I think you're right with the false
flag theory. Yesterday, they unveiled the Homeland Security vehicles with millions, all black.
And what were the Sandy Hook parents sitting in the grandstands across about 50 yards up
from the explosion? Why did they have to bring them into it? I think there's a right.
Oh yeah, I mean, they went too far. They got greedy on this, how they choreographed it. I
mean, did they have Steven Spielberg running this? We know they had Jerry Bruckheimer running the
fake private lunch rescue that actually came out. I mean, yeah, this is just over. I mean,
anybody who's got a brain can see the script and go ahead.
On immediately and says it's if it's a group and he sort of had a look in his eyes like,
you know, there's something he's going to make something else of it. Another thing, Alex,
in Massachusetts, all the police vehicles are black and they're becoming standardized.
When you see them now, you don't even know what town you're in. There's a badge,
a greatest badge on the door of each of these vehicles and they're worth tons, millions.
No, that's Homeland Security. They tell you what it has to look like. And it's a secret police
and they're making local police federalized. I mean, we're in a lot of trouble. And the
training manuals, the stuff that they the stuff that they give the police now is like a joke.
I mean, it's so over the top that obviously the feds are the bad guys. But hey, they're saying
Christian gun owners are the new enemy. Worse than Al-Qaeda. What's worse than Al-Qaeda? Christians.
You're right. But one quick thing. As far as the police takeover, I was a law enforcement for
years. I'm retired, but they're our brothers, sisters, sons, aunts, daughters. When the day
comes, when they're supposed to turn on us, most of them are going to lay down their weapons and
they're not going to do it. And I'm just praying that that day comes when it comes. I hope it
doesn't, that they lay down their weapons and support their brothers and sisters, Americans
like you, me and millions of other people listening. And I want to tell you, I stick
info.com stickers on polls in my town. I make them up with magic. And I'm spreading the word
out here in Massachusetts. It's a communist state and I'm ready to move out to the, can I tell you
a quick story real quick? I was out in the Southwest. I don't want to say the state visit
of my son out near you. I was coming back with my wife. I was at Sky Harbor Airport. It was 10 30
at night. I saw a guy with a yellow FAA vest taking pictures of a license plate illegally
parked. So I had my camera, which I like taking pictures. I took a picture near him. He'd come
over to me and said, why did you take that picture? And I said, you know why I took the picture?
Because I wanted to, and this is still America. And he, and then he says, well, why were you taking
the picture up here? I says, cause I like architecture. I took a picture of the over
bridge, like the walkway. And I thought that my wife said, what the heck was that?
Oh no, no. Everything is about how we're guilty, but they never are. When most of the perpetrators
are the false flag insiders. And that's just a historical fact. They're like, how dare you
look at me? Well, you have the motive. You have the history. You've done it over and over again.
Absolutely. It's incredible. God bless you, sir. More calls coming up and we've
got special guests joining us. Don't throw away leftovers. Instead,
throw all your leftovers, vegetable peels, eggshells, coffee grounds, pizza crusts,
and more into the Bokashi. If you love to garden and compost, but don't like the hassle of turning
a compost bin or the smell, then check out the EM Bokashi Food Waste Recycling System
from Terriganics. Finally, a way to recycle all your food and plant waste safely and effectively
and stop using fertilizers. The EM Bokashi Food Waste Recycling System. Rather than decomposition,
the Bokashi system uses fermentation to break down waste. So it takes less time to create
nutrient-dense humus for crops or gardens with no turning and no obnoxious odors. To learn more
and order your Bokashi online, visit Terriganics.com and click on the orange button. That's
Terriganics.com, spelled T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X.com or call 866-369-3678. That's 866-369-3678. Recycle
all your food wastes in about six weeks with the Bokashi Food Waste Recycling System from
Terriganics.com. Terriganics. Life's getting better. In the last two years alone, the U.S.
has seen huge losses to our food supply. In 2011, storms and floods raged across the U.S.,
costing us $20 billion in lost crops alone. In 2012, we saw the largest drought in the country
in more than 50 years. You may think out of sight, out of mind, and so you don't think you will be
affected. The fact is you are. We all are. Food shortages drive prices up for everyone. You might
not be able to control Mother Nature, but you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and
availability of your food supply with eFoods Direct. Be prepared before you need it with
nutrient-dense food you can store for up to 25 years. You can hope for the best, but hope won't
feed you. Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best, durable foods out there from
eFoods Direct. Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex,
and check out their spring specials. Again, that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web
at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex. You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
On the average, Americans work between 45 to 50 years hoping to build up enough wealth to retire
and live out their golden years. Unfortunately, with taxation, the rising cost of food, energy,
housing, and medical, many retirees are forced to live below the poverty line. Is this a flaw
for the enterprise, or is our monetary unit we call the Federal Reserve Note forcing us into
perpetual debt, ensuring inflation and higher taxes? These questions and more can be answered
by reading G. Edward Griffin's book, The Creature from Jekyll Island. Congressman Ron Paul states,
it's what every American needs to know about central bank power, a gripping adventure into
the secret world of international banking cartel. Hi, this is Ted Anderson. I will give a silver
dollar from the early 1900s to anyone who purchases this book. Call 1-800-686-2237
and order a copy today. It's critical that the public be made aware of the system.
Call and order your copy today at 1-800-686-2237. That's 1-800-686-2237.
Do you suffer from low functioning adrenal or thyroid gland? Did you know that mercury from
your dental fillings comes off your teeth both as a vapor and as metal particles into your body?
Wherever mercury deposits in your body, it stops cells from functioning normally. Animal studies
show that mercury causes kidney function to drop by 60%. Mercury deposited into your adrenals or
thyroid will cause a corresponding drop in function. The number one method by which your
body detoxifies itself of mercury is glutathione. The number one superfood that helps turn on all
75 trillion cells of your body to produce glutathione is non-denatured whey protein
from grass-fed cows. After investigating most high-end whey proteins on the market, only one
is the most non-denatured, the most active, the most complete, and in our opinion, the most
powerful in what nature originally put into the fresh raw whey. It is One World Whey. Call
888-988-3325. That's 888-988-3325. Or visit oneworldwhey.com. That's oneworld-w-h-e-y.com.
Alex Jones here back live and when the official radio show ends here in about 35 minutes,
I'm going into overdrive that some stations carry with Oath Keepers founder, Stuart Rhodes,
constitutional lawyer, veteran. He's on his way to Boston for the 19th event and they're trying
to blame it on domestic groups as you know right now. Regardless, they're missing the term al-Qaeda
with conservative now or libertarian because we oppose the unconstitutional things that are
happening. We're gonna go to Doug Hagman of the Northeast Intelligence Network who did a great
job on Coast to Coast AM last night breaking all this down. I'll be on for the full show tonight.
I know I don't work hard enough. We did 11 hours yesterday and I got about five hours sleep and
I'm doing this and then I'm doing Coast to Coast but wild horses couldn't drag me away. If I'm
gonna risk my life for liberty, I'm gonna go 110%. That doesn't mean sometimes I'm not gonna be
making mistakes or stumbling around in the great exertion, but I'm on the field here.
Now, you just heard Joel Skalzen who I really respect saying clear false flag.
They are breathlessly on the news trying to tie it into Sandy Hook and domestic stuff.
Terror in Boston, Hagel, the SEC death, says Pentagon ready to violate posse commentatis,
they already are. So that roll out's happening. They're saying it's a positive to get the gun
bills passed cuz this diverts the political heat off of them. And Homeland Security being given
autonomous total takeover power, that's happening right now. This is perfect timing.
Big Sis said give me money or there'll be a terror attack and give us more power. I mean,
this is 101. Every time they're about to pass, more power, this happens. Obama insider admits
to link, attempts to link Boston bombing to tax day. Boston massacre, Obama looks to tax day for
right wing terror explanation. Family Guy episode predicts Boston Marathon attack.
Boston Marathon bombing, who do they plan to blame? Eyewitness authorities must have known about
bombing. Official story unraveling from Boston Marathon bombing. That's all at prisonplanet.com,
our backup auxiliary site and infowars.com. And we have the free video feeds and audio feeds
at infowars.com forward slash Twitter. And please follow us at Real Alex Jones on Twitter.
I'm gonna tweet right now. Guys, I was charging my phone. Will somebody bring it in, please?
I'm gonna tweet right now that video link for your friends and family so you can send it out
to folks so they can tune in. Cuz we're gonna be live now right till about eight or nine tonight.
We're gonna run a rebroadcast for an hour or so so we can take a break here. But we're gonna be
live continually here, so infowars.com forward slash. Listen, and when Sha'Carri Jackson and
them are in here, they'll cover news for 30 minutes. They'll take an hour or two of your calls.
So heavy calls coming up. We're going to break here in a moment for the rest of the hour.
Doug Hagman will be with us. Sorry, I've gone to my guest a little late today.
You start going a little late to each guest and it builds up by the end.
But Doug, the most devastating evidence is that Rob Dew, my news director, constantly
argues with his defense intelligence brother-in-law, who is actually pretty high up in it.
And he's on the Army Marathon team, and he can run 24 miles in his sleep. He was running,
he was pretty much fine, and they came over and said, you're dehydrated, we're pulling you out.
Cuz he was up towards the front, coming up to the finish line right before all this happened.
They're running drills, all of this. Hagman, what is your latest intel from the Northeast
Intelligence Network? You're up there, you have the best sources on the East Coast.
You said Monday, Obama's about to double down imminent terror attack, and you were right.
So here you are.
Well, thanks, Alex. And I gotta tell you this. According to my sources,
there's just so much to this that we're not hearing, that we may never hear about.
But I think you've done a great job in breaking things down here. You've got
various situations that mirror historical terrorist attacks here in this country.
And one thing that I was really concerned about is, with all of the accusations of saying, well,
you can't really say this is a false flag attack, or you can't really conclude anything.
While that might be a true statement today, are we wrong? Are we wrong? Are we wrong?
Are we wrong to be a little bit jaded or a little bit gun-shy about what we're seeing here with
respect to this incident? The fact that this appears to fit a certain template that we've
seen in the past with the training drills, even the prior warnings with the dogs,
the explosive sniffing dogs, the extreme police presence, the drills, so on and so forth.
I don't think we're wrong to question the facts at all or to question the motives at all,
especially over the last 24 hours when you have, as you've pointed out,
the axle rods and the others coming out and saying, hey, wait a minute,
this could very well be a patriot-related attack.
They were saying it within one hour.
Exactly, exactly. So everything's the agenda on that side.
There's no real Tea Party person that would blow up people at that.
They'd attack the UN or something. We'll be right back.
Why does nobody ever do that, by the way? We'll be right back.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
If you want an American company with American products
made by Americans, here is the Cal Ben Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth-friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091
for a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice
as good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms. But if you don't have a home security
system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're
sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's
a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power, so even if the grid
goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit, or shed. Getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is also ridiculously
easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property 24 hours
a day, seven days a week. Again, that's getsimplisafe.com. In the last two years alone,
the U.S. has seen huge losses to our food supply. In 2011, storms and floods raged across the U.S.,
costing us $20 billion in lost crops alone. In 2012, we saw the largest drought in the
country in more than 50 years. You may think out of sight, out of mind, and so you don't
think you will be affected. The fact is, you are. We all are. Food shortages drive prices
up for everyone. You might not be able to control mother nature, but you can control your food
prices by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply with eFoods Direct. Be
prepared before you need it with nutrient dense food you can store for up to 25 years.
You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you. Do what I've done and get your own supply
of the best durable foods out there from eFoods Direct. Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the
web at efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex and check out their spring specials. Again,
that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
Crashing through the lies and disinformation, it's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
We're going back to our guest Doug Hagman of the Northeast Intelligence Network here in just
a moment, Chuck in Boston. And you're noticing the FBI saying, give us all your footage just
like Oklahoma City, don't give it to the media. But he's saying he saw cops with backpacks,
and that's exactly what the bombs were in. And again, they were running a drill,
people saw stuff that was making them suspicious and they'd say, it's just a drill, nevermind.
I would imagine, by the way, Sonny, can you sit on this bag for me? I'm an officer,
here's a lollipop. I mean, I'm telling you, that's how sick this is, and they could be firing
who knows what. And it could be Islamic, could be fake, could be real. I mean,
they're trying to blame it on the Tea Party. We're going back to Hagman in a minute
with his connections out there on the East Coast. But Chuck, what did you see?
Hi, Alex. Yes, sir, tell us what you saw.
Yeah, I appreciate what you're doing. I can't talk too long. I got out of Boston as quickly
as I could. I was in at the 13 mile marker for the race. I was walking from a restaurant over
to me and my friend. And what I saw was they caught my eye, it was a cop. And I disguised,
I sent the video to the UN. Forget the press, forget the FBI, I sent it to the UN.
Whoever they are, the world military, whatever the hell they are. And I put it on YouTube,
I disguised it. And the name is 9-11 Liars Club. I disguised it as a 9-11 video,
because it's all connected as conspiracies. But-
Okay, okay, tell me the name of the video on YouTube and we'll pull it up. Say it again
clearly. 9-11 Liars Club, I disguised it as that. But what I saw was a state trooper in his car,
unmarked. He had his gun exposed, so he's obviously a cop. And pulling it back, a knapsack,
a backpack, and put it into the baby carriage. And I said, what, this ain't right. I zoomed in
on Alexa's plate and everything. And I caught him on video putting the second one in the baby carriage.
And I gotta go, I don't trust this.
All right, that caller sounded a little bit sarcastic, and maybe I'm wrong reading the
voice. But you open the phones up, you're gonna get some of that stuff. A lot of people that are
working for The Globalist also think it's funny to make all this a joke. It's gonna be funny when
they take your private pension fund and go ahead and drink that fluoride and give your kid all the
shots. You don't do that. It's just for the rest of us, it's all a big joke. And maybe that guy
wasn't bad, but that sounded like somebody reading a script. That's what Skousen said he thought was
going on earlier too. And if the guy's wrong, I'm wrong, but that sounded like it was just designed
to be paranoid. You hear these ads that I don't condone going, you better go to this site or
you're basically dead. I'm saying we need to get informed and involved or the evil will take over,
and then we're enslaved. I'm not like we're screwed, get ready. It's like we can turn
this around. But a lot of callers coming in, we've got Trish in New York, Families Military,
John in Washington Army, Bill in Indiana, bombings related, Dean, Army, Billy, we'll get to all of
you. But let me just shut up so Doug Hagman of the Northeast Intelligence Network can get his points
out. What are you hearing? What are you seeing out of this? The police saying there wasn't a drill,
but the drill's on record. What's your take on this? What are you hearing?
A couple of things. The training drill did happen as it was initially reported. And by the way,
I talked to my source from the DHS this morning, and his reply to that training drill was,
how safe does that make you feel even if things went off exactly as the government stated,
where you had a real live training drill or a real live security force there with dogs
checking for explosives, finding none? How safe do you feel now? How well did that work out for
you? That was number one. But more disconcerting than that, Alex, as of this morning when I talked
to my source, he did say that this was an opening salvo of additional attacks of this nature that
he classified in his terminology as diversionary attacks, meaning false flag attacks, at least
that's what I got out of that statement. So what I think what we're seeing here based on the most
current information I've got is this is not the end of anything. This is the beginning of a more
deadly, perhaps, a series of attacks. We're seeing the beginning of a, well, it could even be a wag
with dogs scenario, but a beginning of a campaign to demonize, further demonize the conservative
base, to further demonize the people that are patriots. And the fact that this happened on
patriot's day should be lost on no one. The fact that there are other issues related to
Boston and freedom should be lost on no one. Clearly, and again, based on my source,
I think the most important, if I can say nothing else today for today's broadcast is expect more
and look at these as diversions. And that's pretty frightening as far as I'm concerned.
Well said, and I did confirm that last caller was a disinformation operative
who's doing a pathetic job, by the way, what he's promoting as 421 views after a few years.
But it shows how desperate they are that we're being swarmed by trolls online at an unprecedented
level and on the videos and on air right now. They're very upset about the message we're
putting out. And I know you don't like to jump the gun, Doug, but I mean, come on.
I mean, come on. Every TV show demonizes patriots. Every channel, even Fox is saying it's probably
right wingers. Whether it turns out to be that or not, they're now mixing Al Qaeda and right wingers
like it's one thing. And it's just pure demonization when the globalists run Al Qaeda now.
I mean, that's not debated. So what does your gut tell you this is? And if your source,
who I've talked to, one of your sources, if your source says he has this information,
because I have my sources as well. I mean, if we don't know who's behind it,
then how do we know there's more? This is an opening salvo.
No, I totally agree with you on this. And even if someone, for example, even if a member of Al
Qaeda, as you rightfully point out that it's a creation of our intelligence agencies. Even if
that turns out to be true, well, number one, how do we know there's going to be more? I agree with
that. Number two, the fact that it could be Al Qaeda for the very reasons that they would state
their religious reasons. However, it's going to be exploited to demonize the patriots,
the patriots, the constitutional loving people and Christians. So it really-
Exactly, it might be real. It might be real terrorists that came over from Mexico.
They would cover it up and find some patriot to blame.
Oh, exactly. It's almost as if the facts don't matter. It's almost as if everyone is saying,
well, yeah, it's the patriots. It's because of this extreme ideology by the conservative base
in America that's causing the division in America, when in fact it is the progressive, communist,
globalist, one world order people that are causing this, that are creating an exacerbating
situations like this. Everything we've seen since, well, even before the last piece of glass
hit the pavement in Boston, everything we've seen is an attempt to demonize the very message
of ours, the patriotic, constitutional loving Christian conservative base in this country. So
expect more of this. And if this doesn't work, they'll do something else. But we have to
remember too, we're also involved in a three dimensional chess game here. We cannot look at
this just merely in the context of one event. This happened in the context of other fights,
constitutional rights being eroded, the gun grab confiscation taking place, our economic
just devastation that we have here. That's right. It's a smokescreen from everything
else they're doing. And meanwhile, Axelrod says it's probably the Tea Party doing it weekly
standard Young Turks, O'Reilly, slimeball Matthews, all of them. This just goes on and on.
Here's my point. This is why I said this was eminent. Again, every show says that patriots
are gonna murder you and your family and bomb public events with no evidence or history.
Clearly, they're gearing up to do it themselves and blame it on us. That's 101. That's 101.
And if they do try to say it's Al-Qaeda, everybody's gonna point out, well, why is NATO
arming Al-Qaeda then? So I don't see them going with that narrative. But I mean, maybe the public's
so stupid. Maybe they let Al-Qaeda in with a bunch of heat seeking missiles. They shoot down
airplanes and then they go, well, they got them in Libya and everybody's too dumb to get to know that
our government gave them to them. I mean, it's so simple. I mean, I guess the government just
stage a bunch of bombings, take over. I mean, it's real simple.
Well, I think, Alex, we're in the fight of our lives here. This is the end game. This is for all
the marbles. Our liberties are at stake. Our very way of life is at stake. We're seeing that bankers
rape, pillage, and plunder our bank accounts. That's how-
That's why you're seeing hyperventilating by all of the establishment authoritarians that say
they're leftist, going after the guns and everything and saying your kids belong to the
state. It's like they know something huge is coming and they're licking their chops with
arrogance. I mean, they are on real power trips and I hope they know we got hundreds of millions
of guns. We got the jump on you. We know you're terrorists. We know who you are. We know you're
scum. We know you hate us. I mean, I hope they understand that we know who they are.
And I think they do, which is why I think we're seeing the reactions that we're seeing.
I think that there's, in their mind, they are not leaving anything to chance. There's no
single point failure for them. And so we may see, in this multi-dimensional chess game,
we may see a terrorist attack like we saw yesterday, or an attack or a bombing like
we saw yesterday, and then something else take place over in another part of the world.
I mean, look, it's just like what we're seeing in North Korea. What's that all about? Well,
that's to divert our assets, military assets over there. Well, things are going to happen in the
Middle East. Everything is connected here. I was about to say oil, gold, Russia, Europe,
China, Japan getting in fights now, North Korea, Iran, putting Al-Qaeda in charge of all these
countries with Homeland Security and NATO. Everything is going like somebody hit the
dominoes. Basically, somebody tripped the dominoes and the game is in play now.
What is it building towards? Well, ultimately, I mean, we are a captured
operation. When we can't even have an intelligent conversation about current events, whether it's
about the pedigree of our current occupant of the White House or about what happened in Benghazi,
for example, we still haven't gotten any answers to Benghazi. How can we expect,
how can the average American expect to get the truth on something like what happened yesterday?
We can't. What's this all building to? This is all building to the ultimate
things that you talk about, this global domination. It's going to be a situation where
they're going to collapse our economy. I mean, this is how it's been told to me. Our economy
is going to be collapsed. It's a deliberate economic collapse of the dollar. We are going
to be essentially slaves subjugated to a one world global governance. And I know this is hard
to really fathom for some people. It was for me for a long time. But when you see the evidence
here, so the bottom line is this, everything that we're seeing is one step closer to the further
erosion of our liberties, to the further enslavement of not only us, but our children
and our grandchildren. And this is for all of the marbles. This is for the entire power structure
of the globe. Something happens here in the United States that further erodes our freedom. Something
happens in North Korea. Something happens in Syria. All of this is to a means to an end. And
the end is our total and complete subjugation and enslavement to a one world global system of
governance, which is why they've got to get rid of it. We can't have a police state and an armed
citizenry. It just doesn't work out well. So what we're seeing here are methods, are events
that will result in a further gun confiscation, further erosion of liberties. And if, for example,
Sandy Hook didn't do it, something else will. No single point failure on the part of those
coming after us. Yeah, and let's not forget, they staged fast and furious. They do stage false
flags. Even CBS reported they got the memos. They were planning to blame the Second Amendment and
say, hey, your guns are causing Mexico's problems when it wasn't our guns. And even when they got
caught, they still went forward with it. And I mean, you look at Aurora. I mean, that is open
and shut, classic MK Ultra, staged, drugged, DARPA program, Pentagon psychiatrist over him.
He's in a brain man interface, machine interface program, just like Theodore Kaczynski
was in MK Ultra. That's declassified. But no one ever goes, gee, why was the guy from MK Ultra the
reported Unabomber? Cuz the truth is they just set up these drugged out mind control guys to be
their cutouts to tell their radical anti-human story. I mean, it's just incredible how the
globalist- Hey, look, the CIA for 30 years, I believe it was 87 different universities,
millions upon millions of dollars, how many subjects were affected by this trauma-based mind
control? We've seen this. It's documented. You've pointed this out. So we do have these Aurora
shooters and other people. People think that this is conspiracy nonsense. I used to laugh at it and
think, oh my gosh, no, it can't be. But the documentation is out there for anyone to look at.
But I think the important point right now is this. We have to realize that we're in the fight
of our lives, that there are people who want to take control of us. This is part of their
operation. You've got David Axelrod, and that was a great article too, by Steve Watson. David
Axelrod coming out and saying, well, it could very well be a dispute over tax day, referring to the
bombing of yesterday. So at the end of the day, at the end of when it does come down to the motive,
it's going to be so watered down that people, all they're going to remember is Patriots Day,
tax day, bombing, that type of thing. And it's a trauma-based, this is where the trauma-based mind
control comes in and the use of the press to really- No, no, that's it. They're the ones
engaged in the trauma-based mind control, milking Sandy Hook, milking Aurora, milking this to divert
us from the 85 billion a month that's transferred to offshore banks. And if you look at all the
thousands of declassified tests, some of which had thousands of programs within them, or incidences
where they would kill foster kids, veterans, troops, towns, white people, black people,
they don't care. Of course they would stage something like this, criminal globalist elements,
because they like doing this as well. And now images of troops with machine guns everywhere
bugging their eyes out at people, as if 400 troops checkpoints didn't stop this. In fact,
it's probably the people running the checkpoints that brought this to you. I mean, it's so
elementary and I think more and more people are, do you think it shook them up that we
had a reporter take over both press conferences? You know what, I don't know anymore.
I defer to you on that. I really don't know, but all I know is this. I think that we're,
we are the intended recipients of the shock and awe campaign, this military psyops campaign,
this campaign of extreme disinformation, and disinformation is the key here. You've got people
that are in the media that are working for the globalists. You've got the people that are
performing these press conferences that are obviously working for the globalists.
Absolutely. We are so infiltrated. That's why they shut down both press conferences.
Homelandsecurityus.com is the website, homelandsecurityus.com.
Doug Hagman, thank you so much for the time. We'll talk to you and get updates very, very soon.
All right, stay with us. We're going to get the head of keepers on straight ahead.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms, but if you don't have a home security system,
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out Simply Safe.
It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to get simply safe.com. Simply Safe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business,
boat, trailer, storage unit or shed. Get simply safe.com.
Simply Safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes.
So there's no need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate,
you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home, but Simply Safe
will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again,
that's get simply safe.com. Hello, this is Ty Bollinger, author of the best selling book
Cancer Step Outside the Box. I want you to know some very important information.
In 1985, President Ronald Reagan requested that Carnivora be sent directly to the White House
at a time when only the president could obtain this world class healer.
Now, 27 years later, Carnivora capsules are used around the world to keep people healthy.
Now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in this age of superbugs with 17 naturally
occurring compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal cells only without harming a single
normal cell. If you want to stay healthy, now's your chance to literally wake up your critical
immune cells to attack harmful invaders that don't belong in your body. Call 1-866-Venus-Fly
or order from Carnivora.com. That's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A.com. That's 1-866-836-8735,
1-866-Venus-Fly or visit Carnivora.com. Protect your immune system. It's the only one you've got.
Have a 20-year shelf life and huge portions. Over twice the serving size of some competitors' meals.
Oregon Trail Foods and 30dayfoodsupply.com keep prices low by buying direct from producers in
Oregon and then pass the savings on to you. Purchase a 30-day, 90-serving emergency food
supply for only $99 this month and $10 ships your entire order to the lower 48. Call 541-673-6666
or visit 30dayfoodsupply.com where they make preparedness affordable.
I am a Midwest farmer. I make a living off the land. I ride a John Deere tractor. I'm a liberated
man. The rain hasn't fallen since the middle of July. And if it don't come soon, my crops will die.
Bankman says he likes me. Bankman says he likes me, but there's nothing he can do. He tells me
that he's coming, but the clouds are coming too. He ain't my friend. He ain't my friend. And I'll
ride again. And I'll ride again. All right, that's enough of that great high-wowing music.
Monday through Friday, 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. is the official transmission,
but when this hour ends, we will go to video and audio streams that are already up and running
free for everybody at infowars.com forward slash listen. And then the nightly news at
seven o'clock will be regrouped and ready. Then I'll do coast to coast a.m. tonight
for three hours on the globalist master takeover plan. But undoubtedly, I'm going to be able to
spend some time on this. We'll have more tonight. So that's, I don't know, 560 something radio
stations across the country. So that'll certainly be a powerful one, two punch coast to coast a.m.
dot com. I want to take some phone calls right now. I've got some other special reports I'm
going to play and a recap of all this before I throw it at 20 after to Jocari Jackson and David
Knight. And then it'll be Rob Doods, Jocari Jackson and David Knight, but Rob Dood leading
it on the nightly news seven o'clock central. And that's all available free at infowars.com
forward slash listen with our continued 24 hour coverage. And by the way, our AM and FM affiliates
are welcome. Any of the shows out there that come on after is to take an eclipse from the shows or
any of the feeds tonight that you feel like carrying that will be available at the free
streams in even high quality. We also have low res as well for people that don't have good internet
connections and info wars dot com forward slash listen. And again, if you follow us on Twitter,
you can find all that information right there. But I'm going to punch out for a few hours is
to save my voice so I can do coast to coast a.m. tonight because by the time I was into like
11th hour of transmission yesterday and barking orders behind the scenes,
I had no voice by nine o'clock last night. But a rascal always I can start to feel it
even now, starting to get a little bit even. Again, I don't do a Clint Eastwood voice on
purpose. Go ahead, punk. Make my day. My name's Bill Clinton. I didn't have sex
with that lady. I always tell you the truth. And in your firearms, it's not that I want to enslave
you or anything. It's just that we're buying a lot more guns. We like to be the only ones that
have them over at Mina at the airport where we fly the narcotics in. So that's basically all
I wanted to say to you. How's that sound? OK. Again, I know we got a bunch of callers,
I'll get to you and then I will get to these video clips, but John. And then.
Others that are patiently holding Trish, Bill, Dean and Billy, I'll get to all of you
and a little day sometimes on air and make jokes because I'm tired and I start singing along with
Willie Nelson and then, you know, everything else goes out the window and will also review the
latest up at DrudgeReport.com. I say that because I want to go over and see what's being covered.
Yeah, explosives made of pressure cookers. Roommate speaks out about Saudi National
being questioned by FBI. Well, if Saudi the Saudis did it, we have to spin the globe
and then just randomly pick a country like Iraq and attack it like maybe maybe the Pentagon
can nuke Canada. If Saudi Arabia is involved in this again, we'll just attack another random
country like like Luxembourg or something or or or or maybe Mexico or lawmakers question
trusted status for Saudi travelers after Boston. Congressmen are just caution on immigration.
Muslim Brotherhood leader points to conspiracy behind bombing.
Two men speaking Arabic escorted off plane. It just goes on and on. Witness recount war
zone at Marathon. Warning, graphic content. That's some of the stuff there. We're covering
it all at Infowars.com. Thank you for listening.
Infowars.com forward slash listen. Send that to your friends and family.
I believe the bankers are our friends. I had tried everything. I'd cut back the
amount of food I was eating. I was lifting weights and jogging, but nothing was working.
My body was literally starving for minerals and trace elements as well as key vitamins.
And as soon as I had that, I immediately could eat half of what I was eating previously and
be satisfied. Now, there are hundreds of great products at Infowars.com, but I want to point
out the three that have helped me lose thirty seven pounds in just two months. Products like
Beyond Tangy Tangerine, Holland Burst and Rebound. When I started taking the Tangy
Tangerine and other products every day, I lost more than thirty seven pounds in just two months.
Now that's results. I want to challenge my listeners to go to Infowarsteam.com and order
just three of their products. And you will see the changes in the way you look, feel and in your
appetite almost immediately. Start your journey to health and wellness today. Infowarsteam.com.
Coast to coast, direct from Austin. You're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
Network. Big brother, mainstream media, government coverups. You want answers? Oh,
boy. Well, so does he. He's Alex Jones. Welcome back. On the GCN Radio Network.
Two o'clock Central. Live from Austin, Texas. Alex Jones. Part of our continual coverage.
Look at drugs report dot com. We need more cameras. I remember a couple of years ago,
like eight, nine years ago, a two billion dollar Homeland Security grant to put cameras up all
over Boston. I mean, it's the finishing line of the of the biggest sporting events in the world.
And they're saying they don't have enough cameras. You know, what we need is
if you're watching us on TV, we do not need more cameras on representative Peter King,
who looks like the bride of Frankenstein. He looks like a pasty like a hell raiser.
Like you put him in a leather outfit, like a big zipper. You know, down the front of him.
And that's a hell raiser creature right there, ladies and gentlemen. I mean, I'm sorry. It looks
like he's been to hell to look at those eyes, shark eyes, one way eyes like there's nothing behind it.
Peter King, who, by the way, wants your guns, but but but he's a good Republican,
he gets to keep his bodyguards. Hey, buddy, why don't you move to North Korea?
How's that sound? And there's all sorts of jitters, LaGuardia terminal,
evacuated over a suspicious package. But meanwhile, the borders are wide open.
And the reporters all just, oh, my God, the terrorists are going to get his own
homeland. Take me away. Save me. Never thinking it could be homeland that's doing it.
John in Washington, and we're gonna go to everybody else. John, thanks for holding
your on the air. Hey, how's it going, Alex? First time caller. I've been listening to
your show for a little while now. And just because you got a great show, man.
Well, thank you, sir. I've served in the army for over 20 years. And I can tell you that,
from my experience, I, you know, go back to 1995 to 97, the first time I served in Saudi Arabia,
and we were doing anti terrorism training, man, counterterrorism training. And since then,
I've been to a few more courses throughout the world. A couple places that you know,
I really can't talk about. But when Iraq broke off, and the first time I saw a, you know,
suicide bomber, I was like, man, I've seen these vests before. And I couldn't really place it. But
I remember, you know, going through training back in 95 96 in Saudi Arabia, and you know,
it was right around the Khobar tower bombing, because there was a bombing in November 2003.
I mean, in 90, November of 95. In Riyadh, it was a car bomb. And then it was unsuccessful. And then
in 96 is when you know, the Khobar towers blew up in it, you know, skyrocketed all of the anti
terrorism training just went up from there. But I can tell you that everything that we do,
it leads up to a training event. And these training events culminate with some kind of
joint task force training. And if you look right now, I think that's what's happening. You know,
I think you put your finger right on it, you got joint exercises going on all around the world.
Yeah, so they integrate the military in with the police, they start federalizing the police,
the special event police, then the general police, you standardize the codes, the cars,
the equipment, the training, and you have total federalization. And the feds themselves are
globalist. And so it's full globalization. It's a UN UNESCO policy, right through the
federal government into a new hyper afraid nanny state, surveilling everyone and disappearing
people off into government spider holes. Ultra creepy. Homeland Security, though,
has a new website. Learn how DHS helps keep our nation safe by putting al-Qaeda in charge in
Libyan Syria, and GOP moves to prop up Obamacare. Of course, the big banks wrote it. I mean, of
course, GOP fast tracks bill to fortify Obamacare. I mean, this is so sick. And I told you, that's
why we're in so much trouble. It's not just the Democrats are pure evil. The Republicans are just
a fake loyal opposition. How do we get around something like that? A whole synthetic reality.
Well, there's a lot of people in the military that I know, friends of mine that, you know,
they don't, you know, they don't buy into all of the, you know, the BS that goes on. I mean,
you see it every day. I mean, you've been through numerous joint training exercises.
I mean, we even train ourselves to act like the terrorists. So like you got,
you got opposing forces, you got your out for the facts, just like the terrorist elements,
you know, along with, you know, I want to hear more about this one of the other colors.
Introducing pro wine, all of your filtration in one system, portable on the go. No more do you
have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts out the
sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics, advanced media for removal of fluoride
and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does it and out of the
gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is the only system that in one
unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic
acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexa
flourosilicate. Get your pro pure with a new pro one filter today at mfallwarstore.com or by calling
888-253-3139. American gardeners and fellow patriots make the right choice with your money,
time and your family food supply. Choose 100% pure heirloom seeds in the survival seed vault from
mypatriotsupply.com. Why spend more? The survival seed vault from mypatriotsupply.com is only
$37.95. It includes 20 varieties of pure, hardy, easy to grow heirloom seeds. Yes, only $37.95.
That's 70% less than our competitors. You could buy three survival seed vaults for less than one
of theirs. The survival seed vault from mypatriotsupply.com includes detailed planting and
seed saving instructions and shipped same day. Plus, all orders over $49 ship free.
mypatriotsupply.com is American owned by patriots like you. Passionate about freedom and preparedness.
Call now 866-229-0927. That's 866-229-0927 or discover more emergency preparedness items when
you order at mypatriotsupply.com. Choose the original. Choose the survival seed vault at
mypatriotsupply.com. Amino acids are the building blocks of proteins. Amino acids have to be
delivered to your body in the shape that nature gave them if they are to be used to create new
proteins in your body. Just like a brick layer, cannot use bent or twisted bricks to build a
brick wall, so too your body cannot use bent or twisted amino acids to build new proteins.
Giving your body an undamaged amino acid food can make a huge difference in your health.
One World Way is an undamaged amino acid food unlike any other. You see, heating bends and
twists amino acids and all whey protein powders we've investigated and most proteins you consume
are heated. With our true cool process, you now have a choice with One World Way. My name is
Daniel. I'm 34 years old. When I started using One World Way, I weighed 228 pounds. Now, after
two and a half months, I weigh 182 pounds. This is my ideal weight. I've noticed an increase in
stamina, rate of recovery for workouts, and an increase in my potency. Call 888-988-3325
or visit OneWorldWay.com. Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers?
Well, so does he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now,
live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
All right, ladies and gentlemen, we've got the reporters coming in. And I was just talking to
Leanne McAdoo, who's gonna be in here with Ja'Carri Jackson and David Knight. She was talking
about trolls and the standard deal they do in the YouTube videos going, don't you care about
the people? Yeah, I care about the million dead Iraqis. I care about the hundreds of thousands
that die from bad drug interactions every year and flesh-eating bacteria. I care about the kids
dying from deadly vaccines by the thousands and hundreds of thousands being injured, autism going
from 1 in 25,000 to 1 in 50-something. That's a troll thing they do. That, oh, give this time
with a tragedy for us to find out what really happened. Don't talk about the drill. Hey,
the police are mourning what Dorner did to them. Don't talk about how they claim they burned him
down. Don't look at that. They don't want us upfront addressing the information. I've never
seen trolls going this wild on this many fronts. I've never seen anything like it in my life.
And this is the type of stuff getting posted up to Reddit. And whether it's real or not,
this is exactly what you could expect to see. So this is real. I'll read this now
before we go back to the calls, John and others, show that if it unfolds.
I work on a security commission and I've just received word to start campaigning on a
campaign we've been working on the last two months and now it all makes sense.
I'll keep it as short as I can. They're going to pin this event on a male, late teens to early
20s. And I'd say he did it because he's unstable. And say he did it, he wouldn't say that. And they
say he did it because he's unstable. They're going to find firearms in an NRA book in his home.
They're going to say he used reloading powder. Yeah, I was thinking that too to then ban that
for the explosion and that reloading powder shouldn't be for sale to the public. Absolutely,
that shuts down reloading. It's about going after the bullets. They're going to use this to say
that because the powder in ammunition can be used for explosions, the number of rounds you can buy
should be limited and taxed to help pay for these events. I can't do anything or I'll lose my job,
possibly face criminal charges. Please don't let them get away with it.
They won't find the suspect till later this week and the raid is to occur on Friday. This was a
staged event. The people hurt are real, but the event was planned. Don't let them hurt our rights.
I'm going to use a copy of a picture from another thread. So please don't mention me. It will
seriously hurt me. Now again, is that somebody trying to warn folks or is that fake? Folks,
all I know is every show should prepare for veterans to attack, prepare for Christians
to attack. The tea party is going to blow you up. The tea party is going to shoot you, blah, blah,
blah. And now this happens. I mean, this is incredible. And now they try to deny this drill
was happening. John in the army, Washington, what is your take on this, sir? In closing,
what is your take on this? Well, you know, I just see this as it's a joint terrorism task force
training exercise. It kind of looks that way to me. You know, all of these guys are, you know,
in place, the commonalities behind them. And I know they're there because it's a big event, but
I mean, with the, with the excess amount of people that they have on the ground
and immediately they jump into this task force and have everybody ready to go, it just seemed to me,
it seemed kind of staged. That's, that's all I know. It seems like a real tragedy terrorist
attack, but, uh, you know, where exactly it's coming from. I mean, it, uh, you know,
I don't know for sure. Well, I mean, the Southern poverty law center, it was deeply involved in
Oklahoma city at Elohim city. They come out and say, uh, there's going to be attacks. They're
imminent and we're your savior. I mean, this is so old. I mean, have you seen the TV shows out
there where every bad guy's a Patriot? I mean, I've never seen such a buildup. I mean, this is
all scripted. The, the, the bomb robots delivered everywhere the last year, the body scanners
delivered right as the underwear bombing happens. I mean, it's all scripted and, and we'll see who
they blame it on, but they're already saying right wing Al Qaeda, right wing, who will it be?
Right. When you're all kind of not, Hey, are the weatherman back to something, you know?
No, it's none of that. It's just this thing to hang it out there so they can project it
onto whoever they want. Uh, I appreciate your call, John Dean and Pennsylvania army. Thanks
for holding her on the air. Hey Alex, uh, I'm not in the army now. I served from 1989 to 1993.
Uh, my unit was alpha company, three 13 military intelligence battalion of the 82nd airborne.
And I wanted to back up what Mr. Skalson was saying about lower level people knowing
intelligence and what's going on. Um, you do not know. Um, we had what was called CW
warrant officers that were specialists in their field, which would be interrogation and things
like that. My battalion was what was called a seaweed battalion. It was a combat electronic
warfare intelligence. And like you described very well, it is compartmentalized. There
are certain positions like I'll give you an example, our S3, which was our S3 air. The
person sit behind that desk had to be an E seven or above. Just to be in that battalion,
you had to have a top secret clearance. For God's sake. I had an underage drinking when
I was like 19 years old. I was held in limbo for two weeks just to get into that battalion.
So the FBI could run checks on it. It is not, you are not privy to that information and I can't see
it being changed that much. And matter of fact, I would think it would be more stringent nowadays
with, um, you know, everything else going on, especially like with Manning and things like that.
Um, it, it, it just don't happen. Um, and I'll tell you what, in, in a battalion or anything
like that, it's just like high school. I mean, rumor mills roll. Um, absolutely. No, no. That's
what's going on. Crews went out there when they're out there with role players screaming, I'm an
American. Please don't put me in the camp. Don't take my guns. I'll talk to the Marines. And I go,
we don't know who we're trying to fight. And I'm like, you're trying to fight Americans.
And they don't even know that they don't tell us. It's just the green forest. We're the red force.
And, uh, absolutely. Uh, people inside, it's not like James Bond who knows everything.
Uh, it's the complete opposite. And then you'll have like two guys inserted. That's
why they do the drill who are deep cover in there. They plant the bombs and they get out.
They bring the Patsy with them. Who's part of the drill. So they can later set him up.
We just know from past operations. Good to hear from you, Dean. Uh, let's go ahead and
talk to Logan. Uh, no, no, no. Logan just got on. Let me go to whoever's been on the longest,
uh, bill in Indiana. Uh, go ahead. You're on the air.
Yes. Hello. I'm good. Go ahead, sir. Yeah. Uh, yes. I was just calling to talk to you about
what's going on. Go ahead, sir. Um, has anybody thought of any kind of, is this on the radio?
Yeah, we're on the radio. You called in, we don't screen calls. So you're, uh, you're on
there right now, bill. Okay. I want you to look at a 47 year pattern that they're running on us.
And if you do that, you'll go back to 66, the 1919, the 1972. Every 47 years,
we'll get the history of them years and see what happened yesterday. In 1919,
they had the red scare riots.
Hello? I'm trying to let you talk. Yeah. I was, I'm not a good talker.
No, you're doing good, bro. I just want you to be able to make your points.
Okay. I think they're running two patterns on us, the 47 year pattern and at 33,
a 33 will bring us back to 80. And then the 47 look at those magic years. And then 1914,
before that, I hear you very, very interesting. Send me an email with more information.
Now let's talk to Trish in New York. Who's got a family in the military.
What's your take on all this trash? Well, I'm, I'm just, um, I'm just curious
about what you said earlier. Um, because it seems like there needs to be more awareness of,
of how interrelated what's going on in the middle East is with what's going on here.
And, um, and you brought that to the program. I'm really grateful for that, but, um, I don't know if
you're aware, but, um, Huffington post is now running a story about the Al Qaeda in Saudi Arabia
that has made a comment, um, praising the bombings. And, um, he's a guy from a Salafi
group in Jordan, which by the way, we're fully funding on the globalist star to invade all these
countries. So, I mean, if they go with that route again, they've already tried to tie right wing to
it. Is it right wing or is it Al Qaeda implying right wing as the new Al Qaeda? Uh, so we don't
know. They're going to build up the crescendo before they roll out, but it just has all the
signs. I mean, does everybody get my point about how every TV show says the Patriots are going to
blow everything up now and Green Lantern fights the militia and the militia is going to blow up
the football game? I mean, they do this before they stage it and blame it on us.
They're going to be able to get away with that just on its own, but if they tie
together, um, a right winger to, to Al Qaeda, um, you know, that might make the dimension big
enough. Um, I mean, what you mentioned before about the Oklahoma city bombing, um, I've been
working also as a, as a freelance journalist for the last decade. And, um, I don't know if you're
familiar with what went on in Lebanon, their version of nine 11, when that prime minister
was killed over there and I was over there, um, during that time. And what was very odd during
the time I was over there before the bombing happened with all the FBI that were all over
the place in Lebanon and in Beirut. And I know that the CIA and various intelligence
agencies are over there a lot. But, um, what, what happened was I got hooked up to a guy who,
um, had, he made the claim and, you know, gave various substantiating evidence that
he was having this mad affair with this woman. And had I ever heard of her and,
you know, and at the time I didn't until later I researched and it turned out it,
he claimed, he gave me the name and the photo and it didn't mean anything to me at the time.
And it turns out it was Carol Howe from the Oklahoma city bombing
and that she had been over in Beirut. He claimed for the nine months up until Hariri was killed
in like a few days before, before the car bombing there, she disappeared. Like he never heard.
And it was Carol how exposed Southern Broadway law center was involved in Oklahoma city. They
tried to put her in prison. Very interesting. I think I remember reading about these connections
before you ought to write an article up about that. Okay. We got the other crew coming in here.
We got nightly news tonight in the last two years alone, the U S has seen huge losses to our food
supply in 2011 storms and floods raged across the U S costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone.
In 2012, we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years. You may think out of sight,
out of mind. And so you don't think you will be affected. The fact is you are, we all are
food shortages, drive prices up for everyone. You might not be able to control mother nature,
but you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply
with E foods direct be prepared before you need it with nutrient dense food. You can store for
up to 25 years. You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you do what I've done and get
your own supply of the best durable foods out there for me. Foods direct call 800-409-5633
or visit them on the web at e foods direct.com forward slash Alex and check out their spring
specials. Again, that number is 800-409-5633 are on the web at e foods direct.com forward slash
Alex. You can bet your life on e foods direct. What's safer and cheaper than prescription drugs?
Glad you asked. The answer is renovation teas. Herbal remedies are much safer and much cheaper
than prescription drugs taste great. And most importantly, herbal teas are effective and
non-addictive renovation tea is especially unique. And here's why we spent years researching herbs
and their beneficial properties. renovation teas uses only 100% organic fair trade herbs.
Our teas are blended towards specific ailments and health conditions such as diabetes,
blood pressure, anxiety, libido, detox, and much more. All renovation teas are formulated
and hand filled in Arkansas. Take care of yourself naturally the way mother nature intended.
Order renovation teas at renovation t.com or call 870-784-3121. That's 870-784-3121
renovation teas renovate your health one bag at a time.
That's the sound of your door being kicked in by an intruder with a single kick.
That's the sound of the same door now protected by the door sentinel at my safe door.com
go to my safe door.com right now and watch the amazing video at my safe door.com. You'll learn
how to turn your home into a fortress with the door sentinel 16 kicks later. And the door sentinel
is still holding strong my safe door.com. That's my safe door.com. Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have
you ever wondered why banks, stockbrokers, investment advisors won't talk about gold IRAs
they've been available since 1986. Yet the financial industry won't recognize the value
of gold for your retirement. Gold is outperformed paper investments yet no word about IRAs. If you
would like to have gold for your retirement call 800-686-2237. Don't get left behind by rising
inflation and low returns call 800-686-2237. Secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
We travel so much and having a fake TV well it gives added peace of mind.
Burglars look for houses that appear to be easy targets but fake TV can fool even
professional burglars into thinking someone is home watching television. As a recent widow living
alone it gives me great peace of mind to set my fake TV near a window and know that passing
motorists and pedestrians will think someone is on watching TV when I'm actually away from home.
Fake TV easily plugs into any outlet just like a light on a timer and they're so easy to use
you just plug them in and they're ready to go. Plus they're so affordable that we have one
upstairs and downstairs. Fake TV is only $29.95 with free shipping. Order your fake TV by calling
877-5FAKETV or go to FAKETV.com that's 877-532-5388 or FAKETV.com. Fake TV the burglar deterrent.
And welcome back to the Alex Jones radio show. We are in the Overdrive segment.
I'm not Alex Jones, I'm Jakari Jackson for the Info Wars Nightly News. Alex is taking a break.
And in this Overdrive segment we will be joined by David Knight and Leanne McAdoo,
one of our new reporters here in the Info War. But first I just want to recap some of our new
viewers who just may be joining us. One of our reporters Dan Badandi up in the northeast
had a chance to go to a couple news conferences concerning the bombings in Boston.
And I do believe we have a couple of those clips you guys let me know when you're ready.
In this first clip I believe the one that's a minute oh six, Dan confronts the mayor or
governor should I say to ask about some of the things that's going on in the city asking about
drills or excuse me the police commissioner to ask about the things that are going on in the city.
Are there bomb drills? Were there bomb sniffing dogs? And if there were bomb sniffing dogs,
why weren't any bombs recovering? I do believe we have that clip, so let's go ahead with that.
I have to take any questions. No, next question.
The investigation is in the area that the governor mentioned.
We're actually working very closely with the families right now. We're going through those
right now. And this goes into the Piers Morgan clip after that. But some very real general
questions. Were there bomb sniffing dogs? Were there bomb drills? We've heard a coach of one of
the runners say that he was told that they were running drills and actually saw them themselves.
We've heard people say that they saw some other fishy things going on. We've seen the
cherry picker photo of the man that's on the roof. And I'll stop for a second about the
man on the roof. The thing that really surprised me was this lone individual on the roof.
I know many times there are many times our sporting events and people who live in the local
area live around the track or the football field or whatever it may be just watch from their homes.
If they have apartment complex or something that they can get on top of, they often go to the top
of the roof and watch the event. So I thought it was very suspect that there was only one person
up on the roof as if maybe the roofs were off limit for some reason. I thought that was
very suspicious and we'll have David Knight in a little bit just to talk about that.
But in the meantime, I'll go through some of the news and Alex's stack.
Person briefed on pro bombs and pressure cookers. Now this is from the AP. A person briefed on
the Boston Marathon investigation says that the explosives were a six liter pressure cooker
placed in black duffel bags. The person says the explosives were placed on the ground and
contain shards of metal nails and ball bearings. The person spoke on the condition of an amenity
because of the investigation is ongoing. So we saw the FBI earlier this morning hold a
press conference. And in the press conference, they said they were very confident that they had
secured all the explosives. The investigation is obviously still ongoing for suspect or suspects.
The earlier reports we heard about a Saudi national being the suspect was
later overturned saying, I'm not exactly sure why they chose to single out that individual,
but he has been cleared of the charges from what I am told. So it's a very hard thing for
us in this country at this time. We see just recently Sandy Hook and now we have this new
tragedy in Boston. And regardless if it was a false flag or lone gunman or group with their
particular interests, it's always gonna be used not to let a good crisis go to waste.
They're gonna find some way to push their new agenda, to push out the new TSA rollouts,
to push out the whatever, the XYZ, the new thing that they wanna test. And I think it's
definitely forthcoming. We already see the TSA Viper teams, we see the TSA at football games,
at whatever else. I think they were at a Romney event last year. I don't know why they'd be at
a Romney event, but they were there checking people's bags. They were at the Obama inauguration,
testing people, checking people's bags, patting people down. And it's definitely more of the
police state that we've been mourning about here on the Info Wars for a good time.
And you can see the quote right there if you're watching on infowards.com forward slash listen,
no crisis should go to waste. That is from Rahm Emanuel. And I do believe we have a break. So
stay tuned. We'll be right back after this break with Leanne McAdoo. And after that, David Knight.
We're on the march. The Empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN radio network.
Hello, I'm Alex Jones. Myself, my family, the InfoWars.com team want to relay to you
and your families that we are intensifying our efforts against the globalist on every front.
InfoWars.com is leading the fight against the technocrats. But we can't do that without your
help. By getting the films, bumper stickers and T-shirts at InfoWars.com, you will wake up people
in your area and support our operation as we move to the next level. We need your help to spread the
word like never before. They wish to hide themselves during this tectonic battle between
the forces of freedom and darkness. You are the response to the globalist technocrats and their
program of global eugenics dehumanization and ultimate extermination. The war is here. It's
an InfoWar. The spirit of 1776 versus the mindset of 1984. Are you still a traditional smoker? Now
experience a new lifestyle and try vaping with e-cigarettes by LASIG. Imagine no ashes, stains,
nasty smell or coughing and hacking. With LASIG e-cigarettes revolutionary microelectronic
technology, rechargeable battery and unique replaceable cartridge, you'll get all the
benefits and satisfaction of smoking without the hazards. Choose your taste from a wide variety of
our new American-made vaporie at eliquidsatlasig.com. And LASIG smokes the competition by
serving thousands of worldwide customers with real people customer service, fast free same day
shipping and a 30-day warranty and satisfaction guarantee. So are you ready for a new vaping
lifestyle? Then call 8705184307. That's 8705184307 or visit LASIG.com spelled L-E-C-I-G.com.
LASIG e-cigarettes for today's modern smoker. Hello, this is Ty Bollinger, author of the
best-selling book Cancer Step Outside the Box. I want you to know some very important information.
In 1985, President Ronald Reagan requested that Carnivora be sent directly to the White House
at a time when only the President could obtain this world-class healer.
Now, 27 years later, Carnivora capsules are used around the world to keep people healthy.
Now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in this age of superbugs with 17 naturally
occurring compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal cells only without harming a single
normal cell. If you want to stay healthy, now's your chance to literally wake up your critical
immune cells to attack harmful invaders that don't belong in your body. Call 1-866-VenusFly
or order from Carnivora.com. That's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A.com. That's 1-866-836-8735,
1-866-VenusFly or visit Carnivora.com. Protect your immune system. It's the only one you've got.
And welcome back to the Alex Jones Show. I'm Jakari Jackson filling in for Alex.
I'm joined here with David Knight. How are you doing, David?
Doing good, Jakari. All right, now there's an article on InfoWars.com.
It was just on a second ago, if you guys can put that back on. The Paul Joseph Watson article
concerning an episode of Family Guy. And we get people who comment and say, why do you guys
reference a cartoon or a video game or whatever else? Now, this particular episode of Family Guy,
I believe it's called, what is it, Cowboys? Turban Cowboys. Turban Cowboys. And in this
episode of Family Guy, the father, Peter Griffin, is a participant in the Boston Marathon.
And it just so happens that two bombs go off in the marathon. So I do believe we have that clip
ready to roll with. I'm Bob Costas here with Boston Marathon winner, Peter Griffin.
Peter, how did you do it? Damn phone's busted. Maybe I dialed wrong.
So you just saw the clip right there. Now, Paul Joseph Watson, I did an article and even
a video accompanying that his video has been taken down. You can see it right there on the
screen if you're watching on InfoWars.com forward slash. Listen, the video has been removed,
as you saw just a second ago, is a very short clip. So I'm not sure what type of copyright
infringements may be on that, but it has been taken down. And that was only about 14 seconds.
And Watson was talking for about, it was over four minutes long in the video. So that's not
a copyright violation. So that's pretty strange. And one of the things that's there is the guy,
the father, they talk about Turban Cowboy. He gets aligned in that episode with an Islamic
terrorist. He's a Tea Party guy, okay? So that all feeds into the narrative that they've been-
And trying to get you on because they keep saying that it's gonna be your right wing extremist even
yesterday. And they keep saying, well, InfoWars is making all these claims without any evidence. I
mean, how many people made claims yesterday that it's gonna be some right winger without
any type of evidence? They say Hollywood, they say politics makes strange bedfellows, but
there aren't any stranger bedfellows on the Tea Party and Islamic terrorists. I mean-
Exactly. Get any more polar opposites together, and yet they keep putting them together as bosom
buddies throughout all these Hollywood shows. They keep-
Exactly. It's not just that it was the following, the Fox TV show. I even saw an episode of
Green Lantern. And I mean, it goes way down the rabbit hole. It's not any one-time deal,
one-off deal. It's something that has happened and continues to happen because I believe that
it was a recent episode. So it's nothing new, and why would they play that right before?
And some people say, well, you're grasping at straws. But then you look at the Batman film.
Alex did a video on that, and people are like, how do you know before it happens?
Because he sees these triggers. And more recently, I don't believe the film has come out yet,
but World War Z. It's all about the dehumanization and the UN is here to save us
heroically. What are your thoughts on that, David? Well, we're criticized by people like
Glenn Beck and Solon, but we see this, as you said, we see it from Hollywood narrative.
We see it from papers that are being put out by West Point Military Academy, other terrorist
organizations. We've seen a steady stream of this narrative about how the enemies of this country
are people who are looking for limited government, people who think there ought to be limits on the
government, people who want to adhere to the Constitution, people that they'd like to
characterize therefore as right wing. We keep seeing this over and over and over again. And
that's why when we saw this happen, we were suspicious of it. Because there's not anything
about, we were criticized for jumping on it saying, well, this might look like this might
be a false flag. Let's take a look at this. You said that right away that we should examine this.
Why? Because when you have a crime in an area, you want to look at the MO of the people that
are there. In other words, if you've got somebody that's a known rapist and he's in the area or
child molester and you have a crime of that type, you're going to take a look at the person that's
there. And we have documented over and over again, there's been declassified documents going back for
decades talking about false flag attacks that the government has done or false flag attacks that
they planned like Operation Northwoods. And so when we see things like that, and we believe
that there were similar things that happened in 9-11 and in the 7-7 bombings and in the Oslo,
Norway bombings, we see that they have a drill that's operating alongside. So as we were already
suspicious because the government had that kind of MO, there's nothing there that anybody would
really gain from except the government because they're going to be able to ramp up the security
state. And then when we saw the drill being reported happening alongside, that was the
thing, that's when we said- Yeah, we were calling BS. Now we'll talk about that drill in just one
second, but we have some news the producers just handed me a second ago. This is from the
mail online. He's a witness, not a suspect. Burnside, a student had his apartment raided
after the police ruled him out. Well, excuse me, before the police ruled him out and the bomb squad
among 20 officers combining flat bags and evidence removed. Police also hunting dark skinned man
with hooded dark colored sweatshirt and backpack seen trying to get into restricted area.
So I guess that's what the new suspect is supposed to be, the dark skinned man,
the man with the hoodie. I'm not exactly sure if that's the person we saw on the rooftops or not.
Well, in terms of the Saudi, I saw one article and I have only seen it in one place. So I don't
know if this is valid or not, but I saw a report that he was apprehended because he was running
after the bomb. Somebody pointed at him and said, get him. Now, I don't know if they pointed at him
because he was an Arab looking guy doing what most people will probably be doing after a bomb
goes off and that is running in some direction. So I think that was basically what was going on
with it. I think he was basically just- Singled out because, yeah, because a bomb goes off and
you can see in the videos, there are people of all races from I'm sure all number of countries
and they just scatter, just trying to get away from the blast. But it seems like this guy was
being singled out. Well, and again, there have been a lot of bombings that have been done by
Muslim people. But interestingly enough, there haven't been any bombings that have been done by
patriot people, certainly not urban bombings. I can't think of any offhand. I mean, they've
tried to pin it on Richard Jewell and stuff like that, but that was fake. I mean, when you're
looking at something like this, again, going back to what we said, we've seen the government
operate this way many times. So when something like this happens, that's the first thing we want
to look at and look and see if there's any other telltale signs like a simultaneous drill.
Exactly. Now, because we got a lot of criticism saying that this is a possibility, possibly a
false flag, but so many other people were quick to say that it's not a false flag. And I'm like,
well, how is there credibility more than ours when they're just with no evidence that it's not a
false flag? No, it's not a false flag. And we say, well, there's a possibility. Nobody said it was
definitely, so we didn't hear an info voice. Or you had people like Peter Bergen who immediately
says it's a conservative right-wing terrorist. What evidence do you have of that?
Evidence do you have of that? He'd already been building that narrative for 10 days prior to that.
Okay, an article said he'd put out, and then he immediately does that. And exactly, he doesn't
have any basis to say it any more than we said, well, we need to look at this and see if it is
a false flag. Why? Because we've seen a lot of false flags. Exactly. And we have reason to
suspect that it may be, just like you said, the drills. Why are they running drills? I mean,
if they have bomb sniffing dogs, shouldn't they sniff a bomb that's right over there?
I mean, just basic common sense questions that thus far have not been really asked.
You know, nobody at the press conferences, at least that we've seen besides Dan Badandi,
has dared to go and question these people on real things that people should be concerned about. I
mean, were there drills? Were there not? We have many eyewitnesses, people who were there at the
event saying that they did. But they didn't want to. They shut down the press conference
when they got asked a pointed question like that. They just want fluff questions,
you know? And we can come across as being hard-hearted because we don't
want to just focus on the victims and that sort of thing. But we're looking further down the road.
It's not that we don't feel what's going on, the people who've lost their lives, many people who've
been horribly mutilated from this. But we also understand where this is headed because we said
it when it happened with 9-11. And we got things like the Patriot Act and the Department of Homeland
Security. And we know what they've been building up for. And if you're another country, if you're
Russia, and you see somebody building up arms on your border, pointing missiles at you, you're
going to start getting paranoid about that. And you're going to start arming. And that's what the
American people are doing. They see the government building up domestic arms when they buy these
hollow-point bullets. That is not for the military. The military has their own armament. They're going
into the public supply to get these things. And the military is prohibited by Geneva Convention
from using hollow-point bullets. And so when we see them getting billions of bullets, which are
just over the top of anything that they would need, and we see them getting armored personnel
carriers, thousands of them, we see them getting bullet-fully automatic rifles. Yeah, bullet-proof
boost to put on the roadblocks and that sort of thing. All of this stuff, and it's like,
what are they doing? Because this is a domestic organization. But at the same time,
we see these military documents where they're talking about selective internment and getting
Social Security numbers and getting other things. That is not for foreign wars. That is not for
urban control in foreign areas. And when they have these military operations that they've been
having increasingly frequently throughout the major US cities, they're doing these as joint
operations with police departments. Are they going to do operations in Iran with the Iranian police?
I don't think so. These are about doing something domestically.
And people keep saying, what's the big deal about having the troops on the streets? And
like I've already said, we went to the Formula One racetrack here in Austin,
and they had troops on the streets there, running checkpoints and so forth, and people going into
the racetrack. And it's an acclimation. People get used to seeing the troops at the Super Bowl,
not just during the halftime game, but troops out there checking bags or running checkpoints
or whatever it is. And people get so used to it when they go out to the streets of the city
of Boston. There's a bomb where the troops are already here. I'm not saying the troops were
in on it, but the troops were all ready to go. And we've seen the pictures. I believe it was,
oh, okay, we're watching something on infowars.com forward slash listen.
Okay, this is something that Alex was mentioning earlier today with ManCal. This is,
wow. Okay, so we see a bunch of bodies, or those are-
Mannequins. Mannequins, yes. Those are the mannequins, okay.
So we see a bunch of mannequins in a truck driving around. I'm assuming that's in the
city of Boston, correct guys? Mannequins that were shot.
Wow. To use as target practice.
I heard Alex talk about that on the radio. I did not see the clip, so I didn't-
Wow, yeah. Yeah, that's shocking to me. That's my first time seeing that clip as well. I heard him
mention it, but yeah, we just saw a truckload full of mannequins, if you're still listening on the
radio, a truckload of mannequins near the Boston event. When the government starts making targets,
starts commissioning targets of civilians, American citizens, pregnant women, elderly people,
kids, and commissioning targets of that and call it no hesitation. When we see them doing all this
other stuff, it's like we're not being paranoid. We're just looking at this and saying, they're
up to something, and we've seen them do other things. And I don't see how you can say that
somebody's being paranoid if you're watching on infowars.com forward slash listen or on
prisonplanet.tv. You can see a target of a pregnant woman. This is a shooting target.
Somebody is going to shoot at this. If we keep scrolling down, you'll see a picture of a little
boy, of an old man, of an old woman, of a teenager and her daughter or sister, whoever it is. And
this is what people are planning for. The government is planning to target these people.
Yeah, absolutely. Well, let's talk about something here that is not exactly about the bombing,
but I think this is all related. And that is CISPA. We look at the gun rights and various
things. We see that CISPA is back and headed for a vote this week. That's the headline that I've
got here, guys, if you want to search for that. Basically, this is something that is a cybersecurity
measure, is how it's being put out, okay? And in order to do that, they're going to
enact certain surveillance and controls over the Internet and over free speech.
And it's sad that we see a constituency out there that wants to defend the Second Amendment,
but they're not necessarily interested in Internet freedom or free speech. And then
we also see the people who might be interested in free speech and keeping the Internet free
that are absolutely opposed. Yeah, you have to have all your freedoms. That's right.
We need the Second and the Fourth Amendment and the rest of the Tenement and the Constitution.
Those are put in there for a reason. And you see, and this is why we need to get rid of this
left-right paradigm. And we need people to come together and understand the underlying issue here
is liberty. Because they're coming after them and using the same justifications, the same reason
they're saying that we need to lose Internet freedom and we need to have no security in our
person places and things. We need to be able to be searched at any time, constantly archived.
I mean, this is the exact opposite of what the founders want to say. In other words,
because of technology, they want to argue that because of technology, we should not have the
Second Amendment anymore because guns are too dangerous. We should not have the Fourth Amendment
anymore because it's too easy for us to hide information from the government.
I don't know how it is. I mean, they can check your phone and your whatever else. I mean,
what is that argument? To me, I look at this and because of technology, it is even more important
that we have, okay, that's something going on. That's not ours. But because of this,
I think it is even more important that we have Fourth Amendment protections, not less.
And so when the government can set up the Utah Data Center, when the government can record and
listen to every phone conversation and archive it and save it to the point where they can data
mine it for everything and make a suspect out of everybody. I mean, you've taken a lot of
technology. I mean, you've taken the Fourth Amendment, what the founders saw from the
British troops that they were concerned about, you've taken that and put it on infinite steroids.
And because they have that kind of technology, we need to press for the Fourth Amendment to be
even stronger. So it needs to be as the fundamental principles that are laid down there,
but it doesn't change because of technology. And that's the argument that they're making.
And we need to get people who are culturally left and people who are culturally right and people
who like this amendment but not that amendment. They need to come together and understand that
this is a government that is coming after us in every direction. Every issue they're coming at us.
And we need to stand together on liberty and on the Constitution and on the Bill of Rights
and insist that technology only makes the government more dangerous and we need to
even more rigidly enforce the protections of the Constitution rather than give them up.
Exactly. And this is the Alex Jones Radio Show and I'm Takari Jackson here with David Knight,
if you're just tuning in. Now we're talking about some of the things that are slipping under the
radar as this situation in Boston continues to develop. The FBI is up there running their checks
trying to see what new information they can find. But in the meantime, we want to talk about some
things that aren't so much hitting the mainstream just because of all the things going on in Boston,
that's understandable. But we can't forget about CISPA, we can't forget about gun rights,
not just domestic issues, international issues, but David Knight, you were continuing with your CISPA.
Yeah, we're gonna say you need to call your representatives and say, I want you to vote
against gun bans and I want you to vote against CISPA. Come across as a unified front and call
your representatives, whether they're Democrat or Republican. Democrats are probably gonna be
sensitive and supportive of one issue more than Republicans and vice versa.
But you as a voter need to call them up and say, I want you to vote against both of these bills.
And people don't understand how important it is to actually call cuz we get a lot of people,
they'll blog, they'll talk to their friends, they'll preach to the choir. But you need to go
and talk to your elected officials. And I'm not just blowing smoke, when Chuck Schumer compared
private gun sellers to child pornographers, I called his office. I didn't get to talk to him,
I talked to one of his interns, interns, but I called in to make my voice known.
And this is what it has to take. You have to call your representative, lo and behold, show up.
Show up at your city council meeting, do what you have to do. Yell at them like Dan Badandi,
jump on the couch like a Tom Cruise. Get these people to pay attention to you.
It does make a difference. I know that in the early days of homeschooling,
they were gonna pass some measures that were gonna severely terminate it. And boy,
I tell you, the homeschoolers got that network out there, and they gave them an earful,
and they backed off. They really backed off. So that was an important lesson.
But Congress can agree on some things. And they passed this one law, about a year ago,
they passed the STOCK Act. Right, and I think we're about to wrap up.
So come back. Yeah, just hang on to that thought, and we'll be right back here on the Alex Jones
Show.
With a new Pro 1 filter today at Infowarsstore.com, or by calling 888-253-3139.
Since disaster can strike at any time, you always need to be prepared. And not just with an
insurance policy. Superstorm Sandy left thousands of people starving and stranded for weeks.
You need to be prepared with an emergency supply of food. Now through April 30th,
save up to 25% on freeze-dried food. During the Freeze Dry Guy,
Mix and Match number 10 can sale, freeze-dried food packed in heavy-duty,
doubly-nambled number 10 cans. With over 99% of the oxygen removed,
it has the longest shelf life of any food available, over 25 years.
Choose from entrees, meats, vegetables, fruits, and desserts, all made in the USA.
Just add hot water, wait 10 minutes, and serve. And it tastes absolutely delicious.
Free shipping to 48 states. Now through April 30th, save up to 25%.
Visit FreezeDryGuy.com. FreezeDryGuy.com or call 866-404-3663.
866-404-3663. Act today. Don't miss out.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial law
have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result,
millions are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons. But how will these items help
if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to
prepare you for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely
effective against bacteria, viruses, moles, and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life,
making it the number one choice of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared,
go to SupernaturalSilver.com. Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order.
And like us on Facebook.
And welcome back to the Alex Jones Radio Show. I'm Sha'Carri Jackson filling in along with David
Knight. And we're going to be going for a little bit longer, I believe an extra hour of overdrive,
but be sure to check out the Infowars Nightly News tonight at 7 p.m. Central. Now, David Knight,
we were talking about some of the things that are slipping through while the Boston
investigation is ongoing. What else do you have?
Well, you know, we can get the two different parties to agree on some things. And one of
the things that they agreed on very quickly was to gut the STOCK Act. Now, that was the,
an acronym, STOCK was Stop Trading on Congressional Knowledge Act. And that came up, if you remember,
there was a report about a year ago that there was a lot of insider trading going on in Congress
on stocks and that sort of thing. And they said, oh, there's no law against that. And people got
pretty upset about that. So they passed that law. And that required that congressmen and about
28,000 aides that were associated with them had to publish anything that was a conflict of interest.
And so what happened is, as we were looking the other way, the end of the week last week in the
Senate on the 11th, it was introduced and passed in the Senate unanimous consent is the way they
put it. So they don't keep a roll call vote. And so they just passed it very quickly. And in the
House, they passed it in 30 seconds. 30 seconds. 30 seconds. And said that they did it there
essentially unanimously. So basically what they've done is gutted it because they no longer have to
post that publicly. So whatever remains there, it really isn't useful for people to be able to
investigate that, hold them accountable. So basically, they've essentially gutted that
while we were looking the other way. And it's just more of what we've seen. We've seen,
what was it last week? Bitcoin dropped significantly. We've seen gold and silver stocks
drop as well. I mean, there's a lot of things going on behind the scenes while this massacre
is going on or while the massacre is being investigated. And it's not just these things.
It's not like we had a chance to talk to many of our listeners yesterday. And I would like to take
some calls after we have Stuart Rhodes on. He's gonna be joining us in a few minutes.
But people need to keep in mind that there are always things going on behind the scenes when
these big events happen. And you need to keep in touch with your local legislators. You need to
talk to people and find out what's going on in your area. Cuz there may be something in your
local area that you can go film, something that's going on that needs to have its story told, but
people just don't know about it. And they're very well aware of the news cycle. Okay, this stuff
was done on Friday. And I know that they can pull all kinds of stuff on Friday and the weekends,
and it's not gonna get covered very much. And when they pull this in and do it in 30 seconds,
and they also know, just as they know that they can do this stuff on Fridays and the weekends,
when you've got a big event like this, they can put all kinds of stuff under the news cycle.
They can put all kinds of stuff under the radar. Whether it's a false flag or not,
they're gonna use that. Just like whether it's a false flag or not, Homeland Security is going
to use it to increase its control over our life, to put agents everywhere. So that's something we
all need to be on the lookout. Everybody keep an eye out and watch Congress like a hawk.
Like a hawk. And speaking of looking out, we have a video. Now this is a video that was sent to me
and I'll just play it first and then we'll comment on it in just one second. So here's the video.
Bizarre object has been left in its place. Draw your own conclusion.
Okay. So if you're not watching the video, if you're listening on the radio,
we just saw a video. Oh, are we about to go to break? Okay. All right. Well, we'll talk about
that on the other side, but stay tuned. I think you're gonna like the explanation of that.
It's coming up after this break. Thank you for listening to GCN. Visit gcnlive.com today.
