Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Ladies and gentlemen, I can't believe it's already Friday. And we're going to be here
live for the next three hours on this 22nd day of February 2013. And I will attempt to
be calm today and go over all of the off the charts news and information that we're going
to be covering.
Now, I told you this was coming, but now it's official. The ATF is just going to make rules
outside of law to start banning semiautomatic firearms. And the federal government, without
a judge or jury or even doctor's designation, is going to declare most vets mentally incompetent
and mail you a letter. And one lawyer alone knows of hundreds of vets that are coming
to him getting this letter.
And so we're going to be going over this report that's up at infowars.com. Federal government
moves to disarm veterans. And Kurt Nemo has added the Department of Veterans Affairs official
letter. That states a determination of incompetency will prohibit you from purchasing, possessing,
receiving or transporting a firearm or ammunition.
If you knowingly violate any of these prohibitions, you may be fined, imprisoned, or both pursuant
to the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act. Public document number 103-159 as implemented
in 18 United States Code 924A2. And drugsreport.com has the original story on this with a breakdown
report.
Feds send letters to vets from VA prohibiting ownership or purchase of firearms or even
shooting them. And they have the area excised and it's from a lawyer at Red Flag News. Now,
I'm already aware of this information so I can confirm this is going on, but it's intensifying.
Clinton when he left office tried this. About 89,000 vets just suddenly were told they couldn't
own guns anymore, but it became a big court issue and they had to back off.
This is dwarfing that right now. And this isn't where a court finds you incompetent
and so you're put in the nut house. You're in the nut house now, you're in the nut house
now. And I'm gonna take off on the Johnny Cash song, you're in the jailhouse now. And
this is just completely arbitrary, it's what the Soviets did.
It's what so many historians have pointed out and talked about, about tyranny coming
in a medical form. And not that this globalism is so much a Soviet system, they use Soviet
models of control and Soviet collectivism at the grassroots to control and redistribute
wealth.
But then it's done in a fascist way, as it always is, only redistributed to key select
combines for political control. And then you have the globalist offshore who are exempt
from all that. Pretty devastating info. The reason the Kurt Nemo article is important,
this is originally in red flag news and the gateway pundit.com via drudgereport.com.
The reason this is so important is that we've been on this for 17 years, but hardcore for
11 plus. That it's not al-Qaeda that Homeland Security is for, it's for gut owners, conservatives,
libertarians, constitutionalist, you name it. And that the liberals have all this liberal
talk on the surface, a lot of which I actually agree with, but they don't follow through
with it.
It's all oppressive. They're the real authoritarians. They are the authoritarians. They say a lot
of great stuff about equality and the rest of it, but it's all talk. It's camouflage.
They are the most dangerous authoritarian party. And the Republicans are their kiss
and cousins at the leadership level. We'll be right back with this incredible news.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms. But if you don't have a home security
system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When
you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's
a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power, so even if the grid
goes down, you are protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit, or shed. Getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is also
ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger
into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever
you go. You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
Introducing Pro 1. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new Aquamedics advanced media for removal of fluoride
and other heavy metals, all in one filter element. It is the only one that does it,
and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine. Hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
a new Pro 1 filter today at Infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
You may be arrested and or subject to other police action.
Tyranny is here. The grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality.
It really says that the state is God. The United States is now recognized globally as
one of the most oppressive police states on earth. This film conclusively proves the existence
of a secret network of FEMA camps now being expanded nationwide. This documentary exposes
how the continuity of government program has established an all powerful shadow state.
Police state four chronicles the sickening depths to which our republic has fallen. Prepare
to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship, body scammers, sound cameras,
citizen spies, stage terror and cameras on every street corner. It's only the beginning
of the new world order's hellish plan. The police state isn't coming. It's here. Secure
your copy today at Infowars.com or see it online in the highest quality at PrisonPlanet.tv.
I was trained in firearms. I carried a concealed weapon. I made the determination that if somebody
was going to try to take me out, I was going to take them with me. If I could have gotten
51 votes in the Senate of the United States for an outright ban, picking up every one
of them, Mr. and Mrs. America, turn them all in, I would have done it. Defending the republic
from enemies, foreign and domestic. It's Alex Jones.
It's all happening day by day, grain by grain, the hourglass runs dry, our liberties spilling
into the dark void of tyranny. It is Friday, the 22nd day of February, 2013, and we see
stand here at a crossroads in a conundrum in a paradox. Never have there been more people
awake worldwide to tyranny.
The Council on Foreign Relations bemoans that. Zbigniew Brzezinski, one of the top global
tacticians bemoans that. But also never before has there been greater technological systems
of domination, surveillance and social control pointed at free humanity. And never have we
had a more decentralized tyranny that basically load balances in a plausible deniability algorithm
to where it's very hard to cut a hydra's head off.
Because these globalists couch all their policies and rules and laws and frauds in different
committees and waivers and certifications so that the bureaucracy is so deep that no
one can ever point a finger at just one person. And that's why the tyrants can get away with
so much. There have been many cases in history where you have an oligarchy, a small ruling
elite or a royal dynasty or one emperor for that matter.
And they will actually be egomaniacs who want big public work projects and aqueducts
and want the population educated so they can dominate their neighbors and have a better
military and a better economic system. Domination through trade. You've heard of the philosopher
king, you can actually get golden ages out of the benevolent dictator.
The problem is those are very rare, A, and B, once the centralization is set up, you
can be assured that when that emperor is killed or that emperor dies, you're going to get
a psychopathic demon in their place. Or maybe just somebody who's a little bit of a tyrant.
But down the road, you will get a absolute out of control, psychopathic control freak
in there, and then all hell will be released. I've studied the psychopathic mindset and
the different dictatorial mindsets, the different variants throughout history.
A, because I want to understand the present. To know the present, you have to know the
past. To know the future, you need to know the past and the present. That's all important.
That's what the globalists obsess on all day. That's what their Google and NSA spying is
all about. It's what all their smart houses and smart meters and all these surveillance
bots hiding in plain view in our homes are doing.
But again, they lack the general, deeper, loving, kind-eyed, kind-souled understanding
of their own human nature to be able to wield this power. And they are arrogant and they
are basically like a diver who goes down below 150 feet, starts getting, what is it, the
nitrogen psychosis.
And starts getting higher than a kite and feeling incredibly confident. And then you
swim into that old wreck, even though you're almost out of oxygen, feeling confident, you
get caught up. It cuts your air hose and you drowned. And tyrants up in those upper latitudes
of power, if they're narcissists slash sadists, control freaks, or whatever variant of that,
they get the opposite of the megalomania up top.
And then start hating everyone below them and engaging in absolute oppression and domination.
And anything left standing has to be pulled down because it's a threat to them. Yertle
the Turtle has to be up on top. And so higher, higher, build me up higher. I have to be higher
than the birds, I have to be higher than the clouds, I have to be higher than the sun.
The old story of Yertle the Turtle, Dr. Seuss. And here we are at that point. There is no
doubt that the establishment has decided to go the way of premeditated oppression. The
Republicans have been told, get in line. They're running the hoax that the Realty Party, not
the neo-con variant, has been discredited.
Because even though it's not perfect, it holds the seeds of the Republic, private property,
the family, Second Amendment, right to life, things like that in its guts. And so it must
be destroyed. And so they're running the hoax that the states are discredited and there's
no rights there. And there's no rights in the individuals and gun owners are collectively
guilty for the violence in Mexico, even though our government helped set that up with Fast
and Furious.
And we're guilty for Sandy Hook and we're collectively terrorist and we're collectively
bad. And racial division, creating a race connection. If you don't like socialist healthcare
written by the insurance companies to bankrupt the country and consolidate power. Completely
fascist but they sell it as some socialist freebie.
Now you must be racist then, you're like, what does that have to do with common sense?
It's a non-starter, it doesn't matter if it doesn't make sense. Because everything is
debased down to a bunch of bleeding and shouting. Or emails and comments I see going, I like
Newt Gingrich, that's a real conservative. They don't know he's a globalist picked as
a university professor cuz he wrote publications calling for world government.
Calling for a one world planetary regime, hanging out at Bilderberg group meetings and
stuff, they don't know. And I listen to talk radio callers on other shows, they're so helpless
most of them. And that's a more informed group on average, they have no idea. It just doesn't
make sense, the government shouldn't raise taxes, the government shouldn't do that.
It's gonna make the economy shut down, they're so stupid. They're not stupid ladies and gentlemen,
they are financially debasing you. Now here's the deal, I'm gonna be getting into the economy,
I've got to today, it's so important, covered it some yesterday but not one-tenth of what
I should.
A bunch of medical news, now people are finally listening about MSG, doesn't just make you
sick, it brain damages you, okay? Don't eat MSG, we've got to eradicate it. Aspartame
now it's coming out, it's giving people type 2 diabetes. As I told you 17 years ago, they
knew day one, they couldn't get it approved in the 60s and 70s folks, it killed the monkeys
they fed it to, killed them, go look it up.
That's finally in CBS news and finally, but they're hitting us with hundreds of chemicals
on purpose, remember. But even if people are weak minded and can't admit that cuz that's
scary, even if you deny it, it's still going on. The point is it's hurting you, so we've
got some news on that.
The shocking truth about organic foods grown in the world's worst environmental cesspool
China being flown in, it's not just horse meat. Horse meat, it's what's for dinner,
it's not just fake fish, chicken they texturize and put chemicals in to give it a fishy taste
and they put it through different machinery and re-cost it to look like fish, extruding
it out of molds, they do it with pork.
All this is coming out that the food's fake, the water's fake, fake, fake, fake, that's
part of living under a tyranny. And it's part of living in a society where there's no lying
going on or I don't care if the government lies to me. Well, when you don't care if the
government's lying to you, or if you don't care if corporations are lying to you, and
if you just kinda unplug from reality and just go with it, very bad things happen.
See, everybody's been taught it's an attribute to be silly, to be foolish, to not care, to
say to hell with it, but it's not, ladies and gentlemen, it just makes things worse.
Now that said, I'm gonna cover our top story when it ties into the other Second Amendment
news and the TSA news on the other side of this break. And I knew this was already being
tested, I knew this was coming, but it really freaks me out because it's so over the top
brazen. And I want you to call all your friends and family, whether they have an iPhone, they
can go download the free iPhone app.
It's linked to mfallwars.com or prisonplanet.com in the listen page area, or just Google free
mfallwars iPhone app, or there's a free Android apps, all of them. Or you can listen on your
local AM or FM station, XM 166 picks up the second and third hour. But tell your friends
and family to tune in right now.
Tell them to tune in right now, email them, call them, tell your co-workers if you're
on lunch, you need to hear this. Because the system plans on just putting this out there,
and maybe they have a congressional hearing and then debate it, and then nothing happens.
This is the end of due process. It's really a cherry on top of everything. And it confirms
everything else, all the documents, all the training manuals, all my law enforcement sources
in FBI, in ATF, in federal marshals, in state police, in local police.
I told you years ago they're trying to confiscate veterans guns in mass. I told you years ago
they're gonna send a letter to veterans saying come turn your guns in. They're gonna tell
generals to turn their guns in, just like the Soviets did. They'd only captured part
of Moscow, they ordered the military to turn their guns in, and they did it. They promised
an amnesty if they did.
I mean, this has happened everywhere else, and we just can't believe it's happening here.
They really are gonna have a hot coup takeover, a purge, a mass arrest. They really are planning
that, okay? That's not rhetoric. We've gotta defend the Republic, we've gotta defeat these
globalist tyrants. We'll be right back, stay with us.
Introducing Pro One, all of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride, and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid, advanced manufacturing
technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media
for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one filter element. It is the only
one that does it, and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code
water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
a new Pro One filter today at Infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Are you or someone you love struggling with stress, anxiety, or less than perfect health?
Hi, this is Pastor Jenny, and as a woman of faith, I spent many years in ministry burdened
with anxiety and fear. But in 2010, I met Dr. Carolyn Dean, and I took her recommendation
to try RNA drops. Within days of taking RNA drops, my anxiety began to lift. My joy was
restored, and the peace of mind that I would have once called a miracle has now become
normal to me. Discover what RNA drops can do for you. Order your free sample today at
www.rnafreesample.com. That's rnafreesample.com. There, you can order a free 30-day trial-size
bottle of RNA drops by paying just shipping and handling. That's www.rnafreesample.com.
Maybe there's a miracle waiting there for you.
Stop the pain from broken, shipped, and damaged nails with a revolutionary new nail hardener.
Nails of Steel. Apply just one drop of Nails of Steel over natural or polished nails and
go. With Nails of Steel, there's virtually no drying time, and it's guaranteed. Order
this all-natural, antifungal, and herbal formula for women and men at NailsOfSteel.com. That's
NailsOfSteel.com. Nails of Steel. It's like a salon in a bottle.
Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered why banks, stockbrokers, investment advisors
won't talk about gold IRAs? They've been available since 1986, yet the financial industry won't
recognize the value of gold for your retirement. Gold has outperformed paper investments, yet
no word about IRAs. If you would like to have gold for your retirement, call 800-686-2237.
Don't get left behind by rising inflation and low returns, call 800-686-2237. Secure
your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
Hey everybody, Ty Bollinger here. Once again, real life, real stories.
And he discovered Carnivora. Was so thrilled with the product that he shared it with his
family and his friends and his patients. My dad was a family physician, he was a medical
doctor.
Almost all the symptoms were either diminished or gone. Amazing product, amazing results.
Like an amazing thing, having such a profound change in how I feel and knowing that it was
the Carnivora that did it.
And a lot of patients got better, ranging from immune dysfunction to allergies and infection.
Here's the toll-free telephone number to call to access the Carnivora telecast at carnivora.com
on Tuesday, March 12th, 8 p.m. Eastern Time. Call 1-888-694-9666. That's 1-888-694-9666.
Once again, 1-888-694-9666. Visit c-a-r-n-i-v-o-r-a dot com or call 1-866-VENUSFLY to order now.
Okay, let me get into our top stories, ladies and gentlemen. First off, federal government
moves to disarm veterans. No judge, no jury. They just say, well, you're a combat vet.
You're not allowed to have guns anymore. We can't trust you, cuz it's a foreign takeover.
We have the official Department of Veterans Affairs saying, here is your letter. You can't
own guns anymore. No judge, no jury. It's like a no-fly list. As Rahm Emanuel said back
when he was White House Chief of Staff, he said, we're just gonna put you on a no gun
buy list, whoever we want, because we think maybe you might be a possible terrorist.
We're gonna be going over that, going over the actual documents that we have linked up
at infowars.com, where it's all broken down. We're gonna get the constitutional lawyer
on who's representing these clients. So that is all coming up. Sincerely yours, Kay Kalama,
Veterans Service Center, Oregon Department of Veterans Affairs. That's just this letter.
No judge, no jury, no nothing. It's kinda like when LA sends me a bill for $1,200 saying,
somebody put it infowars.com, sign up. And so you owe us this or we're gonna arrest you.
No citation, no judge, no jury, no statutory law. Just we have men with guns. We will sue
you. We will put a warrant out and Texas reciprocates. They are going to arrest you. The state police
are going to arrest you. $1,200 scum. Veterans, there is no law. We are red codes. We're coming
for your guns.
We have SWAT teams ready. Of course, they'll take their guns later too, but they'll love
it. I mean, the vets don't turn their guns and they'll burn them up like Dorner. Federal
government moves to disarm veterans, boom. DHS contractor apologizes for selling shooting
targets of children. Now, we put it out. We put the story out. We broke it on Monday.
People couldn't believe it. The company responded. DHS spent 2 million requesting targets of
children to shoot and pregnant women. And now they've responded apologizing saying they
won't sell them to the public anymore. That was their mistake. They were supposed to just
sell those to DHS and keep that training with the 2 billion bullets quiet.
So that's now official. And Michael Moore, who has bodyguards that I've personally been
shoved around by for no reason, tried to ask him a question in the New York streets politely.
You could see they all had bulges under their jackets carrying firearms. His bodyguards
have been arrested before carrying firearms in illegal areas like the airport. But he
has guns, by the way, and he has bodyguards. He says, you, we have the video, he says get
a dog. You're not worth $80 million like Michael Moore or my old friend Charlie Sheen, who's
being politically correct now, I guess, saying, well, I've got bodyguards, so you don't need
a gun.
Well, Charlie, we don't all make $3 million a week like you. We don't all own a block
of the Hollywood Hills. What, four houses on the same block, bro? Here, let's go over
to this giant palace house with swimming pools, and it's the disconnect, ladies and gentlemen.
And I'm not, I like Charlie, I've known him a long time. I can't even bring myself to
call him and criticize him. I don't even know what to do anymore, I gotta call him.
Speaking of talking to people, I'm gonna come back in a longer segment and get into the
magnitude of the officially, no judge, no jury, no designation, no nothing. Mainly how
they're doing is you go into the VA and they ask you, how you feeling, Bob?
Been a little angry lately after you had to have that leg amputated as a diabetes? Yeah,
that's really making me angry. Okay, have fun going home. And you get home and the CPS
is taking your kids and your guns have been taken forever. Yeah, they're not just gonna
take your guns, they're gonna take your kids, I forgot that part.
That's all over the news. They even have veterans organizations now. Yeah, you go watch Zero
Dark Thirty and it's all the Navy SEALs and they're real men and we're gonna be replaced
with robots very soon. The Air Force already is. That's how much the system loves the troops.
They hate you. Let me show some TV viewers this card. Rob Jacobson gave this to me for
my birthday on February 11th as a joke.
It's Bill and Hillary Clinton. And that's back when they were CIA operatives in the
late 60s. And they were over in London under a famous CIA section chief. Yeah, they're
CIA just like Anderson Cooper. And when you're CIA, that's foreign banks that took over through
skull and bones that founded the CIA under OSS in 41 and the CIA in 47. This is the foreign
takeover group.
This is the monopoly group and this is who rules us. These are the people that run our
country today. About as high as it gets are Hillary and Clinton as top level minions of
the actual owners. And look at them, I wanna show people this. This is who we're gonna
bow to. We're gonna take forced inoculations cuz they say. We're gonna turn our guns in
cuz we say.
And they're gonna take the veterans kids cuz they say. And they're gonna put us in reeducation
camps cuz they say. And look how weak and pathetic they are. But because they're weak
and pathetic laughing at us, we'll let them run our lives because we love to be slaves.
Here on the march, the empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN radio network.
Your freedoms are on the line. The second amendment is in danger. How soon before your
freedoms are taken away? What can you not live without? What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns? Is it your home? No, it's food. It all boils down to the food supply.
All governments control people by controlling their food supply. Don't be dependent. Be
self-sufficient. Don't wait for the government to feed you. Feed yourself. I can warn you
but I can't feed you. Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from eFoods Direct.
It's the best long-term storable food on the planet. Get the popular Mega Patriot pack
free. A 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot and fuel. Call 800-409-5633 or go
to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot packs free with purchase.
Build your food supply, be in control, be self-sufficient and be a patriot. Call 800-409-5633
or eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get your free Patriot pack today.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing
a full selection of silver-based products. Our most popular silver-based products are
the 32-ounce nano silver solutions, our 2-ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well as
our all-natural silver soaps. Just released is our 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver
gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents which quickly evaporate and leave the silver
at the surface. But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing
chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the
silver more effectively. Visit www.SilverLungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver-based
products are best for you. That's www.SilverLungs.com.
It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus can inflict severe
damage in the human body. Fortunately, a new and vastly improved silver solution has been
developed. Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary broad-spectrum antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal
solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin. Supernatural Silver
is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers using a patented technology that is
highly effective against colds, flus, infections, food poisoning and yeast in addition to many
other pathogens. Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe and is the number
one choice of thousands of people for immune system support. Find out how Supernatural
Silver could change your life. Go to www.SupernaturalSilver.com and use the promo code HEALTHY for 20% off.
That's www.SupernaturalSilver.com and like us on Facebook.
You've heard it here. I'm on television so everybody knows it. I believe in the Second
Amendment. I believe in people's lawful right to bear arms.
We're going to find the people who are doing this, take them out and shoot them. You take
them out, they are traitors of this country and shoot them. Shoot them dead. I'll pay
for the bullet. Challenge Alex Jones to a boxing match, show up with a semi-automatic
that you got in Glee Goys and pop them. I'd love to see that. In uniform.
I will not take your shotgun away. I will not take your rifle away. I won't take your
gun away. Mr. and Mrs. America, turn them all in.
Alright folks, Alex Jones here back live and we have a lot of new listeners today. Let
me explain what's happened. Foreign mega banks have taken over most of the world because
they can issue unlimited currency and credit and then pay our governments off to sign on
to that fraudulent derivative debt. Because that fake paper, once it's invested and once
it infects the 401ks, the pension funds, the bond markets, now is basically holding us
all hostage.
And this is how they're consolidating the economy into a top-down, organized, managed
command and control system. And they have basically hobbled the public's mind by only
teaching you about leftism and right-wingism or fascism on the right, communism on the
left. And which you know fascism always becomes authoritarian, communism becomes authoritarian
because they're authoritarian systems designed by the robber barons starting in the 1870s
on record.
I mean, they've had the congressional hearings on this. There have been countless white papers
and books written by Helmut Schmidt, Men in Powers, a political retrospective, Carol Quigley's
Tragedy and Hope. I don't know, four or five books, I've read three of them by Zbigniew
Brzezinski, all of it. And they sell it to every audience, they sell it to libertarians
one way, they're Peter Thiel.
They sell it to liberals another way, they sell it to right-wingers another way. But
really it's all the same poison labeled with different flavors. It's grape, it's cherry,
it's coconut, it's strawberry, it's orange, it's lime, it's lemon lime. It's all those
flavors, it's raspberry Kool-Aid, but it's all the same base poison cyanide.
Jim Jones handed out a bunch of different flavors there in Guyana, but it was all the
same thing at the rock bottom, at the rock bottom. And they are trying to create literally
a false political reality with a dumbed down population so that the globalists, let's look
at motive, get the life extension technologies and can have their progeny enjoy the resources
of the Earth and the advanced human development for themselves.
It is the ultimate act of total domination. The culmination of British royalty funding
scientists in the 1850s beginning for a political system of total control to end the species
as it has been known to artificialize it, to hobble it, to binary damage it with a poison
in the culture of artificial degeneration so that the power structure has to be the
artificial gravitational girder or center of the wheel system to unify and control it.
Everything is about making us dependent on them, getting us in the judicial system, getting
us in the psychiatric system, getting us into the criminal justice system, getting us into
the fraternity, into the cult, into the guild, into the right wing and the liberal, the gay,
the straight, the black, the white, the raza, the matcha, the clan.
Getting you into your group then with key globalist over it at each point in Rothkop
and the Kissinger groups superclass model. I had Rothkop head of the Kissinger group
at the time who wrote superclass five years ago. I talk about it so much because I'm like,
why did you come on the show when I saw your book in the Washington Post?
He goes, well, I know it's a good size show. And I said, did you think I was Alex S. Jones,
the head of the Shorenstein Center and the former head of the New York Times? He goes,
no, I knew you were Alex E. Jones. He goes, I wanted to have you on and try to convince
you globalism is good. I was talking to him during the few breaks. He was on for 30 minutes,
maybe it was an hour.
You can go pull up that interview out there. And after that, we've called him. He said,
no, I couldn't convince you. You don't understand. I don't want to come back on. I'm too busy.
But during the breaks, he's like, well, you're part of the superclass. You're like a leader
of the Patriots. I mean, that's how this works. I was like, oh, I can still be a patriot and
be Mr. Libertarian, but then I can kind of do a little favors.
He's like, well, that's not how it works. This is during the break talking to him, but
he's like, it's not as bad as you say. It's the way it's always been. It's no big deal.
It's warm inside. Come on inside, Alex. But see, that's only the cover story, folks. It's
very dark on the inside of this thing.
And I'm not bragging about myself. I'm not bragging about Alex Jones here. I'm saying
that I've had top national radio executives try to get me to sell out to the New World
Order. And it's the same thing. Globalism's the future. You can't stop it, Alex. You're
gonna be a star or be on this crusade and go nowhere.
I've been giving that speech like four times by four different radio executives. Rothkop
was giving me the speech during three minute breaks. Don't you understand, folks? This
is not my opinion about this New World Order. But I'll tell you what I found. When everybody
sold out, and I never did this on purpose.
But when everybody sold out, it's lesser and lesser returns to sell out. I never sold out
because I'm not signing on to corruption and evil and death instruction. I have goodwill
for people. But I'll use an analogy that I've read in the Wall Street Journal and other
places about porn.
30 years ago, a top porn actress might get paid two, $3 million a year, half a million
dollars per picture. Now, the quality of women is off the charts, supermodel level, and they're
getting paid $500. Because there's such a glut, every young woman wants to be a star.
The only place you get called a star, a mind control event. You're a star being a cop.
You're a star being a bureaucrat. You're a star when you're the manager at McDonald's.
You have power, like a TSA says, I have power, I have power. Now the women are paid $500,
top stars $2,000, $3,000. And they've got to do more and more horrible things.
And I've read where the porn directors and people brag, it's been my mission to destroy
society and Christianity. And of course, they're just cogs too. The top scientific technocrats,
they've got their God, they've got what they believe in. But it's about debasing you so
you have no human empathy, so that when you're being abused next, your neighbors won't help
you.
Because they've lost their empathy. In fact, I'm gonna get to the top story here in a moment.
But yesterday I was driving home, and I never do this. And I said, you know what? I'm gonna
turn down this street, and I'm gonna go to this movie theater. And I bet there is a zero
dark 30 showing in ten minutes.
And I didn't really know movie show times, cuz I went home early yesterday at about three
o'clock. My kids weren't gonna be home till about six, so I thought, you know what? If
it's showing right at three, three ten, I'll see it. I pull in, three ten, walk in, it
starts, two and a half hour movie.
And I just knew what the whole thing was gonna be. It was a giant torture porn event with
powerful sexy women doing the torturing. And it's so powerful, the CIA is so cool, and
they're such great people. And they're so good, and they're so nice. Folks, they run
the giant child kidnapping rings.
They run the narcotics. And I don't just need the Solicitor General's hearings in 97 where
they confirm they run most of the narcotics. Or that the CIA protects the groups that run
the snuff films and all of it. And Brzezinski's argument in one of his books, he says, yeah,
we control organized crime.
What was it, the Technotronic Age, I believe. Wrote that in the 70s. He goes, yeah, well,
yeah, the intelligence agencies, Interpol in Europe, CIA here, we do control the organized
crime and all the vices. Because then we can control it and limit it by controlling it,
cuz it'll always be there.
It's like a fake libertarian Rand Corporation statement. Hey, it isn't your libertarian
technotronic right to grab five year olds out of backyards, torture them, rape them
for six months and blow their heads off. Cuz you're into that. And then all their movies
now are about demons killing kids, and the kids kill their parents, and all the rest
of it.
And all this stuff, getting you ready for the real deal. Bathing you, waterboarding
you in just Satanism. Just, yeah, we're torturing people's kids to keep you safe for 9-11, the
whole movies. They killed 3,000 of our citizens, so we've gotta torture them. Of course, they
didn't show the little kids being tortured, or how they got KSM to talk, and then confess
the things he didn't do in the movie.
As dog collars and people defecating on themselves, and I sat there and watched women in the audience,
it was mainly women. Cuz it was a matinee, a late matinee, and it was about ten women
in there and about five men. And I sat there, people watching, and watched the women getting
upset and also feeling powerful.
Ooh, look how they just tortured him, getting off on it. I mean, it's so sick how they're
programming you. So this is not the CIA, this is foreign governments. And I don't even need
to know all the congressional hearings and what's admitted and the army reports. Every
person I know who was in the CIA in my extended family that I've talked to, and it's like,
you have family in the CIA?
Yeah, it's like saying I had family that worked for Frito-Lay. It's a gigantic operation,
about 50 times bigger than you're even told it is. There's CIA in every neighborhood,
it's nothing. It's not like some sex, it's like porn stars. They're nothing but whores
on video, because there's a glut, it's nothing.
And they recruit all these people that think they're rock stars. You go to Walmart or Target
and half the toys for kids are how to spy on your parents and how to be a spy, priming
them right out of high school. And they all just get off on how their secret agents, they're
buying the whole thing.
It's a joke, you're nobody, you're nobody, nobody, and nobody rides for free. You're
not America, you're the sword going right in America's heart. And it was Churchill that
said the truth must be guarded by a bodyguard of lies. That's another twisted way of saying
we've got to be more evil than the evil guys to beat them.
No, that's not how you beat evil. You have the moral high ground, you have the facts,
and you work and build up society and create investment and give people their own money
back and you take to the stars. That's what builds civilizations, not a bunch of sickos
lying to the public and lying to themselves.
I'm gonna do my review of the film. It's already out there online too. You can buy it online.
I'm gonna have to watch it and take notes. It was so horrible. It was exactly what I
knew it would be. Just a giant fable fiction. And I knew from the start at the end, she
would be there when they got his body and I even saw her in a tent unzipping it cuz
none of us were allowed to see bin Laden cuz it was all fake.
Now they killed the seals that were involved, almost all of them. That didn't fit into the
narrative like, Pat Tillman died charging the machine gun nest. Of course he did with
the Easter Bunny. And I knew before it started, she at the end, it would be in the tent and
that she would unzip it by herself and she would see bin Laden and then we would all
have the collective event of seeing bin Laden.
I remember how they put out all those fake bin Laden videos and photos of him dead. And
we even went and found the original photos and showed it was fake. And then I'd talk
to people who have like family and intelligence and stuff and they'd go, I'm not gonna show
you the photo but it's real.
We were shown it internally. And we're like, you don't have those clearances. You were
sent it by some of your buddies at the different defense contractors. I won't say which one.
And I said, is it this one? They're like, I'm not gonna talk about it. See, you were
shown the real photo.
And the weak minded public that thinks wrestling is real, they all went and a lot of them are
gonna think that was real. Zero Dark Thirty, you saw bin Laden's body. And the woman goes
and unzips it. And there it is. And it's so, so powerful and so wonderful. And all the
hot blondes and redheads torturing people.
Yeah, it's so powerful and they get the job done. And it's all this caddy fake trendy
yuppie thing, all these fake mannerisms pre-programmed, all of it. I could just see the layers of
psych warfare. Meanwhile, the guys up on top, they're in power cuz they like to watch snuff
films of kids all day.
All the big old ugly men that you bow down to and kiss their butt all day. All you women
in the CIA wonder why none of them are interested in you. You've just signed on to pulling toddler's
teeth out with pliers. You've just signed on to the coldest circle of hell, the night
circle.
And again, I'm not even demonizing the CIA cuz it's just a New World Order British banking
intelligence. It's a private Rothschild intelligence basically, a Russell Trust intelligence, an
Illuminati intelligence. On record, Illuminati founded Skull and Bones, 1832. Skull and Bones
creates the core of the OSS US version for British implantation.
The two penetrating each other, merging the houses. That's what Pratt House was meant
to do. It is well set up in 1922 in New York. We are the British Empire. We are the New
World Order and we pay for it and we get the blame for it and we get all of it. And then
the good old boys sit around and go, yeah, we got them Arabs.
We got them Arabs oil. We got them Arabs. And I'm like, hey, Bubba, what were you paying
before the last Gulf War in 1991? What were you paying in the second big one in 2003?
You're paying about $1, $25, $30, $40. You like paying four bucks a gallon? Saddam's
crime was pumping too much oil to pay off his debts. His crime was wanting to have a
sovereign country. His crime was being a CIA high level trainee to be a puppet of Iraq
and kicking the CIA out and saying I'm the boss.
His crime was putting women in college. His crime was playing rock and roll music on the
radio. His crime was not being run by Saudi Arabia. And his crime was, again, the Iran-Iraq
war. They ordered him to launch against Iran that killed several million Iranians and hundreds
of thousands of Iraqis.
That seven, eight, nine year war, that got him into $40 billion worth of debt. He was
trying to pay it off. And they said, hey, Saddam, we want you to give them these vaccines.
He said, I'm not gonna kill my people. I'm not gonna sterilize them. And they said, well,
then die, punk.
We took you when you were an army captain at age 20 and trained you for three years
in Cairo for your job to break down that country and kill your people. And you're gonna do
it or you're dead. Is that clear? And by the way, the goal they have for America is the
exact same goal they have for those Iraqis.
And that they've got for the Libyans, and they've got for the Syrians, and they've got
for the American people. And they've got for the Canadians, and they've got for every African,
every Latin American, every Asian, everybody on Earth is targeted by the new world order.
And they are not going away. They are not standing down. They are not backing off. They
are not quitting. And now they're getting ready to downsize the civilian force by a
million plus.
They're getting ready to downsize the armed forces by 200,000 at least. And they're going
all robots and drones. And they're gonna list you as the enemies while praising you. That's
a high level psych op. Veterans are God. Veterans are God. Veterans are the best hero ever.
By the way, take their guns. They're the terrorists. Mow them down. You're like, I love the government.
They say we're heroes, but they're mowing us down. That is a coordinated, multifaceted
shy op hitting you at both levels.
Your freedoms are on the line. The Second Amendment is in danger. How soon before your
freedoms are taken away? What can you not live without? What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns? Is it your home? No. It's food. It all boils down to the food supply.
Tyrannical governments control people by controlling their food supply. Don't be dependent. Be
self-sufficient. Don't wait for the government to feed you. Feed yourself. I can warn you,
but I can't feed you. Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from e Foods Direct.
It's the best long-term, storable food on the planet. Get the popular Mega Patriot Pack
free. A 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot and fuel. Call 800-409-5633 or go
to efoodsdirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot Packs free with purchase.
Build your food supply, be in control, be self-sufficient and be a patriot. Call 800-409-5633
or efoodsdirect.com slash Alex and get your free Patriot Pack today.
It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus can inflict severe
damage in the human body. Fortunately, a new and vastly improved silver solution has been
developed. Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary broad-spectrum antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal
solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin. Supernatural Silver
is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers using a patented technology that is
highly effective against colds, flus, infections, food poisoning and yeast in addition to many
other pathogens. Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe and is the number
one choice of thousands of people for immune system support. Find out how Supernatural
Silver could change your life. Go to supernaturalsilver.com and use the promo code healthy for 20% off.
Visit supernaturalsilver.com and like us on Facebook.
Is this the year you finally get serious about your family's drinking water? If so, keep
listening for a special offer from Big Berkey Water Filters. Did you know that over 60%
of municipal water is fluoridated? Berkey Water Filters distinguish themselves from
many other filtration systems with the capability to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine,
fluoride, arsenic and disinfection byproducts from municipal water via the Black Berkey
and PF line of filters. Then there's affordability. At only 1.7 cents per gallon, Berkey Water
Filters purify treated and untreated water, even stagnant pond water. Stop and think how
much money you could save by simply reducing buying bottled water and using water filtered
by your Berkey Water Filter. No need to be constantly replacing expensive filters with
a Berkey. A single set of filters can last for 5 to 10 years. Choose the best size Berkey
for your needs at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com. And right now, all GCN listeners get 5% off
all ceramic filter systems. Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com. Free shipping
on every order over $50. Big Berkey Water Filters, for the love of clean water.
The Genesis Communications Radio Network proudly presents the Alex Jones Show. Because there's
a war on for your mind. I tell you what, here's what I'm going to do. Because I know a lot
of people are tuning in because I've asked listeners to call their friends and family.
I'm going to go over these letters where they're just saying there's no judge, there's no jury.
We're just going to say you are now, what's the term they use? Incompetent. When you have
your 95-year-old dad or whatever, because you won't stop driving the car, you haven't
declared incompetent, make them a ward.
They're going to make veterans just in mass wards. They're going to make you serve five,
six, seven, eight tours. They're going to put people on psychotropics that make them
go haywire. And then they're going to use the minority that do bad things, it's a small
minority, veterans feel statistically very low crime rate. And they're going to take
all of your rights while having we salute the troops at the Super Bowl.
And all those psyops. I told you the Mayak and Homeland Security report said the veterans
are the number one terror threat. They will attack every city, they will attack every
department with IEDs, that's the manuals. And people saw that four years ago and said
this can't be real. Veterans will attack every police department? Well, they're going to
start a civil war, they're going to hunt you down.
If we let them do this, this is outrageous, foreign global is trying to do this. Then
I got all the other news. I got Michael Moore saying you shouldn't be able to have any guns,
get a dog. Well, he has guns on record and five or six bodyguards every time I've seen
him. I've seen him at the DNC with about, let's not exaggerate, ten people, looked like
seven of them were bodyguards, three of them were entourage.
What is this about entourage? You haven't arrived, you haven't been entouraged behind
you? I mean, I guess Michael Moore is the equivalent of five people himself, I'm not
trying to be mean. It's just it's so hypocritical, so we're going to be talking about that. By
the way, so many times you listen to people, you like their music, you like their art,
you like their politics, you like what they say.
But you never imagined you'll ever talk to them. And sometimes you talk to them and it's
anticlimactic, other times it's even better than you thought. And I was truthful with
him. I said, five, six, seven years ago, I disagree with some things you said about the
left, how they should all be thrown in prison, cuz that's tyrannical.
But now they're saying throw everybody who's a libertarian in prison. I understand it was
tongue in cheek, he goes, yeah, you get it. But talk to Michael Savage yesterday, and
he's on the show next Tuesday, next Tuesday with some groundbreaking news and information.
Not just on his new book being censored, but so much more. This is probably gonna be quite
a mix, quite an explosive mix in a good way.
Because Savage, I don't wanna say he's reclusive, but he doesn't do a lot of media, and it's
hard to get him on the air. And so I am very excited about what is gonna be obviously a
newsmaking interview with Michael Savage and the threat he thinks is posed by China infiltrating
our government.
And I certainly agree with that. But more, he's gonna be on this, I think for about 40
minutes or so. I think I gotta get all that nailed down. We have to test ISD in line with
him and all that. I even told the producer that I talked to him yesterday afternoon right
before his radio show. So I got a 25, 30 minute conversation with Michael Savage, even smarter
in person.
Because I disagree with some things he said over the years. But overall, he's a patriot,
pro Second Amendment, pro sovereignty, been demonized quite a bit, banned from going to
England. But I mean, I can't believe people I get to talk to. I mean, I'm sitting there
for like 25 minutes talking to Michael Savage.
And he didn't say any of this is off record, but he was saying quite a bit interesting
stuff that's just gonna be off record. If he wants to say it on air, he is welcome to.
But I certainly don't kiss and tell, as they say, in the journalism business. So wow, Michael
Savage, very interesting, very, very interesting.
The things we talked about to say the least, Amanda, if that was on radio, that would be
powerful. So we'll see what happens next Tuesday. And there's some other big stuff gonna happen
next week that's even bigger than that. It's not a guest bigger than Michael Savage. If
this happens, it'll probably be one of the biggest things we ever did.
And muy grande, how do you say dangerous in Spanish? Belly groso? Muy grande belly groso?
Belly groso. Just my life is really like a science fiction movie. But all our lives are
checking it out. We're coming up. This is GCN, the Genesis communications radio network.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system,
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping
or away from home who's watching out for intruders? Check out simply safe. It's a new do it yourself
home security system that is completely wireless. Go to get simply safe.com simply safe is independent
and off the grid. It runs on battery power. So even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable. So you can use it in your home business boat trailer storage
unit or shed get simply safe.com simply safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself
in under 20 minutes. So there's no need to let a stranger into your home. If you move
or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always
at home, but simply safe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven
days a week. Again, that's get simply safe.com. Waging war on corruption. Alex Jones on the
GCN radio network. Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover ups. You want answers?
Well, so does he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network. And now live from Austin, Texas,
Alex Jones. Speaking of Michael Savage, who I talked to yesterday is on with us next Tuesday.
He got criticized a decade ago talking about all the disease coming out of Mexico. The
drug immune TB, all of it. Thousands may have been exposed to deadly TB epidemic downtown
LA. And again, it's all pretty much coming out of Mexico. And I mean, it's a third world
collapsing country.
Be like if we had India next door or something. You understand if we keep taking all these
people and it lowers the wages, it's gonna collapse the economy. And that's the globalist
plan. It's just so incredible. I wanna build Mexico up, but you don't let Mexico an authoritarian
country use the US as a steam valve.
And the globalist here want that cuz it's part of North American Union. I just have
goodwill and know that the globalist are behind all this and it makes me sick. So we're gonna
be getting to that report out of, what is that, CBS. We're gonna be getting to all of
that coming up. And we got all these distractions going on. The feds to sue Lance Armstrong.
I mean, come on. Professional sports is full of drugs. I'm not saying that's okay. Go after
the Bank of England and the Federal Reserve for LIBOR scandal fixing interest rates. Let's
go after all the stuff that again makes Bernie Madoff look like an angel compared to it.
Let's go after the government narcotics trafficking. All we're hearing about is Oscar Pistorius,
is that how you pronounce it? I've been ignoring this. The granted bail ahead of murder trial.
Every news channel, you wouldn't think they're gearing up for war with Iran. War in Syria,
Libya, destabilization, new Al-Qaeda alerts, imploding economy, all I'm hearing about.
All I'm hearing about. Look at this, FBI agents caught sexting drug dealers. Man, just such
a corrupt society. And what do you think happens to FBI agents and people that are involved
in the drug running and stuff? I mean, they're around it. I mean, they're instantly taken
to a party, hooked up with the cream of the Midwest farm girl, who's a whore now, and
they're controlled by the underworld ever after.
How do you stop that? You stop, I'm reading Drudge Report right now, that's why I'm doing
that, Biden to gun owners. You've had no better friend out there in 35 years than me. He's
re-quoting the same crap he said over and over and over again. Politico's been frozen
out after calling Obama the puppet master. Yeah, they were just writing about what an
incredible manipulator he was and how much they loved it.
But no, no, Obama's not a puppet master. In fact, I saw Zero Dark Thirty where they killed
the Easter Bunny. I mean, bin Laden, I mean, Santa Claus, I mean, the Loch Ness Monster.
And it showed the film, and it must be real, and it has Obama on there saying, I will not
allow torture.
It doesn't matter that they estimate they've doubled the black sites, the ghost sites,
the torture sites. It doesn't matter they found one in Benghazi down the street when
they ordered to stand down where they're torturing people. It doesn't matter, he has a peace
prize. So when he attacks Libya, or Syria, or five different other African countries,
it's loving, it's liberal.
Now when we come back, I'm gonna focus, cover the news, and then I'm gonna go to your phone
calls and a bunch of video clips. But I'll get the number out when we come back in the
next segment. I intend soon to change the clock. It was I, 14 years ago, 15 years ago
when we started the weekday show, I was doing a weeknight before that, where I said, I don't
like stations having to carry brainwashing news.
So we'll just have five minutes where I do the news, or cover stuff, and then we'll have
a three minute, we'll come in the day after. And stations adopt that, but they don't like
it. So we're gonna leave the whole clock alone, except I gotta get around to having it reprogrammed.
John Harmon, you should look into that fellow running the show right now in Minnesota. We
should look at keeping the exact same clock, but I'll just do three minutes there until
we reprogram it all officially with news, and then come out at six after. Don't you
think that's the way to go, buddy? Okay, good, yeah, we'll get that done.
And then I am going to, again, get into the veterans. We're just calmly talking about,
yeah, outside of law, the veterans have their guns taken now, and anybody else the government
wants. But I mean, that's good. I mean, we don't need any due process anymore. I mean,
we have our peace prize winner after all, dictator Obama.
Your freedoms are on the line. The Second Amendment is in danger. How soon before your
freedoms are taken away? What can you not live without? What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns? Is it your home? No, it's food. It all boils down to the food supply.
Tyranical governments control people by controlling their food supply. Don't be dependent. Be
self-sufficient. Don't wait for the government to feed you. Feed yourself. I can warn you,
but I can't feed you. Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from eFoods Direct.
It's the best long-term, storable food on the planet. Get the popular Mega Patriot Pack
free. A 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot, and fuel. Call 800-409-5633 or go
to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot Packs free with purchase.
Hold your food supply, be in control, be self-sufficient, and be a patriot. Call 800-409-5633 or eFoodsDirect.com
slash Alex and get your free Patriot Pack today.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal-Bend
Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth-friendly and safe. See them on the web at FiveStarSoap.com or call 800-340-7091
for a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice
as good as what you're using now. Or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps
for all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at FiveStarSoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, moles, and fungus can inflict severe
damage in the human body. Fortunately, a new and vastly improved silver solution has been
developed. Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary broad spectrum antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal
solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin. Supernatural Silver
is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers using a patented technology that is
highly effective against colds, flus, infections, food poisoning, and yeast in addition to many
other pathogens. Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe, and is the number
one choice of thousands of people for immune system support. Find out how Supernatural
Silver could change your life. Go to SupernaturalSilver.com and use the promo code healthy for 20% off.
That's SupernaturalSilver.com and like us on Facebook.
Big Brother, Mainstream Media, Government Cover-Ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Thank you for joining us, ladies and gentlemen. The information I have really makes me speechless.
I knew it was coming, but it's moving so fast. It just blows us away. They are sending arbitrary
letters to veterans telling them they're gonna have to turn their guns in. No judge, no jury,
no proof.
It's just like Rahm Emanuel said when he was White House Chief of Staff. He said, we're
just gonna put whoever we want on a no gun buy list, just like a no fly list. No judge,
no jury. The ATF is ordering gun shops to file criminal reports on people buying guns
so that they have some type of probable cause.
They're claiming it's criminal to buy two or more rifles or it's suspicious. Now, that's
outside of law. It's already on record that they bought rifles, handguns, long rifles.
They do that because under statutory regulations, when the gun shop reports someone bought the
two firearms, like it's a criminal report, then the ATF quote has to act.
And then they put the gun owner in a database, and then they have an excuse to come get the
records and then basically register you. And so it's all color of law fraud that's going
on. But if you go up to infowars.com or prisonplanet.com, you'll see it linked in red, federal government
moves to disarm veterans and I'm gonna cover this and then I'm gonna give the number out.
I wanna hear from veterans specifically and police on this subject. Veterans, police,
active duty only. I wanna get your quick take on this.
We knew this was coming for a long time. Bill Clinton tried this when he left office back
in 1999. Almost 90,000, I think it was 87,000 troops were told. Well, remember in Vietnam
when you collapsed from heat exhaustion, that's now being listed in your file as post-traumatic
stress you can't own guns.
No criminal record, grandfathers, you name it. I talked to a famous UT football player,
later became a professional football player. He said I could tell the story but not his
name. I was at a birthday party years ago, he told me. A lot of people would know who
he is, I said his name.
And he went to buy a 22 for his grandson. They said you can't buy guns anymore. And
he went through the thing with lawyers and everything. They said Vietnam, you've got
a designation and you can't have guns anymore. Doesn't matter if it had been 35, 40 years.
This is how this country is now going to be run. Just like last week and also last year,
I get a letter saying $1,200 in fees. Somebody put up three signs with infoawars.com on them,
homemade.
You're guilty. And I wrote him a letter back and said, well, what if people put Obama signs
up? Do you send him $400 fines per sign? And they wouldn't respond. There's no judge, there's
no jury, there's no citation. They say, the mayor's office, you can read the letters at
infoawars.com, has conducted an investigation.
And you will pay or we will put, A, a warrant out for your arrest. And if you know the law,
folks, what they're doing is a hardcore federal and state felony. Color of law, extortion,
fraud. Same thing if I dressed up like a cop and came to your house and said, give me $5,000,
you're going to jail.
Serious felony. Well, when a cop or the government steps out of their bounds, it's an even more
serious felony. But Antonio Villaraigosa, sending people letters, you're going to pay
us $1,200 or we're going to have you arrested. No judge, no jury, no citation, no grand jury,
no indictment, no criminal code, no court, nothing.
Just like the NDAA, just like the Patriot Act. If they swore it was for Al-Qaeda only,
and now they go, you know what it is for gun owners, returning veterans, libertarians,
conservatives, and born again Christians. I've got the whole list right here in an incredible
article, 14 pages long by Washington's blog that is the master of aggregating all the
proof.
How many rights have Americans really lost? And it goes over 14 pages with links to fpi.gov
that's public. And basically every activity is now an act of terrorism. I'm going to read
some of this after I get into this news and take your calls. But here it is, ladies and
gentlemen, federal government moves to disarm veterans.
It's no secret the Department of Homeland Security considers returning veterans a threat
to the established order. They said as much back in 2009 when they wrote in a special
report exposed by Alex Jones and the alternative media. Returning veterans pose combat skills
and experience that are attractive to right wing extremists. DHS INA is concerned that
right wing extremists will attempt to recruit and radicalize veterans in order to boost
their violent capabilities.
They go on to say that the number one threat following the case of veteran Brandon Robb,
who was abducted for just criticizing Obama and held in a psychiatric ward for Facebook
post and government considers subversive. Police in Ohio seized a veteran's guns after
he was adjudicated to be mentally incompetent despite the fact that a veteran's administration
psychiatric evaluation determined he was not mentally ill.
Since the veteran is active in the so called truth movement or patriot movement, it is
assumed involvement in this field is part of a reason why he's been targeted for psychiatric
evaluation, Paul Joseph Watson wrote. According to constitutional attorney Michael Conley,
we're gonna get on and he has the official letters.
The government is now moving to strip veterans it determines to be mentally incompetent.
Other Second Amendment right to own firearms Conley cites a letter shipped by the US Department
of Veterans Affairs to hundreds, perhaps thousands. It's thousands of America's heroes. You're
the enemy of the foreigners that took this country over. A determination of incompetency
will prohibit you from purchasing, possessing, receiving, or transporting.
This is from the letter, a firearms or ammunition. The VA letter states if you knowingly violate
any of these probations and prohibitions, you will be fined in prison or both pursuant
to the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act. Publication L number 103-159 is implemented
under 18 United States Code 92482. Now that's a misappropriation of it.
When Antonio Villaraigosa, the mayor's office said give me $1200, I'll arrest you or sue
you or give you a bad credit report, it threatens all three. There's no code, no nothing. So
see, it's even a bigger fraud. And again, I've confirmed all over the country, the police
show up and say, you can't be building in that barn.
Well, I've always lived here. We got horses in there. We say it's condemned. I see in
there you're arrested. You know, well, that's not been adjudicated. That's not been. Listen,
you go in there again, I'm gonna arrest you. Do you understand, boy? And see, they're just
testing to see what they can do.
And again, people are like, why are they doing this? Simultaneously worshiping the veterans.
Well, that's to make the establishment look good. Their agenda, they use the veterans
like wallpaper on. They package it, it's sugar coating on cyanide pill. Because you can say
what you want about these wars.
I know the tropes. I'd never been a hind kisser when it came to the military until I became
older and more sophisticated and found out biggest part of my audience is the military.
Because they live in the real world, folks. They see the training for gun confiscation.
They know about government lies. And they know I've studied all this and they respect
this show cuz they realize I know what I'm talking about.
They go into classified briefings here. Everything they could see in a video I made 14 years
ago because I have all the classified sources. And not just classified sources, police chiefs
like L.A. Philippus, who was an army intelligence himself, San Antonio police chief, Thomas
Sanchez, intelligence in Vietnam, county manager in Kingsville, Texas.
They come to him and say we're training for martial law. He blows the whistle. I mean,
I've talked to hundreds of these people. Travis County SWAT team commander. I went and told
him what was coming. He laughed at me. I said, all right, here's my card. You call me when
they come. Cuz I knew they'd been going to every major city in Texas.
And I looked that they'd been to all the big ones. Next had to be Austin. And I knew about
the program. This is a Pentagon infiltration of everything. And it's not our Pentagon,
it's far and run. The Pentagon's over the Rural Affairs Commission now with Homeland
Security and what do they train for?
Folks, they have rural affairs meetings that are in the news where they invite all the
old farmers and people in at the local hotel, have coffee, donuts for a two day event. Lunch,
things provided. And the first days Al-Qaeda training videos, the first few hours, then
they go right into, are your neighbors growing marijuana?
Are your neighbors spanking their kids? Are your neighbors criticizing Obama? And these
people are videotaping this and putting it on YouTube, freaking out. I mean, imagine
being World War II in Korea and Vietnam vets and you wanna fight terrorists, which are
non existent, they're run by the globalists.
You go to a FBI event and an hour into it, they're bad mouthing George Washington. And
they're there to see how you act. You're being assessed. You didn't know why you got invited
to that Infra Guard meeting. You're being assessed at a briefing. You're being put in
a target sheet. You're being like, hey, the FBI wants you to come down and talk to us.
They don't do that. Yeah, the church is inviting, especially veterans down to meet with the
FBI at the local hotel or the local VFW. Lunch is provided. And you get there and it's like,
I'm Captain Johnson, former Special Forces now assigned to FEMA.
We wanna talk about the threats to America. Here's Al Qaeda training videos. You don't
like Al Qaeda, do you? Now, let's talk about the first terrorist. It was George Washington,
Thomas Jefferson. Well, there's people like that today and they say they're not gonna
go along with inoculation during an emergency or gun confiscation.
I mean, I've got these training videos. I've put clips of them out in my films, Road to
Tyranny. Everybody's sitting there going, what is this? And you can see a guy behind
the other guy watching. Okay, Tom Jones, Bill Brown just looked like they were upset. I'm
gonna talk to him during a lunch break.
They're like, hey, Bill Brown, how you doing? So what do you think about this meeting? You're
being assessed, folks, like you're in a torture chamber. That's next down the road. I don't
like this. I don't like bad mouth in George Washington. I hear you, I hear you. Well,
we won't be needing your help anymore. Thanks a lot. You're targeted as an enemy. They pat
you on the butt as you go out.
And everybody else like, well, I got a nice flock of useful leaders who will sit here
and that's why people go, it doesn't make sense. Why are they bad mouthing George Washington
on our end of the meeting? This is universal to see. And if you don't like George Washington,
they go, hey, you're with us now.
And like even those guys are like, well, we don't really dislike George Washington behind
the scenes. We're just doing that to see if there's extremists, cuz we know they'll get
upset by that. You understand, right? And you've just been introduced to the hating
George Washington. Cuz you're introduced to the lie of, see, we can say we're against
George Washington, but we really aren't against George Washington.
You understand? We just stand for everything he stood against. I'm gonna get back to the
actual manuals and the actual letters to start the civil war when we come back. Total free
number to join us, I wanna know what you think about this. Veterans, police, and active duty.
Do you see the psy-op? I know you're smart enough to get it. 800-259-9231. 800-259-9231.
And we got big news next week.
Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride, and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing
technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media
for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one filter element. It is the only
one that does it, and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code
WATER. This is the only system that in one unit helps with pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia, and chlorine. Hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at mfallwarsstor.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Fall in love with food storage savings this February at BePrepared.com. Going on now,
BePrepared.com saves you over $300 with a premium 1600 one-year supply, including 126
tons of freeze-dried and dehydrated food. Or get the new gourmet 14-day food supply
with a full 2,000 calories per day with pre-planned menu. Stroganoff and noodles are 20% off with
purchase of six or more. Mountain House pork chops are back in stock at 34% off. Pack your
own low-moisture foods with our new do-it-yourself super pale combo on sale at 22% off. Add to
your preparedness with minor surgery kits at 15% off. And wool-blended blankets are
only $11.89. The February fall in love with savings sale ends February 28th at BePrepared.com.
For contents and details, visit BePrepared.com or call 800-999-1863. The choice is clear.
Be unprepared or BePrepared.com.
We, the people, grow cotton, wheat fabric, engrave ink, embed strips and fibers to protect
from counterfeit, then carting to a private bank, having it led back at interest, forcing
taxes to service debt. This capitalism or was Jefferson correct when stating a central
bank issuing the public currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than
a standing army?
Hi, Ted Anderson. I'm placing a free silver dollar in a book that explains our monetary
system. Call for your copy of 800-686-2237. It's time to understand the system. Call
800-686-2237. That's 800-686-2237.
In an emergency situation, would you drink contaminated water? You could if you have
the amazing LifeStraw from MyPatriotSupply.com. LifeStraw is the most advanced personal water
filter available today. It filters contaminated water from almost any source. LifeStraw is
lightweight and compact, perfect for hiking, camping or in an emergency like a flood. LifeStraw
is easy to clean, comes with a one-year warranty and has been used worldwide since 2005. Get
the amazing LifeStraw personal water filter at MyPatriotSupply.com. Plus, check out Survival
Seed Vault, 20 seed varieties for only $37.95, Tatler canning lids, long-term storable foods
as low as $69.95 and much more at MyPatriotSupply.com. Enjoy stress-free shipping on all orders over
$49. Call 866-229-0927 or visit MyPatriotSupply.com. That's 866-229-0927. MyPatriotSupply.com. For
emergency preparedness, self-reliance and food independence.
Let me break down basically what's happened. They've taken a Soviet Eastern Bloc takeover
model, how the Soviets would infiltrate and take down a country from within. And integrated
it with Western teaching how they would counter to try to go into countries and keep them
from falling to the Soviets or take them over. But they're going and assessing all the police,
all the military, and it's been ongoing for 20 years, but now it's accelerating to the
order of 10.
And they are going around now finding out locally who is gonna not go along with this.
And again, they say over the top stuff, so you'll identify yourself. So police, that's
some good intel for you. I'm sure you already knew this, common sense. If you wanna stay
on the police force, act like you hate George Washington and Thomas Jefferson and act like
you hate freedom.
If you're in an intelligence unit or a special events unit that have been federalized, the
special response units, you're not gonna get that job unless you just act like a total
authoritarian cult member. But they do psychological studies as well. I mean, they really know
who is and who isn't.
But after they've done that, they're now expanding to the next group of detectives and managers
and captains and others. And then they're gonna expand as they've done in LA and New
York and Chicago, down to beat cops. England's already done this. They are now political
enforcers, spying, sitting in restaurants, listening to people, it's all in the news.
You'll hear, man arrested for racial comment to his wife. You're like, well, that's racist,
good arresting. He said something about foreigners. It's the end of free speech. I mean, Michael
Savage is banned from entering England because he criticized Muslims.
Well, I mean, isn't that the free speech of a European, of a Brit, of an American? Whether
you agree with this statement or not, you see, that's just an example of this. And that's
what's now coming here.
And the magnitude, let me show you up at infowars.com, if you're a TV viewer or a radio listener,
go there. It's federal government moves to disarm vets. And there it is blown up from
page number two, Department of Veterans Affairs, a determination of incompetence will prohibit
you from purchasing, possessing, receiving, or transporting a firearm's ammunition.
If you knowingly violate any of these prohibitions, you will be fined and prisoned or both under
the Brady Handgun Prevention Act. Again, now that's the provisions not defeated by Sheriff
Max, Richard Mack's suit. That provision stood, other parts were struck down. We've gotta
get this repealed because they're now going to implement this.
This is if you were adjudicated by a judge and stripped, and that's very hard to do,
of your mental faculties, then you would lose your right to keep and bear arms. Now, continuing,
they're just people who've always owned guns or having the police show up and say, Mr.
Gonzalez, Mr. Khan, whatever your last name is, you've got to come out here and Mr. Smith
and surrender the firearms.
What they do is they mail you a letter a lot of times and if you don't respond, then they
say, okay, we're gonna come out to your house. And sometimes they SWAT team you as an intimidation
thing to say, see, we SWAT team. Have you seen the checkpoints they shut up in New York
now, where they have license plate readers and they have them flagged to ping, this is
admitted on vets?
And it mattered, no criminal record, upstanding, Bronze Star winners, you're arrested. We got
five 223 mags in here above 10 rounds. They're like, did the law ban those? Yep, we're charging
you with felonies. And the guy's like, why are you throwing the book at me? And they
go, we're making an example of you.
But I run a local veterans charity group, I have no criminal record, I'm a veteran.
You're the target, bud, that's all a cover. The government's your friend's veteran, the
NFL's your friends, everyone loves you. This is not an assault, Tet Offensive, Chinese
New Year, go to sleep, we're not gonna invade, boom, they attack at midnight.
Just like Waco, you know military tactics, military. They camouflage themselves, they
don't announce this. They're like, whoa, the veterans are the bestie, we love you. My gosh,
take these experimental shots, you're having organ failure right now?
Should have said yes on gun confiscation on that questionnaire. Of course, the doctor
is compartmentalized, the nurse, the RNs, they don't know. I'm decompartmentalizing
this for you. I've been doing this for 20 years. I've been obsessed with this, dreaming
about it at night for 17.
I know the whole game plan. I know it better than the people at the CIA, the FBI, the NSA,
because 99% of them are compartmentalized. There are very few people even in the power
structure that know how this whole thing's meant to go down. It's so complex, I can't
even articulate it to you, okay?
I'm not bragging about this. I know the whole plan, because I've probably read 30 bucks
on the Soviets. I've probably read 10 bucks on the pre-Soviet era. I've probably read
15 bucks on the czars. I've probably read 100 bucks on the Nazis. I've probably read
50 bucks on the Vatican. I've read 25 or more bucks on British history, on Roman history,
on African history.
I've read probably over 1,000 history books on these subjects, and I know what the globalists
are doing and how they've integrated all these systems of control. You want to start somewhere?
Heinz Hobel's Order of the Deaf said, 800 pages long, read that. You'll be like, this
is everything that's happening here. How Hitler had to take out all the secret societies and
people. I thought they didn't exist. How the secret societies battle with each other, the
whole nine yards.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
A little over a year ago, I began to do a lot of research into why, even if I had a
pretty good-sized meal, that I was still starving. And my research led me to a well-known fact
that most of the soils that we grow our crops on here in the United States and across the
industrialized world are almost completely depleted of almost all of the key minerals
and trace elements that our bodies need to rebuild themselves, fight off cancer, and
be healthy.
I then searched out the best vitamin and mineral company out there and discovered Young Jevity.
The Young Jevity products are designed to give you the real nutrition you need. And
once you've got that, you don't have to eat as much to be satisfied. I've lost 37 pounds
in two months, simply getting the vitamins and minerals I need. Check it out for yourself.
It's incredible. Go to info wars team.com today and order your first canister of Beyond
Tangy Tangerine complete multivitamin mineral complex dietary supplement. That's info wars
team.com. Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system portable on the go.
No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system
that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing
technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media
for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only
one that does it and out of the gates we have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
a new Pro One filters today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139. Alex Jones here
with a message to fellow freedom lovers. The prognosis for the entire planetary economic
system runs from bad to worse. The globalist model is to shut down societies and starve
patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover. That's why we've assembled the most
vital and important preparedness items at info wars shop.com. These are items that I did research
on that I personally use. We've got the life straw so you can turn fetid water into safe water
anywhere you go. The Ktor hand crank generator to charge up key equipment during power outages
are out in the field. Strategic relocation third edition by Joel Skousen. When disaster strikes by
Matthew Stein. Therosafe used by Homeland Security to protect yourself during any radiological event.
Hand crank shortwave AM FM radios. Everything that we've researched and found to be the best
is available at info war shop.com and your purchase makes our info war possible. We're
getting prepared. Are you info wars shop.com. There's an old saying in Tennessee, I know it's
in Texas probably in Tennessee that says fool me once. Shame on shame on you. Fool me can't get
fooled again. He aligns himself with the truth. And it's time for you to choose a side. You're
listening to Alex Jones. And again, I'm not trying to paint a bad picture here. I'm trying to show
you what's really there. There's not a picture I'm painting. It'd be like a sinkhole formed out back
your house 100 feet deep. And, you know, I'm your neighbor and I call to go Hey, Sam, there's a big
hole in your backyard. Watch out when you walk out your back door. You know, Sam's not going to go
how dare you fear monger and be like, wow, really? That's that noise I heard in the night. I better
go look into this. I mean, that hole is there and you can debate how deep it is or who made it or
how much worse it's going to get. But we're in a lot of trouble. I mean, you add together
the 2 billion plus bullets they bought the last year. You add the armored vehicles,
the urban warfare training everywhere with the local police helping in the raids.
I mean, this is now openly for America for the American people. Homeland Security announced
again this year. Yes, the military is going to respond to domestic extremists. Totally illegal.
Yes. You know, the Pentagon is over rural affairs. The Pentagon, the army, the Navy,
the Marine Corps, NORTHCOM. We're a military district now. It's in the Army Times,
it's everywhere and it's wrong. And the people that are awake are actually our military.
By and large, because they hear this show and they know what I'm saying is real.
And a lot of times they're like, yes, some of this didn't make sense. Now it all makes sense
because I'm not compartmentalized. Because humans act the same.
And so many of the systems the globalist are using are Roman, are German, are French,
are British, are Russian. Are authoritarian models used before, but then overlaid with
current technology. Now I'm gonna finish up with the news and go right to your calls for Will,
Chad, Jim, Tim, Ronald, and Rich. I wanna go to you guys quick, make your point.
I'm gonna go to the next person or I'll never get through it in this hour. It's just all the
other news. Yeah, the Blade Runner guy in South Africa, maybe premeditatedly shooting his wife or
girlfriend, whatever. Yeah, that still doesn't matter to a hill of beans at the end of the day.
Even the imploding economy by design isn't as important as
there are giant domestic CIA networks publicly operating everywhere.
Jesse Ventura, in the 90s, first day at work, they go, people like to meet with you in the
basement of the Capitol. He goes in there and there's 25 CIA people, old ladies, old men,
dressed like old ladies that give you cookies. It's totally illegal.
And my issue is they're not protecting us from Al-Qaeda folks, they run Al-Qaeda,
and that's now public as well. They use Al-Qaeda to take our liberties as a threat, as a boogeyman.
It's like your three year old won't stop going to the street. You can say, there's a boogeyman
will get you if you do. That's the old way to keep your kids in lines, not to give them weapons,
is to tell them wives tales. A witch will come and get you if you don't do what you're told.
Let me tell you, that kid isn't gonna be going to the street anymore.
Same thing, you give up all your rights, so the boogeyman bin Laden gonna get you.
You saw what he did on 9-11, didn't you? I mean, come on, folks. Come on, your gut knows 20 Saudis
didn't pull all that off. Were there real Saudis here, led into the country? Yeah, but the official
story's a lie. There was a stand down, that's bare minimum. It was America's Reichstag fire,
and you add in all the preparations and paper targets of babies.
And people are like, well, that must be what not to shoot. No, it officially says,
this is Homeland Security requested targets of five-year-old kids, pregnant women, old men
wearing John Deere hats. Folks, how many times have I told you that? I've shot the video,
you don't have to believe me. I've got four films of urban warfare with the role players wearing
overalls, coveralls, mechanic outfits, 49ers shirts, cowboy shirts, John Deere hats,
ACDC shirts. They practice to kill us. And it's not saying the troops are bad,
they're trying to acclimate them, the police, everybody else.
And I've got a Jakari Jackson report, he just so happened to be working on a few days ago
about this. He's added the latest info to it, that's coming up after we take some calls.
But I wanna say this, we're an hour and a half into this broadcast, and I know the economy's
shutting down and this country's going to hell in a handbasket. But we are one of the best and only
hopes out there. There is no, I've said this many times, and they actually say this in Zero Dark 30,
because it's true. They walk into the bin Laden unit, and I've actually talked to the real folks
in the bin Laden unit who were ordered not to kill him over and over again until he died of natural
kidney failure, Colonel Shafer and others. And Steve Pacinek, former head psychiatrist
of Black Ops, the whole thing, I mean, it's all fake, folks. And
one of the sub directors walks in and goes, listen, there is no other secret team trying
to take out bin Laden. This is the only group, we're all that's there.
And we're not that good, but we're all that's there. Well, you've heard me say that 100 times.
I didn't wanna be numeral uno, I didn't wanna be tip of the spear.
But I've got the energy and the will to do it. And we now are the biggest and really one of the only
shows really telling it like it is. And it's an incredible position of responsibility.
And I'm not on a power trip over it, it's the opposite. I am humbled to my core. And Rich did
receive the letter from the VA, and he's in Connecticut. This is out of Washington State
saying, get ready to turn your guns in, holy Toledo, man.
This is like going to the doctor and they tell you you got cancer. I mean,
I get a pain, not a fear, but that pain when you get the call. One of your kids is hurt.
We've all gotten that call at work and you're like, what is it? I don't know, your wife says
it's serious. And you call and, okay, busted his head open, but that's not that big of a deal.
Thank God it wasn't a car wreck. It's not even a fear, it's more of a,
mm, mm, man, this is serious. That mm, every day now it's mm for the country.
Oh, man, they really are gonna hammer down with Obamacare and shut down all the jobs and
tax the poor people. Man, that's hardcore, mm, they really are criminals. It's worse than I
thought. Mm, it hits you. And I look up there and see Rich, vet, did receive letter and I get a mm.
Get that feeling in my stomach, get a chill after that like,
you know, my whole nervous system is like danger, Will Robinson, danger. And I know you're feeling
that too. And there's a chance we can back these people off, but not if we don't admit
how much trouble we're in, okay? That's the only thing that's gonna get this taken care of.
We gotta pray to God to give us guidance as well because they can use so many psyops on us.
And the point is I was just in there looking at some of the new equipment,
some of the new studios we need to really do first class news, the uplinks, all the stuff.
It costs a lot of money to run this organization. I need more personnel.
I need to pay my personnel. I need the equipment. I need to be able to fight as best I can.
And that's why it is a war bond for the Republic. When you go to info wars,
shop.com or info war store.com and buy propier water filters, they're already the lowest price.
But I mean, just get in, they should be double price and you should buy them.
Bumper stickers, those are sold at cost. The magazine, the T-shirts, the ball caps,
the videos, the films. The Alex Jones everything special, the New World Order playing deck of cards,
educate your friends and family, the ball caps, the Obama shirts, the Second Amendment shirts.
It's a war for info. We've got to get in the field. We need to get our mass up in this
military operation against the globalists and the info war. Infowarstore.com, we need capital.
We need capital. I want to thank everybody that supported us, everybody that's gotten
the word out for us, everybody that spread the word about the broadcast.
All our affiliates are sponsors, but even though our audience exponentially grows,
revenue in 2013 is down everywhere. I know you see the financial papers as well,
so I know it's rough out there. But if the people that are still middle class are wealthy,
cuz I don't want poor people donating or buying stuff, okay?
I know it makes you feel good and it's important and you wanna be part of the effort, but
it's all the tightwads out there that need to get books and videos. And Ron Paul books,
father of the Tea Party and plundered and strategic relocation and everything that's
available at infowarshop.com and get it out to people because this is serious business folks.
If we don't all get aggressive and spend time, energy and treasure in this fight,
we're gonna lose it all. I'm willing to lose my life over this thing. I'm not happy about it,
I'll assure you. But there is no future if we don't beat them.
I know they could even go out for my family and I just,
I don't even pray to God to protect my family. Actually, I do sometimes. I mainly just pray,
God, whatever your will is, just please help me be more articulate. Please help others wake up.
All right, I'm gonna go to your calls. I'm pretty shook up right now because
I knew it was coming, they announced they were gonna do it. And these are not like troops beating
their wife or troops that got caught doing something illegal. This is mainline veterans,
special forces, Navy SEALs, especially special forces. You're the enemy.
You're a weapon to be decommissioned. They're moving to robots, they're moving to drones.
They don't want you anymore. And they're coming after you. And by the way, the Soviets and the
Nazis did this. After Hitler took over about two years later, first he called the Brownshirts,
his own kind of gang that took him to power, against Rome.
And then they had Crystal Night. Well, that was against Jews. They had Night of the Long Knives,
and then they had other nights that came a few years later. And they were even arresting
sergeants from the old Weimar Republic military. And the more decorated you were,
the more you were dead. Hitler got so paranoid by the end, he was just whacking everybody.
Listen, I'm warning you, the Soviets did the same thing, Mao did the same thing.
Mao did the same thing. This is a trap. This is a trap, you fools, all right? I mean, this is evil.
You don't wanna be signed on to this. Okay, let's stop right there and go to your calls.
Rich in Connecticut, a vet who said he did receive the letter. I'm gonna give you our email. It's
showtipsatinfoawars.com. All vets, black out your name or cut it out,
and then mail us your letters so we can add them and triple confirm all this.
Rich, tell us in Connecticut what you got in your response to this, sir.
Basically, when I got the letter from the VA, honestly, I don't really pay attention.
I've been a longtime listener. This was my first time calling, so I'm a little bit nervous.
Anyway, yeah, when I received it, I don't actually know when I received it.
Back off your phone just a bit. Oh, I'm sorry.
The point is, in your pile of stuff, everybody has that problem. In your pile of magazines
and junk mail, you found this. Go ahead. Yeah, this is after I saw the
on your website that people were getting this, and I went back through my VA mail.
Usually, it's just appointments and stuff like that. And because I'm 100% disabled,
and because of PTSD, I got this letter stating that I was no longer eligible to possess or
purchase. And by the way, PTSD,
some of it is real, but the name from a psychologist I've talked to, it's pretty much
most of it. It's like saying hyper kids have ADHD. Well, no, they're drinking soda pop and
eating junk food all day and bouncing off the walls, sugar crashing. If I give my kids sugar,
they act like satanic demons. If I give them healthy food, they act like angels.
I mean, if I gave my animals, my dog sugar, they act like maniacs.
So the issue is, sir, you need to fight that. I understand, see how they set it up?
We'll give you money if you say you've got a problem. And I understand combat
stress and all that, but I think a lot of it is a hoax. I'm not saying in your case,
but please continue. Well, I'm a Desert Storm veteran. I was a medic
with an infantry unit during Desert Storm. Well, you probably don't have PTSD. You probably,
you were there when chemical detectors went off then.
Yeah. Well, you got nerve gas, buddy.
You got nerve gas from blowing up Camosia and other facilities. Go ahead.
Oh, I'm sorry. Basically, I'm not going to comply. I don't give a crap what they say anymore.
I'm actually, you know, they give you medication that purposely makes you overweight and
everything. I've been, I have started taking your longevity products, the tangy tangerine and stuff,
and that slim FX, this fine direct FX. And I've been losing a lot of weight
because of that. And I'm slowly getting off the medication because
when I drink the tangy tangerine, I don't feel like I need the medication.
I know. When I started taking it a few years ago, I was so undernourished even though I was
eating healthier food. Still, the soils are depleted that I got high off of it for like a
month. And I'm drinking some right now. It's funny, you brought up beyond tangy tangerine
at Infowarshealth.com. It's just off the chart. They just had a big Clemson University study about
how it kills 95% of cancer cells and leaves the healthy cells alone. I mean, just amazing
information. And it's basically got the research of Linus Pauling, the Nobel Prize winner,
going into it along with Dr. Wallach's research. And so much of our problems, as I just said,
with ADHD is nutritional. Kids are eating white bread, drinking Coca-Cola, filled with all sorts
of chemicals in it, and speed caffeine. Of course, you're acting like a demon.
But listen, these letters are nebulous. They're like, hey, you may have been ruled incompetent.
Well, you're not incompetent. And so again, they're leaving a color of law. They're seeing
if they can get away with this. It's like an employee that starts stealing a little bit out
of the cash register. And if they get away with that a little more, a little more, a little more,
and they finally get caught. So what they're doing is a fraud. So I would consult with legal
counsel that represents veterans. And let me ask you this, do you have a criminal record?
Yes, I do. Is it a felony? No. Well, then that's a non-issue. You've got your second amendment.
They're fraudulently trying to apply this. Do me a favor. Do you have a scanner to scan that
and send it to us? Yeah, what's the number? Or don't give it to me after I'm all flocked.
Sure, we can find, we should have a fax number always at hand. But we do so few faxes. I don't
even know if it's hooked up. Let me, do you want our email address? Well, can I just send it to
one of the editors? Cuz it's on the website, if I can just send it to one of the editors.
Yeah, I just wanna know which, sure, send it to Kurt Nemo.
Okay. It's just show tips. Everybody's reading that. And so it has a better chance of getting
seen. I'm telling you, sometimes some famous person will call me and go, I've been sending
emails for six months. And then I'll go, what's your email? And I'll search it, and there are all
the emails. And it's just torture, cuz we're trying to read it all, but we get 20,000 emails
a day. I'm not exaggerating. And it's very hard to go through them all. But everybody, just send
your letters that you've gotten. God bless you, sir. I appreciate your call. Let's talk to Will
in Oklahoma, another vet. What do you think about this? Alex, this is ridiculous, man. You got guys
that serve their country, and then they come back and they have their rights taken away.
I'm a Marine vet myself. I served my country for five years. I was one of the vets that,
one of the Marines that was being experimented on with the anthrax vaccines and have the evidence
to prove it. And then about a year and a half later, they came to my house, the VA did,
and was, well, I got a letter in the mail saying that they were checking me for incompetence,
because I get three or four migraines a week. I have fibromyalgia real bad.
Yeah, stay there. I'm gonna hold you over. This is important. For those that don't know,
twice they've given the Porton down.
No, that's the name of the group in England where they nerve gassed them.
It's that Michigan Bioport, Bioport, the Bioport lab, and it's illegal. The vaccine
was experimental, killed a bunch of people, and yeah, that's it. I've had doctors on about it
when they did it in two different phases back in the 90s, and again, wasn't about 95.
And they give them the shots, it causes brain damage, and then they call you mentally ill
when you go to the VA for your treatment. See, and the VA set up to keep tabs on you,
and basically, it's just horrendous. Stay there, I'm gonna come back to you.
So yeah, the guy has migraines, and so they're trying to say he's incompetent because of it.
Unbelievable, sir. There are ways to detox. I got Ben Fuchs coming up, pharmacist Ben Fuchs.
We're gonna talk about ways for the detox vets. You got to get off the medication if I was you
as well. I'm not recommending that, but you should look into it. Stay there.
Your freedoms are on the line. The Second Amendment is in danger. How soon before your
freedoms are taken away? What can you not live without? What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns? Is it your home? No, it's food. It all boils down to the food supply.
Tyrannical governments control people by controlling their food supply.
Don't be dependent. Be self-sufficient. Don't wait for the government to feed you,
feed yourself. I can warn you, but I can't feed you. Do like Alex has done and get a
supply of food from e Foods Direct. It's the best long-term, storable food on the planet.
Get the popular Mega Patriot Pack free. A 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot, and fuel.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to efoodsdirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot Packs free
with purchase. Build your food supply, be in control, be self-sufficient, and be a patriot.
Call 800-409-5633 or efoodsdirect.com slash Alex and get your free Patriot Pack today.
Hi there. My name is Frank Bates. What I'm about to tell you in the next 60 seconds could get me
in a lot of trouble. I just created a free video presentation at 123coverup.com that exposes the
electricity monopolies and government agencies for what they really are. Incompetent line crooks
that are counting on your ignorance and fear to keep your power bills criminally high. Some have
called this a conspiracy. Others have called it a cover-up and you will be shocked to find out how
deep the conspiracy goes. My video at 123coverup.com exposes the truth and shows you the secret of how
I beat them and how you can beat them too. Watch the controversial video that thousands of other
smart patriots have already seen in the last three months. Go to 123coverup.com and discover one
weird trick to slash your power bill and protect your home. Go watch my video now at 123coverup.com
before they force me to shut it down. Again, that's 123coverup.com.
Fried food, water filters and purifiers, gas masks, solar and crank radios, solar generators, ammo, knives, stun guns, pepper
sprays, hacks and bags, fire starters, a library of books, and a whole lot more. Get free same-day
shipping on all orders over $75. Enter promo code radio at checkout and receive an additional 5%
discount off our already lowest in the industry prices. Offthegrid.com, proud to stand shoulder
to shoulder with you as we protect our Constitution against all enemies foreign and domestic.
You know, a lot of people, I see a comment on infoawards.com says,
Ghost, it's almost time to head downrange. Lieutenant US Navy Seal 9403. They want you to go
downrange. They want the war to start. They're gonna sit back while the military and police all
kill each other. That's what's so diabolical about the following orders of a foreign occupying army,
the globalist. The globalists are illegitimate and they're now just sending letters
to veterans all over. The phones are just pouring in, the emails are pouring in,
the letters are pouring in from others where they're being told, yeah, come turn your guns in.
And we're just talking to a gentleman in Oklahoma, Will, who's a Marine,
who they experimented with on with the, and I hear him and it hurts me cuz he's a smart guy,
but he's like, I can prove they experimented on me. He probably don't even know it was all
over the news at the time when they were doing these. I guess it's three rounds they've done.
It's totally illegal. And it's always the doctors that end up saying, no,
at first they court martial people and then their lawyers are so dumb they don't know it's illegal
to give somebody an experimental shot. You can't make the troops take experimental shots.
You can only make them take approved shots. And they use the troops like guinea pigs.
And then I've seen them when troops are in wheelchairs with legs blown off.
And their wife is a teacher or whatever. The CPS will come and take their kids. We had calls
yesterday saying, well, you probably got mental problems too since your legs are blown off.
You can't have your three kids. And it makes you wanna cry that while they're praising troops on
the news, they're targeting them. That's official. I'm not just saying that. So Will,
you have migraines, you believe from the anthrax shot, which is exactly the kind of stuff it does,
including death. Tell me what they did when they came to your house trying to say you're
incompetent. Like you're a 100-year-old person who doesn't know who they are.
Right, right. Well, I mean, they basically, when they deem him a full pension on 100%,
they wanna check full mental capacity and either turn me over to somebody that would
handle my money for me and my wife and all this. They even went as far as fact to ask her what
type of medication she takes as well. Yeah, cuz she's mentally ill now. No, no, no,
this exactly, no, this is standard. Sir, they were casing you to take your kids. You have kids?
Yeah, yeah, they were trying. And Alex, I'll tell you what, God bless you because
I really do appreciate everything you're doing and stand by you 100% on everything you're doing.
And a lot of these people are listening right now, they need to understand that supporting your
troops is not buying them a drink, is not buying them food. It's recognizing where your country is
going and listening to what your troops had to say and supporting them that way. We don't want
you to support us any other way except that way. Yeah, you don't wanna fake pat on the head like
you're a dog. And the reason I interrupt so much when you're calling, I've heard the story
a thousand times. I know what you're gonna say next. Again, your wife is now mentally
ill. See, they wanna declare you both incompetent to take your kids. They're preying on you.
These are enemy agents with battle plans to destroy your life and you think they're your
friend when you're there. Listen, when I had my kids, I learned the first time. The nurse is like,
sir, will you take this file downstairs for me? I'm gonna talk to your wife real quick.
I'm like, sure, I'll take it down, what, first floor? Yeah, the main nurse? Okay,
take your time, honey. And my wife's smart. She goes, man, that lady was putting in a computer
do we have money? Do I beat you? Am I mean to you? And I said, were you putting that in a health
department computer? And the nurse had those evil eyes. She goes, how do you know that?
And I was like, well, obviously, I'm a media person. I know all about this. I know you take
blood samples at birth and give it to the government. Well, how do you know about that?
That was before that was declassified. And I said, listen, I said, listen, it's none of your
business, okay? Is there any outward signs of abuse on my wife? No, you have no probable cause,
you haven't read us our rights. This is not a law enforcement action. That woman was totally
freaked out. And the next time we had a child, same hospital, because the doctor's a listener.
The woman's another woman's doing and I go, listen, I'm not taking this downstairs. She
can do your health department thing. Totally freaked her out. I got glasses, lady. I can see.
I know who you are in the me. You are listening to GCN. Visit GCN live.com today.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben soap company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth
friendly and safe. See them on the web at five star soap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free
catalog. Buy the one to two months sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soap for all your cleaning needs.
This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap
makes you feel. See them on the web at five star soap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Waging war on corruption. Alex Jones on the GCN radio network.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network. And now live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
In the Soviet systems worldwide and in the Nazi systems, they always use medical tyranny. And
the reason I'm jumping in so much when there's a caller like this is I know the story.
And now it's accelerating to tell veterans they can't have guns.
And it should be done with the general public as well. What did Alan Dershowitz say? He said,
I believe Alex Jones is mentally ill. He should have his guns taken.
I'm afraid of that man. I have no criminal record and almost no misdemeanors.
I mean, I'm angry. I'm letting my anger be seen to try to spur you to get angry,
to get moving, folks. But we've got Ronald and we've got Tim and we've got Jim and Chad.
We'll get to all of you, all vets. But Will, finishing up with you, how did this end? Were
they able to get your guns? Well, no, they weren't. In fact,
you know, my wife, yeah, she takes medications, but it's none of their business what she takes
the medication for. And I explicitly told them that. Even my wife stepped in and said it.
Well, that's why under Obamacare, they share it with all the agencies now,
so they have all the medical records. Right. Well, and so anyway, so that,
you know, he says, well, we got to put this up for review. And of course, the guy left and
got my letter in the mail later on because I kept receipts of everything that I do as far as I pay
my bills. And my main my main thing why I wanted to call you is to let these vets know that when
they're getting out, they need to be very, very based on the bonds. Everything they do when they
pay their bills, they need to keep records of it. They need to. Yeah, because they're going to
declare you in compliment. It's like putting you in prison. That's why they wanted to say your wife
was incompetent. They want to list you basically as a terrorist. God bless you, sir. I got to jump
to the next caller. Good to hear from you and glad to hear you were smart on the ball. Yeah,
no, they'll take a Navy Seal or a Green Beret, somebody who was commanding 100 people and on
the ball at 1000% higher than the gibbering VA, generally some weird foreigner they bring in
because they hate Americans or whatever. I mean, it's a stereotype, but it's true.
Eastern Europe, you name it, India, nothing against Indians or people from Eastern Europe.
They'll just bring in folks will do whatever they're told. And so I've talked to all the
VA people about what they witnessed. I heard the same story over and over again. And they're just
totally incompetent. They'll cut off the wrong leg, give them the wrong medication, but they're
going to come and tell you, you're mentally ill. You're incompetent. You're a nobody now.
They're a somebody, you're a nobody. Because the truth is they're afraid of people that have
actually done things in their lives. They hate men. They hate masculinity. They love tyranny,
ladies and gentlemen. They are the scum of the earth. They are the enemies of everything good.
Ronald in Texas, you're on the air. Go ahead. Veteran.
Yeah, sorry. Good evening or afternoon. Excuse me.
Yeah, you don't know. It is good afternoon. What happened to you? Go ahead.
It's been a long day. Let's put it that way. Yeah, I've actually served back in the 80s in
the Middle East before we became fashionable. And there was a lot of things that go on that I've
seen. And that's one of the reasons why I never, they asked me to re-up because I was in the
special forces, ran my own clinic, yada, yada, happy, happy. And I refused to. I seen what was
going on, what we were doing to our own allies, to our own people. And that went against everything
ex water protected and uphold on the constitution. Have you gotten one of these letters saying you
can't own guns? Not yet, but I haven't checked my mail out today. That's what I was planning
on doing. You know, statistically, if they send these out to say 10 million vets, you will get a
couple hundred thousand that start fighting back. That starts the civil war right there.
Well, the thing is, what a lot of people don't understand, they keep thinking the veterans
are those older vet. The people in the military will attack too. The US citizens, they're not
going to. It's going to be those new ones that are currently in that just re-up or just get into
the service that will have no hesitation about shooting. No, no, the globalists have done the
actuaries. They know it's going to be the vets that are going to fight for America. And that's
why you're being listed as the enemy. Oh, exactly. When I went to a VA outpatient clinic in Longview,
Texas, the physicians there, they were asking me questions that were idiotic, simply for
some pain medication for a back injury I received. Tell you what, stay there. I've got Ben Peeps
coming up. I don't want you to be able to finish up. You prepare by purchasing gold,
food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical
weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching
out for intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new do it yourself home security system that
is completely wireless. Go to getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power. So even if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely
customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed.
Getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes.
So there's no need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate,
you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe
will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again,
that's getsimplisafe.com. Your freedoms are on the line. The Second Amendment is in danger.
How soon before your freedoms are taken away? What can you not live without? What is your
greatest dependency? Is it your guns? Is it your home? No, it's food. It all boils down to the
food supply. Tyrannical governments control people by controlling their food supply.
Don't be dependent. Be self-sufficient. Don't wait for the government to feed you. Feed yourself.
I can warn you, but I can't feed you. Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from
eFoods Direct. It's the best long-term, storable food on the planet. Get the popular Mega Patriot
Pack free. A 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot, and fuel. Call 800-409-5633 or go to
eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot Packs free with purchase. Build your food
supply, be in control, be self-sufficient, and be a patriot. Call 800-409-5633 or eFoodsDirect.com
slash Alex and get your free Patriot Pack today. I had tried everything. I'd cut back the amount
of food I was eating. I was lifting weights and jogging, but nothing was working. My body was
literally starving for minerals and trace elements, as well as key vitamins. And as soon as I had
that, I immediately could eat half of what I was eating previously and be satisfied. Now, there
are hundreds of great products at Infowarsteam.com, but I want to point out the three that have helped
me lose 37 pounds in just two months. Products like Beyond Tangy Tangerine, Holland Burst,
and Rebound. When I started taking the Tangy Tangerine and other products every day, I lost
more than 37 pounds in just two months. Now that's results. I want to challenge my listeners
to go to Infowarsteam.com and to order just three of their products. And you will see the changes
in the way you look, feel, and in your appetite almost immediately. Start your journey to health
and wellness today. Infowarsteam.com. Live from Austin, Texas. Broadcasting
worldwide. It's Alex Jones. All right, one of the most popular guests we have on, pharmacist Ben
Fuchs will be joining us here in a few minutes. And I wanted to get him on. As I listen to his
show, some comes on Genesis, GCNlive.com in the hour before we go live at 12 noon every day
Eastern. And I want to get into what are the biggest health issues we need to be thinking
about today. I've got a bunch of news where they're admitting now aspartame's killing you,
giving you cancer, giving you type 2 diabetes. The different chemicals that are in the food and
water and victories we're having that when we expose it, they remove it. But we need to expose
it first. Why are we falling apart? What can we do about it? What do we need to supplement?
I was reading the comments on Infowars.com in the article federal government moves to
disarm veterans. And they're in there commenting, we've been talking to them. They go, yeah, I mean,
I go in for a sore jaw and they give me hydrocodone. Or I go in for a hurt foot and they
want to cut the toe off. Or I go in from a car wreck and they want to put me on Luvox or other
serotonin uptake inhibitors and then declare me mentally ill. And they advertise to them,
we'll get you 100% disability if you agree that you've got PTSD.
And you're like, well, that sounds pretty good. I guess I kind of deserve a free ride.
But it isn't a free ride. Nobody rides for free. Nobody rides for free. We're gonna play that at
the bottom of the hour. And expanding on all of this, if you just joined us, the big news,
federal government moves to disarm veterans. And since I did this, the emails, the calls,
it's exploding. We got Brian in PA, did receive letters saying, you don't have any second
amendments, sucker. You've been declared incompetent. Not you've been declared disabled.
And I had vets calling yesterday going, yeah, I'm physically disabled. I came and took my three
kids cuz I was in special forces. They said I'm dangerous. Of course they are. They want robots
they fully control. They're not gonna have humans in combat very soon. That's the official model.
I have a training video of that with the Air Force showing it. I mean, that's their plan. Whether it
works or not, I don't know. And so they're gonna tell you they love you while they try to shoot
you up with deadly drugs and soft kill your butt. And I really think they've miscalculated.
But you notice all the dramas and TV shows with the veterans of the new terrorists and
the training manuals and all of it. This is a really bad federal government run by foreign
banks. And that's actually in the news again today, the new bubble and it's the bond bubble.
And central banks are scared just like Max Keiser said, I hope he isn't right.
As bad as this system is when it blows up, they're just gonna grab more power and
call for a bank of the world as they were doing again yesterday. And what funds carbon taxes?
And what's the new Secretary of State Kerry say in his first speech two days ago? We need
that carbon tax to save the earth. A global tax you pay on everything. It's a value added.
Right down through the entire chain. And then on other key items, gas, fuel, electricity, coal,
plastics, beef, everything with petroleum in it, just hundreds of new taxes.
Hundreds, just an absolute straight jacket on our economy.
And there it is, Kerry exploits Obamacare passage to propose carbon tax. And that's
from two, three years ago, but now he's the new Secretary of State and that's what he's pushing.
Wow, so I wanted to have that caller Ronald in Texas finish. He was saying
he went into the VA over, I forget what he said. And then they were asking him some really crazy
questions. They're not crazy questions. It's like when you're going to have a baby now,
no criminal record, you're paying tens of thousands of dollars, you're at the hospital,
your wife's water's broke. This happens nationwide.
Globally, if you're in Australia, it happens. There's a computer hooked in wired into the
health department. It's really the race hygiene department set up in England back in the 1870s
and 80s here in about 1900, 1910. Race hygiene department, they used to have courts where they
would just, no jury, they would just take you and sterilize you if they felt like it.
They really still have those behind the scenes, but it's not as prolific
because people fought back against it. And again, you're there having your baby and they're like,
would you mind taking this to the first floor as I said earlier? And you take your file down there
and they're like, honey, how you doing on money?
You doing all right? I'm your friend. You ready? You got to have that baby. I'm your friend.
How's he treating you? And it's like, he's a jerk. We should have a big fight.
Oh, your kids are gone. Of course, you're not telling you that. It's like your friend. Oh,
your water broke, sweetie. How much money you got? You doing all right on money?
If you say you got money troubles, your kids are gone.
And they're lawless crooks. You understand that? They take your blood, they put it in
the Pentagon database, your newborn baby. They sell it to big corporations who patent your DNA.
20 years later, you go to have a surgery and a DNA transfusion. They go, sorry,
it's gonna be $115,000. Genecore, whatever the name of the company is, they own your DNA.
It's all just a hardcore savage mafia with a liberal face. Oh, we're sweet. Oh,
we love you. It's all camouflage. Oh, we're here to help you. Be reasonable. Work with us.
We wanna help you on and on and on and on and on. Finishing with a caller and then pharmacist Ben
Fuchs and more calls. We're gonna race through a bunch of stuff with Ben here today. Ronald,
finish your story. So you're going to the VA for what and what happens?
I was injured in the special forces. And here, I went in for my yearly checkup. I also went in to
get my prescription for non-narcotic pain pills, i.e. Tylenol. It's cheaper than being on disability,
$700 a month. It's kind of expensive to live. Anyways, they were doing a psych eval
to the point of, I had less psychological eval questions given to me when I had a top secret
clearance than what they were asking. Everything from, do I believe in homosexual marriage? Do I
have ever had homosexual incidents in the military? Yada, yada, on and on and on.
Well, if you have PTSD, I said, I don't. But you served in combat. And you're not stressed out?
No. Why should I be? We can get you. I said, no. And it got to the point where the doctor
tried to humiliate me in the public room saying, oh, well, I think you have tertiary syphilis.
I said, no, I don't. I said- No, no, her job is to bully you into agreeing and going on medication
so all your rights go out the window. It is a medical mafia out of control.
When I worked in the hospital at Walter Reed, I was dressed in my whites. I actually had one
of the pharmacy corporations come up and offer me a car, a house, a boat, because he thought I
was a doctor. No, no, same deal. They're like, listen, you've done a really good job. Here's
your free European trip, your free cruise, and a free car. And that's how they bribe these doctors.
Listen, Richard told me he went and saw a movie called Side Effects. The whole thing is how
the Prozac drugs really aren't hurting people. People are using that as a cover to kill people.
And it's all just funded by these people. God bless you, sir, good to hear from you.
Pharmacist Ben Fuchs, I wanted to intro that. They're now sending veterans everywhere letters
saying no more gun rights for you. No judge, no jury. They're not even being designated
as mentally ill. You just heard that bullying story. Last hour, a guy called in saying I had
PTSD, but I started taking beyond tangy tangerine, and now I'm not freaking out.
Well, it wasn't PTSD. It's like all these behavioral problems. The ADHD,
you get the kids off red dye and sugar and candy and nerds candy and white bread,
and they suddenly get good food. And I mean, if I give my kids processed sugar,
we're out at the event, okay, birthday party, have a piece of cake. They're a demon the rest
of the day. Don't ever give them cakes and stuff and processed stuff. They're angels.
I mean, it is like clockwork, ADHD. Give them speed to burn their brain out. Give them
serotonin reuptake inhibitors. I mean, what do you think from what you just heard?
Again, you are a natural drug formulator, compounding pharmacist. Before that,
a mainline pharmacist, one of the most successful there in Colorado. Ben Fuchs
introduced him for those that don't know who he is. He works and advises us at InfowarsHealth.com
or InfowarsTeam.com. But what did you just think of what you just heard?
Yeah, there's so many ways you can go with this. First of all, post-traumatic stress syndrome is
something that we're all dealing with because we're all being traumatized and we all have
stress. And even though, according to the World Health Organization, there's 12,000 different
diseases, there's really only one disease, and that is the disease of traumatic stress.
And what our veterans are experiencing are an exaggerated version of what we're all
experiencing, which is why the single most important strategy for restoring yourself back
to health and wellness is to tell the body via nutritional supplementation, via oxygenation,
via correct foods, via detoxification, to tell the body that all is okay, that all is right in
the world. When the body perceives that it is under stress, that there is a trauma that's
occurring, it will begin to shut down growth processes, healing processes, and repair
processes. And if we wanted to design a society that was systematically, specifically set up to
cause stress and trauma and shut down the growth and repair system, we couldn't do a better job
if we tried to do it intentionally. And we very well might be doing it intentionally. Fluoride
in the water, preservatives in foods, excitotoxins, processed breads and grains, purified
sugars, these all exacerbate the stress response in the body. When the body is under stress,
it doesn't do its best work. It doesn't heal. It doesn't grow.
Well, let's start with this. What would you do with vets that they've got on serotonin
reuptake inhibitors who have not eaten good food, who are on 700 bucks a month, all these
special forces heroes that the government hates so much, but says they're heroes all day.
What would you begin to do if you were one of those guys?
First and foremost, I would have these people activating their relaxation chemistry. The body's
got two kinds of chemistry. It's got relaxation chemistry and it has stress chemistry. And for
the vast majority of our chemistry needs to be in the relaxation mode. The stress mode is only
for emergencies. So we got to figure out, not just for our vets, for all of us, we have to figure out
how to access this relaxation chemistry. And the good news is it's not expensive. The good news is
you can do it for free. But the system won't tell you. They get into a stressed economy,
we all do it, especially professionals, and then they can never get out of it.
You've got to learn how to get into a joking economy. That's why I do that sometimes.
You've got to learn to go out and have fun as well. And they don't want people to know there's
a cure. I'll tell you one of the simplest, easiest ways to activate relaxation chemistry,
the biggest emergency to the body is lack of oxygen. It's technically called hypoxia,
low levels of oxygen. When the body gets low levels of oxygen, it feels like its death is
imminent. Anytime I get down, I just go out and climb a mountain. Something as simple as exercise
and deep breathing techniques can send the message, the biochemical message to the body
that all is right in the world and can begin to activate the relaxation response and the
healing and growth and repair response. For folks who are dealing with PTSD, just experiment,
try this. Deep breathing techniques for 60 seconds, it won't cost you anything.
And in 60 seconds, your blood pressure will drop, your blood will start to thin,
you'll get more nutrients to your organs. Let's all deep breathe during the break. Let's do it.
I'm serious, folks. Let's all deep breathe. The New World Order hates it. We'll be right back.
Let's all deep breathe. Let's all deep breathe. Let's all deep breathe.
We're by calling 888-253-3139.
It's time for a home security quiz. Answer this. What effective home security device is smaller
than a coffee cup fakes up burglars into thinking someone is home at your house while you're away,
plugs into any wall outlet, is recommended by many police departments and sells for less than $35?
Yes, it's fake TV. This year, about one in every 50 US homes will have a break in,
with burglars usually picking the easy target, a dark house that looks like no one is home.
Fake TV is a small electronic security device that makes it look like someone is home watching TV by
simulating the light from a real TV. It's like a lamp on a timer, but far more convincing. And for
only $34.95, fake TV could be the difference between coming home to a secure house or one
that's been ransacked. Go to faketv.com or call 1-877-5FAKETV. That's 877-532-5388.
Or go to faketv.com. Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
Naggin constipation, hemorrhoids or painful bowel movements? Have you considered your toilet
posture? The colon needs proper alignment for faster, more effective elimination. And that's
exactly what you'll get with a squatty potty, not a cleanse or a pill. The squatty potty is
a healthy step in the right direction, is doctor recommended, and starts at just $34.95. Call
855-628-1099 or go to squattypotty.com. Spelled S-Q-U-A-T-T-Y potty dot com.
Squatty potty, healthy colon, happy life. Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered
why banks, stock workers, investment advisors won't talk about gold IRAs? They've been available
since 1986, yet the financial industry won't recognize the value of gold for your retirement.
Gold has outperformed paper investments, yet no word about IRAs. If you would like to have gold
for your retirement, call 800-686-2237. Don't get left behind by rising inflation and low returns,
call 800-686-2237. Secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
You land in Buenos Aires, then a shuttle to Santa Rosa, where a nicely furnished cabin with all
amenities, wi-fi, executive food and wine, and laundry service awaits. After a good night's sleep,
your adventure begins. You're on a golden stag safari for big game. But it's not Africa,
it's Argentina. One-on-one guided hunts for water buffalo, huger, bighorn rams, wild boar,
and the biggest stag deer in South America. All gold metal quality. All the action you can handle.
Land rovers, top rental guns with scopes, all food, beverages, hunting guides,
ground transportation included, and more. All more affordable than you can imagine.
The adventure of a lifetime starts at goldenstagsafaris.com.
The big game hunting ranch, goldenstagsafaris.com.
Nope, that's why under the name of liberalism, they promote nothing but racial division on MSNBC
and CNN. All they want us to do is go on killing one another. Coming up in the next segment,
I'm gonna hit a few news stories before we go back to Ben Fuchs and your calls.
Like Obama administration moves forward on climate change without Congress.
That means shutting down our power plants and not letting new ones be opened.
When you take over a country like in World War II that you fly in and bomb the power plants.
Folks, they're gonna make you poor, they're gonna make you go on government assistance
so they can run your life like these veterans. And I see the first commenter in this article
in US News and World Report that's linked on Drudge. How stupid is it to kill off
the energy source without a replacement? Liberals never see the big picture when
it has to do with technology and numbers. No, it's not about not seeing the big picture.
They're not liberals. The globalists have all moved their investments to China who has no
standards. They're increasing the value of their investments by shutting us down.
Just like General Electric gets waivers on all this domestically, they can have new plants and
expand old plants and put out all the CO2 they want. But everybody else has to cut it in half,
which is impossible. I'm sorry, Ben Fuchs going back to you, brother.
So for vets out there, and we'll get into all this other news.
Breathing exercises, basic exercise, not eating MSG, not eating aspartame.
I mean, just the whole society is falling apart. It's all coming out even CBS News.
Oh, aspartame does give you diabetes. You were talking about that on the show a month ago, Ben.
So here's the idea. There's this notion that to take care of yourself and to
stay healthy, it's going to cost you a lot of money. It's going to take a lot of work.
The message that I want people to understand is it is simple and easy to restore your body
back to health because it's in the body's nature to heal. Every time you cut yourself,
you are witness to this healing process. You don't have to think about it. You don't have to
take any special potions. You don't need any prescription drugs. The skin just does its duty.
It heals itself. When you break a bone, the place where you broke it is stronger after it heals
than it was before it broke. Not only is it in the body's nature to heal itself, it's in the body's
nature to get stronger when it is under certain amounts of stress. This is how exercise works.
Now they're trying to get rid of vaginal birth. Someday it'll be a conspiracy
that women ever had babies, period. They'll be grown in tanks.
Let me tell you about the disaster of cesarean sections. When a baby is born,
he is coated with bacteria, and that bacteria become that baby's personal microbiome for
producing vitamins and detoxifying food and processing anything that the kid eats for the
rest of his life. A baby that's born non-vaginally through cesarean section is going to be
compromised at the digestive system level for life. He's going to be running higher risks for
degenerative disease, and this is a baby that's going to be forced to interact with the medical
doctor. They don't want him getting the colostrum that is every immunity the woman in her entire
genetic line had, an entire vaccination all the way back to the beginning of humanity.
Don't get that either. That's right, and how many babies, how many mothers are told to give
their babies formula because there's not enough nutrients in breast milk? I just got a Facebook
message from a guy who said just that. He went to the doctor. The doctor said, well, breast milk's
okay, but there's not enough nutrients in it. We need to give your baby a B12 and fluoride
injection. Folks, this is not only stupidity and bad science and bad biochemistry. It's killing us.
It's costing us our quality of life. It's so tragic and it's so unnecessary. If you do things
like number one, practice deep breathing. Number two, get on a nutritional supplement program.
Number three, not interacting with the corporate domesticating food, the food that gets us fat and
the food that keeps us dumb and stupid. Simple things like that can restore ourselves back to
health because it's the way the body is constructed. It's the divine force at work,
and it doesn't need our help. It simply needs raw materials to do its work.
Amazing. Now, my neck, my face, my arms, my legs have all gotten smaller, but I don't follow the
whole Infowarshealth.com, the longevity program. I'm trying to. My belly has stayed the same size,
and a lot of evidence is I guess I'm still eating gluten, and I guess I've got the wheat belly.
You know, it's a stress response that we're talking about. To the body, there's only two
kinds of stresses, Alex. There's the stress of being eaten by a saber-toothed tiger or a lion,
and there's the stress of starvation. So what the body will do when it's under stress, and it
doesn't know that there's stress from the government and stress from the IRS and stress
from our families and stress from our foods. It just thinks we're going to be eaten by a tiger
or we're going to starve. So number one, it will send us out on a one-pointed hunt for food,
and it'll put that food on our bellies. It'll store it as fat, and it won't allow us to lose
that fat because it thinks a famine is about to approach. Number two, it's going to activate the
chemistry that will protect us from being eaten by a saber-toothed tiger. Number one, it's going
to divert blood from the digestive system and from the brain into the legs so that we can run.
And number two, it's going to clot the blood, and it's going to cause hypertension so we don't
bleed to death. And when you think about it, all of the diseases that we're suffering from,
all the degenerative diseases that we're suffering from are the result of lack of circulation,
stagnation, blood clotting, obesity, and, oh, by the way, you can throw in a shrinking of the
brain, the intellectual centers of the brain, and a slowing down of the immune system.
There was a big study on that, geneticists, where the IQ is dropping across the world.
No surprise. No surprise, Alex. Stay there.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it. And out of the gates, we have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is the
only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered by other
fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluoro silicate. Get your pro pure with a new pro one
filter today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139. It's no secret that pathogens such
as bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus can inflict severe damage in the human body. Fortunately,
a new and vastly improved silver solution has been developed. Supernatural silver is a revolutionary
broad spectrum antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal solution that can be used inside the body as well
as on the skin. Supernatural silver is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers using a
patented technology that is highly effective against colds, flus, infections, food poisoning
and yeast in addition to many other pathogens. Supernatural silver is scientifically supported,
extremely safe and is the number one choice of thousands of people for immune system support.
Find out how supernatural silver could change your life. Go to supernaturalsilver.com and use
the promo code healthy for 20% off. That's supernaturalsilver.com and like us on Facebook.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Bend Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These all
natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth friendly
and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Buy the
one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what you're using now
or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing
deal. You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Crashing through the lies and disinformation. It's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network.
We're back live. Our guest is pharmacist Ben Fuchs. You can find all of the longevity products
that are the very best at the lowest prices at Infowarshealth.com. There's also phone numbers
there if you want to call and ask any questions. You can sign up for auto shipping and get free
shipping. That's very important to do and it's all up there. The Polymers Plus, the Beyond Tangerine,
the Osteo FX and 300 plus other amazing products in the catalog area of Infowarshealth.com.
That's Infowarshealth.com or you can also go to Infowarsteam.com and sign up there to be
a distributor. That's Infowarsteam.com. Okay, Ben, break down then for the average person
who tries to stay away from the GMO. Well, I mean, the general public's eating GMO, Aspartame,
artificial sweeteners, the McDonald's food and others has the silicone in it.
I mean, what they can get away with putting in food. All this is out there now.
Our longevity is dropping, the cancer is exploding, the diabetes, all of this and
society is falling apart. What would you begin with? I'm going to give you the floor right now
for the next 10 minutes before we go to calls and news. What would you go through?
What are our biggest health issues and what exactly is wrong with the medical model? Why
are we falling apart? What can we do about it? Why do we need to supplement? What does weight
loss occur as a byproduct of supplementation? What is the problem with fluoride? You've got
the floor. All right, the biggest problem that we're dealing with is what you've been talking
about for the last couple hours, this idea of post-traumatic stress syndrome.
Post-traumatic stress syndrome simply means that we're stressed after trauma. From birth
forward, the human body is attacked with things like fluoride in the water, excitotoxins in the
food, nutritionally deficient foods, sugar, et cetera, et cetera. Not to mention pharmaceutical
drugs and deadly medical procedures. It makes perfect sense that we would all be dealing with
a type of post-traumatic stress. So the first and most important thing we can do if we're
dealing with a degenerative disease or to prevent degenerative disease is to figure out how to tell
the body that we are safe, that everything is okay from a survival standpoint. And the first
thing you need to do or we need to do is understand the breathing processes we talked about before.
The biggest emergency to the body from a physical standpoint is lack of oxygen. Over time, as we
are bombarded with stress, we begin to contract our body. And by the time we're in our 20s or
30s, we're filled with these microscopic little contractions that are pools of hypoxia, pools of
low oxygen. And these pools of low oxygen accumulate, and the body over time believes that
it's about to die. So the first and most important thing we can do to activate the body is relax
the body's relaxation chemistry, healing chemistry, built-in healing chemistry is to deep breathe and
to blow off carbon dioxide. I don't want to beat this to death, but that's probably the single
most important thing we can do. The second most important thing we can do is to figure out how
to eat less calories and get more nutrients. The average American diet is the exact opposite. It's
more calories and less nutrients. And you and I have talked about this before. When the body
gets calories without nutrients, it continues being hungry. We have a shutoff center in our
brain, an appetite suppressant center in our brain. And this appetite suppressant center in
the brain is dependent on nutrients and protein, and to a certain extent fats as well. So making
sure that you're getting enough protein, making sure you're getting enough fats in the form of
essential fatty acids and saturated fats, by the way, like coconut oil, and making sure that
you're getting enough micronutrients is the second most important strategy that you can use.
And not only is it an important strategy for helping turn on the relaxation chemistry,
but it's a wonderful strategy for building your immune system and allowing your body to lose
weight naturally. In fact, as you know, one of the most common effects of nutritional supplementation
with the Beyond Tangy Tangerine and the Young Jeopardy products is weight loss. And we don't
even talk about weight loss as being a benefit from using the Beyond Tangy Tangerine. It's just
a natural effect of nutritional supplementation. The third most important strategy that we can use
is to refuse to interact with the corporate machine that could care less about our health.
Your doctor, the medical model, the corporate medical model, corporate food, these people
could care less whether we live or die, as long as they extract our money. To refuse to interact
with the McDonald's of the world, the Taco Bell's of the world, the Kaiser's of the world. To refuse
to participate in their scam is the third most important strategy that we can use. And let me
tell you something, when we drive, when we pass by McDonald's, we don't want to be driving through,
we want to be driving by. And as we're driving by, we want to be giving them the finger because
they are truly the enemy of humanity. And if we participate in eating the fast food and eating
the corporate swill and not supplementing using a nutritional supplement, nutritional supplement
program, we are complicit in our own demise. The third thing, drink more water, clean water,
filtered water, and stay away from toxic fluoride, whether it's in the form of toothpaste or whether
it's in the form of drinking water. One of the most insidious ways that we pollute, that
humanity is being polluted is by fluoride in the drinking water for babies. If you go to
Walgreens or these drugs, Rite Aid, drugstores and convenience stores, you'll find nursery water,
which is packed with fluoride. How a mother can voluntarily give their baby toxic fluoride in
this in- I gotta stop you on this cuz you're nice and say they may be doing it on purpose.
They're eugenicists. I've got all the globalists bragging how we deserve it. The Journal of
Pediatrics, the American Medical Association, the American Dental Association were forced
six years ago to say that under five should not drink fluoride and should not brush with fluoride
because they had to admit the cancer and the dental fluorosis. It is a fact that it reduces
IQ. And they put huge amounts, like three or four parts per million in that. And we forced them what
last year to finally cut it from 1.3 to 0.7 parts per, what is it, million or billion.
They had to cut basically in half the amount, a little bit more than half of what they put
in the water. And they're banning it as a pesticide now because it bioaccumulates. I mean,
this is the ultimate hoax. This chemical weapon in the hydrofluorosolic acid range,
which makes the sodium fluoride, which you do need a tiny amount of, hyper poisonous and cumulative
and stick in your bones. I mean, come on, pharmacist Ben Fuchs, that's on purpose.
Well, one of the best ways to protect ourselves from fluoride is to make sure you're getting
enough nutritional supplements, especially iodine, especially vitamin C, and especially vitamin E.
And by the way, this whole notion of iodized salt and all we need is a tiny little bit of iodine in
our salt and we won't get glitter is another health scan that does disservice to the human
race. Iodine is not just a thyroid hormone, it's a critical hormone for the pineal gland,
which is like a fluoride vacuum cleaner. If you're getting fluoride and you're giving your kids
fluoride and you're not getting enough iodine, you are guaranteeing that your pineal gland will
be shrunk in an atrophy like an old man by the time you or your kid is 10 or 12 years old.
So making sure that you're taking care of nutritional supplements is once again,
one of the best ways to protect yourself against toxicity. By the way, when it comes to water,
there's not just fluoride in the water Alex, there's measurable amounts of cardiovascular
medications, of calcium channel blockers, and of antidepressants and other psychotropic
medications in the water. I was just reading an article this morning that talked about fish
having autism genes turned on by swimming in water that has antipsychotic and anti-medication,
antidepressant medication in it. Literally, fish have genes, autism genes, and those genes get
turned on by having the fish swimming in antidepressant-laden water. And this is the
kind of stuff that we're drinking. Not to mention if you go ahead and voluntarily take an
antidepressant or an antipsychotic drug. And this whole idea, by the way, of Prozac and serotonin
reuptake inhibitors is one of the biggest scandals in a whole litany of scandals of-
Yeah, let me stop you for just a moment because this is so incredible. Last week,
Melissa Melton on the Nightly News covered the London Guardian, big studies, headlined
fish committing suicide because of serotonin reuptake inhibitors in the water. They will swim
right up to bigger fish and be eaten. They will swim right up into people's nets. And what did
they report five years ago in a federal study? Shrimp committing suicide because of Prozac.
Prozac-type drugs, but here's the deal. They're finding a generic form of Prozac in water supplies
at levels higher than it should be even for runoff, Ben. They're jacking the water with
Prozac. There it is, pharmacological waste runoff causing shrimp and other marine life to commit
suicide. Now, that's from 2012. You guys have got to pull up. I remember the exact headline,
like fish committing suicide on Prozac. I mean, of course. I'm sorry, go ahead.
You hit the nail on the head with those two words. Of course, we cannot expect anything to be
different. Look, if you're on a prescription medication, if anybody out there is on a
prescription medication, take that medication and instead of swallowing it, chew it. Let that
medication hit your taste buds in your tongue. It will taste like the most toxic, repulsive
poison you could ever imagine. And the reason is, it is the most toxic, repulsive poison
that you could ever imagine. And the fact that you're taking it in small enough doses
that you don't notice a big time emergency poison response doesn't make that stuff less poisonous.
How can we have a healthcare system manned by healthcare professionals who are sworn to do no
harm that lives and subsists and does its work by poisoning people purportedly back to health?
Where does this notion come from that we can pharmaceuticalize ourselves back to health and
wellness? Alex, the word pharmaceutical itself, pharmaco comes from the root word for what?
Poison. You're literally, if we are taking these medications and there's 4 billion of them,
prescriptions served every year annually in this country alone and untold billions around the
world, if we voluntarily participate in taking these poisons, we are complicit in our own demise.
And folks, let me tell you something, nutrients are what drugs dream they could be. When a drug
goes to bed at night and has a fantasy, it fantasizes it's vitamin C or vitamin E or
vitamin A because these substances have the medicinal properties of the pharmaceutical
agents with zero toxicity zippos. Zero. They keep trying to find people who die or have some kind of
toxic response to nutrients and they can't find them because it never happens. Yet we want to
have more and more regulation on nutrients. We want to have, in the coming years we probably
will have, doctors tell us what kind and how much vitamins and nutrients we could take and let me
tell you something. That's what they're pushing through the whole UN deal. That's official.
Codex thing, that's exactly right. And in some countries it's already started. In Germany and
in Canada and in France, you can only get small amounts of vitamin C. You can only get small
amounts of vitamin A. And if you want more, you gotta have a doctor officially write you
a prescription. And while we're on the subject- Yeah, Merck's now coming out just a few days ago,
officially saying, you don't just need vaccines to be mandatory. Everyone needs to be on
antidepressants. I mean, there's no end to the cuckoo-ness of these people.
It's cuckoo, right? It's absolutely nuts. But you know what, Alex? We have to take responsibility
for our own health. We have to cease and desist from this abdication of responsibility for our
health and wellness. I agree. Where should people start? Obvious plug. We sell what we believe in.
You're purchasing great products at infohorsehealth.com and infohorseteam.com that
Ben has worked on and is advising us on. Helps fund our operation. What products should people
start out with? Yeah. Let me ask you a simple question. How many people have you talked to
in the last two years or two and a half years that you've been doing this that have told you
that they got on the BTT and their life changed? How many people, all right? I've been hearing it
since 1997. I don't even call for it on air. We had a guy calling today about it.
It happens all the time. They lose weight. They feel better. They're off their medication. I
can't tell you how many letters I've got from people who said that they started the beyond
tangy tangerine and they're off their medication. And that's just one product. If you want to just
see for yourself, just you're a little skeptical and I like people who are skeptical. I'm skeptical
myself. Get yourself on the beyond tangy tangerine. Go to infohorsehealth.com. Check
it out for yourself. If you're like most people, you will notice results in one or two doses.
Absolutely. Infohorsehealth.com. You can also call 888-789-9277. That's 888-789-9277,
888-789-9277. I want to go back in the next segment and go to Brian, a vet who did receive
letters saying he can't have his guns and Chad and Jim and a few others who are holding patiently.
We will get to you gentlemen. So thank you for holding and sorry it's taken so long. We had a
lot of calls to get to. You can also get all of Dr. Wallach's books available at infohorsestore.com.
The Dead Doctors Don't Lie, Hell's Kitchen, Immortality, and Let's Play Doctor. All of
those at infowarsshop.com or infowarsstore.com. Or sign up and get auto ship and get free shipping.
That's a huge deal on the longevity products at infowarshealth.com. That's the place to get
free shipping. Sign up, become a distributor and get big discounts. You can be a distributor for
$10 by getting a Costco card and it is huge discounts. All available at infowarshealth.com.
But let me hit a few news items before we go to break and we'll come back with pharmacist
Ben Fuchs on the other side. I promise to do this. So let's go over some of these headlines here.
Paypal resignation linked to inquiry into Vatican gay officials says paper.
Yeah, and pedophilia folks. Pub staff declined to confirm or deny
La Republica claims linking Vatican links affair and discovery of blackmailed gay clergy.
Yeah, that's how they control and manipulate things. Health of Hugo Chavez not improving
Venezuelan government indicates Russian meteorite fragments seized from local man
trying to sell them online. I thought under common law even in Russia, that would be your property.
Government people find dinosaur bones on their own property and government comes and steals them now.
Berlusconi's last throw the dice in Italian election, what a gangster.
Public schools installing panic buttons. Instead of getting teachers who can be armed with a
concealed carry, teacher gonna kill people are coming up with a gun anyways. Instead of that,
no, no, no, they're gonna put panic buttons and so you can all crouch down when there's a shooter
and hit the panic button and help the police get there in 10 minutes. So basically learn how to die.
Maybe you can learn to stand up and put a red spray paint on yourself.
Detroit tops 2013 list of America's most miserable cities. Now that's NAFTA and
GATT and deindustrialization. But Obama says it's good to bulldoze half the city, it's for the earth.
Rewilding but not in China where the globalist have their investments.
Philadelphia chef plans to introduce horse meat to menu at popular Sicilian restaurant.
Again, everybody's obsessing over fake fish that isn't fish or is a different fish or
not getting real beef. Yeah, that's horrible. But that's nothing compared to bromine and Gatorade.
Or aspartame and 10,000 plus products just in major studies. Why is diabetes up
34,000% in Hispanics? Something like 500% in whites, about 1000% in blacks.
Folks, I mean, there are genetic differences in different groups of humans. We're all the same
race, but there's different variances. Just like whatever it is with the Asians that cross the
Bering Strait land bridge, that's what Mesoamericans are, is we're Asians.
Or basically like Huns that cross. The point is, is that it's the same thing. Genetically,
Asians, especially Native Americans, that strain cannot drink like other ethnic groups.
Well, it's the same thing. What alcohol absolutely devastates Asians and the North American,
South American, Central American variant. And so that's what I've told you. If you're Hispanic,
which is Spanish, North African slash Asian mix, you never want to touch aspartame.
media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the
only one that does it and out of the gates. We have it discounted at 10% off with promo code
water. This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides,
chloramines, ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosilic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your pro pure with
a new pro one filter today at mfallwarstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139. We all know that
Berkey water purification systems are the most trusted name in water filtration. As an authorized
Berkey dealer for over six years in serving thousands of satisfied customers, the Berkey
guy offers amazing specials for Berkey water filtration systems. The Berkey light systems
include a set of self-sterilizing and re-cleanable black purification elements that purify water
by removing chlorine, pathogenic bacteria, cysts and parasites to non-detectable levels and remove
harmful chemicals such as herbicides and pesticides. Order the Berkey light system today
complete with two black Berkey elements for only $231 and the Berkey guy will ship your order free
of charge. With the purchase of a Berkey light, the Berkey guy is also offering a set of fluoride
and arsenic filters for only $39.99. That's over 30% off the retail price. Call the Berkey guy at
1-877-886-3653. That's 1-877-886-3653. Or order online at goberkey.com. That's goberkey.com today.
My name is Stephen Heuer. After 22 years of nutritional counseling, I've observed that
most brain malfunctions have at their roots some form of toxicity and brain damage. So whether it
is poor memory, poor focus, lack of creative thinking or more serious matters like inability
to focus, speak normally or remember things, the emphasis to getting one's brain working optimally
needs to be on detoxification. One World Way supports your body's number one means of
detoxification which is glutathione production. My name is Angie and my son has suffered from
borderline autism and constipation. I got him on One World Way and in two months his constipation
is gone. He has become friendlier. He can carry on a normal conversation with me and he has made
his first friend. He's doing great and he looks forward to taking One World Way every day. You
could offer him a present or a cake and he would prefer the One World Way. Go to oneworldway.com.
That's one world w-h-e-y dot com or call 888-988-3325. That's 888-988-3325.
All right here's how this works. For about 12 years I did three hours of radio 11 to 2 central,
12 noon to 3 p.m eastern and then I always had more to cover so for about three years
I did a fourth hour and then I did that fourth hour for a couple years. I was sort of doing
the nightly news and trying to manage all these things and I just it was it was taking all my
energy so I cut back the fourth hour but still stations were carrying it and so I started you
know still doing it part of the time or at least part of it and XM said we can't carry four hours
we'll carry your second third and fourth. Well really that's not the live hour so XM figured
that out and said well we'll try to figure out how to pick up your first hour now at 11 a.m
but that hasn't happened yet so people need to let XM know you're subscribing
on 166 to be able to hear this show and that you want to hear the first hour but a lot of
our affiliates do carry the fourth hour because they can't carry the first because of shows they
already have so it's the first hour a lot of times the best my most focused and cogent
is then re-aired in the fourth hour most days but a lot of days I go into that fourth hour it's
kind of a specialty hour. I'm gonna have Ben Fuchs because the guy's amazing and he really knows his
stuff cover the gut the heart the skin the serotonin reuptake inhibitors first I'm gonna
let him have the floor at about 10 minutes into the next hour I'll introduce him and stuff and
let him roll and then if he wants to take calls or something too we could do that I've got some
vets that are holding right now so let's get to them a vet named Brian in Pennsylvania said he
did receive the letters again if you just joined us the vets are being told no judge no jury if
you're just if you have visibility even if it's physical we're going to take your kids that's
already starting the CPS is and they try to say that your wife's disabled so they can take them
and not even let your family have them so they're targeting the vets in a criminal purge this is
this is like Jews disappearing and it's like well you know they deserve it or whatever they're
targeting the the the veterans that's normally what communists do I mean this is this has happened
all over the world and so Brian bad news here it's all up at info wars.com we've got to have this
story in these letters that we've confirmed go viral they're just saying hey you don't have a
second amendment anymore as Rahm Emanuel promised tell us what happened to you Brian
uh tell us what happened to you Brian um I was a 20 I'm a 20-year Marine Corvette
Iraqi war veteran um after I came back I had a few issues like I assaulted another Marine and
uh things like that uh they put me on crazy crazy amounts of drugs and drug combinations
where I was thinking crazier things than even when I was deployed think about John Wayne you
know his character but I mean I got a lot of fights growing up it's not mentally ill to get
people in fights that's normal but oh they put you on drugs to then say you have no rights go ahead
yeah and uh after I was diagnosed with a head injury because I worked in explosives
for the entire 20 years that I was in the Marine Corps all of a sudden I was no longer
competent to handle my finances I was no longer competent to have weapons they actually were
withholding about fifty thousand dollars in back pay that they owed me for my until my wife signed
over I had to sign my financial rights over my wife yeah they're criminals you need to go get
regular real doctors to say that's not true and go to court okay the VA is a criminal anti-American
organization that is horrible on purpose it's always been there to destroy our troops they've
always had trouble with troops after a war the truth is the government's always hated the troops
they've always hated the troops they've always hated the troops unbelievable anything else you'd
like to add uh no well I say every I agree with everything you're saying keeps doing what you're
doing god bless you all right fourth hour with Ben Fuchs more calls coming up
thank you for listening to GCN visit gcnlive.com today
you prepare by purchasing gold food and firearms but if you don't have a home security system
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection when you're sleeping
or away from home who's watching out for intruders check out simply safe it's a new do-it-yourself
home security system that is completely wireless go to getsimplysafe.com simply safe is independent
getsimplysafe.com simply safe is independent and off the grid it runs on battery power so even if
the grid goes down you are protected it's completely customizable so you can use it in your home
business boat trailer storage unit or shed getsimplysafe.com simply safe is also ridiculously
easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes so there's no need to let a stranger into your home
if you move or need to relocate you can take the system with you wherever you go you aren't always
at home but simply safe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day
seven days a week again that's getsimplysafe.com coast to coast direct from austin
you're listening to the alex jones broadcasting network
all right it's a full fourth hour of global transmission there's a lot of stuff we can't do
much about but being healthier is something we can and i know the last two years i lost up to 45
pounds didn't follow all of it for a while gained about 15 back but i'm back on a regimen i feel
great i can work longer i can easier i always heard ben fuges talk about once you're on the
different longevity products at info health.com less sun tans you better and now i'm a sun
worshiper i mean sun makes me feel great like maybe when he comes back in the next segment
we're going to ben fuges he can he's going to co-host the hour if i come and turn it over to him
and he can talk about why i can be depressed they call that mentally ill i shouldn't be able to own
guns i don't call it depressed the other night i worked till about 10 at night i felt like i've
been run over and it was the end of the world driving home and i woke up the next morning
feeling like i'd come out of a cracker jack box you know like the jack in the box i felt great
popping out of the top it's normal you know they ask school kids do you feel depressed ever
do you ever get anxious well you need to go on drugs that's normal it's normal to learn how to
deal with that stuff i used to have so much anxiety as a kid and even as a teenager now
i wish i had more anxiety sometimes i'm totally calm about stuff behind the scenes really big
dangerous stuff i've just learned to just deal with it that's part of becoming seasoned and
becoming an adult they want arrested development let's go to the troops the veterans about the
official letters being sent out it appears to most veterans saying you can no longer own guns
no judge no jury you are incompetent you are no longer a person uh jim in florida what's your
quick take on this thanks for holding yeah how you doing alex uh good to talk to you brother
i've been with you since uh day one and uh i'm a subscriber i support uh everything you do and
and i just want to give a message to the american public it is not going to happen
you're well every veteran i talk to in their public as well they're not turning their guns
in they're saying fine you want a war get one yeah i'm i'm disabled 100 percent i'm a marine
and i served in vietnam and that was my wake-up call and i've been with you and everybody else
since i came back from uh vietnam you know doing my part so uh i go out and i have people that
approach me and tell me their life story that they should never tell anybody okay and and like
i say the message is it's not going to happen and i want people out here everything alex tells you
is the truth okay and you better all pay attention and get up off your thing and get involved in the
fight burn dvds pass them out mail them out use that email and get in this fight for your freedoms
because nobody in their right mind is going to relinquish their freedoms that we fought for
especially the veterans and thank you and your crew and everybody that you have come on your show
and we pray for you and your family every day wow wow that's humbling man that brings it here to my
god bless you jim thank you for the call we'll have to go to break jam in one more after that
from chad and then that's you know we got calls for ben fuchs after that that he'll be able to
go to after he covers some news 800-25 at 99231 one more call from chad a two-minute report by
jakari jackson on the veterans and then i'm going to turn over the next 50 minutes roughly or so
45 minutes to ben fuchs because this medical stuff is important uh and we're talking about
stuff we're selling as well that's that's only part of it but that's what funds us so
infowarshealth.com see that's why i interrupt sometimes when somebody's talking because i'll
know they don't know the stuff i know and it's frustrating i want to go let me guess and then
this happened yeah how'd you know because the globalists are following handbooks somebody
can call me from england or australia or germany of what they're going through with government and
i go and let me guess then this happened they're like yeah how do you know that because it's not
hard it's an it's a playbook it's a manual it's standard operating procedure and they're trying
to demonize the veterans it is so it just proves how criminal these people are and we don't want
this civil war to take place by the way the globalists are still going forward with their
plans but they're losing right now introducing pro one all of your filtration in one system portable
on the go no more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride you have a system
that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95 percent of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced
manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics
advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element it is the
only one that does it and out of the gates we have it discounted at 10 off with promo code water this
is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides herbicides chloramines ammonia
and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride
filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate get your pro pure with the new pro one filters today
at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139 hey everybody ty bollinger here once again real
life real stories and he discovered carnivore was so thrilled with the product that he shared it
with his family and his friends and his patients my dad was a family physician he was a medical
doctor almost all the symptoms were either diminished or gone amazing product amazing
results like an amazing thing having such a profound change how i feel and knowing that it
was carnivore that did it and a lot of patients got better ranging from immune dysfunction to
allergies and infection here's the toll-free telephone number to call to access the carnivore
telecast at carnivora.com on tuesday march 12th 8 p.m eastern time call 1-888-694-9666
that's 1-888-694-9666 once again 1-888-694-9666 visit c-a-r-n-i-v-o-r-a.com
or call 1-866-VENUSFLY to order now. Digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination
of toxins that bears repeating digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins
and pro em1 daily probiotic cleanse is the key to digestive health pro em1 is a powerful
liquid probiotic strong enough to cleanse gentle enough to use every day pro em1 is dairy wheat
and soy free contains all natural and certified organic ingredients contains no preservatives
or animal products supports a healthy digestive and immune system supports weight loss improves
absorption of food nutrients aids in controlling yeast infections is never freeze dried and uses
three groups of live viable beneficial microbes to cleanse and remove toxins order pro em1 daily
probiotic cleanse at tereganics.com spelled t-e-r-a-g-a-n-i-x.com tereganics.com or call
toll free 866-369-3678 that's 866-369-3678 pro em1 the raw probiotic
from his central texas command center deep behind enemy lines
the information war continues it's alex jones and the gcn radio network
all right ladies and gentlemen we're into the fourth hour here if you look at infowars.com
we've got the headline temporary tattoos could make electric electronic telepathy
and telekinesis possible and you just have a chip tattoo on your skin that then integrates
with your smartphone and allows you to control the drones this is the type of high-tech stuff
that's happening and i'm not against high tech but it's all being backdoored as a trojan horse
to control humanity and our money and energy of the giant seven and a half billion human
horde as we're called is being used to take our energy to build our prison and our own
extermination grid one final caller and all the rest of them dr mike in wyoming julian california
danny in tennessee ryan and colorado they're all calls for ben fuchs i've got to go take an
interview with he was going to be on last night but he couldn't get here so we're doing it today
uh with a interesting musician and so i'll tell you about that before we before we leave here
we're gonna have some special stuff for you on the infowars nightly news tonight seven o'clock
central but pharmacist ben fuchs is going to be running the show here for the rest of the hour
so that so that he can take your calls but first get into a bunch of bunch of important health
news that really is revolutionary but immortal technique will be reportedly on the nightly news
show with an interview that we'll be typing today the news has been live the last few weeks i think
we're going to tape it today because i'm going to do the news and i do the interview so i've
got to get out of here at about five o'clock i have a prior commitment okay let's go to our
final caller on the vets getting the letters in mass being told no judge no jury you are now
incompetent uh because we want to put you on medication under orders uh or the anthrax shot
hurt you and so you have no second amendment right you are the enemy if you don't turn them
in a young SWAT team is waiting to come and kill you basically and that's what they trained for
that the vets are the number one enemy and now it's all official uh chad in california you're
on the air last caller from the vets uh hi alex how you doing pretty good all right hey uh i don't
want to pick apart what the federal government decides to do i think you do a outstanding job
at doing that um i haven't received my letter yet but i'm anticipating it um i'm i am a disabled
veteran my health is dwindling and uh i just need a moment an uninterrupted moment of the air so i
can read something that i feel like will touch sure all is worldwide okay all right it's called
in the eyes of a wounded warrior images of one hanging his head chaos amongst the living carrying
the dead once bitten twice shy ready to live and ready to die storming on the inside bullets flying
where i hide dilated pupils heart pounding distilling in my gut tension mounting floating
metal dropping fire indiscriminate blood under the tire these events arranged forever changed
welcome back mind re-arranged controlled mind blood splatters red cross message loved one's
heart shatter happy war machine pockets got fatter thoughts of the mundane driving pain it's insane
suit and tie sent us to die for a lie dredge excuses creating this mess abandon little boy
consciousness penny less well-being thrown in the ditches polluted humanity for false riches
trading your guilt and shame for camera fame manipulated words war is a lame state of mind
not a game executive decision to kill please forgive me heaven have thy will that's it
all right well what do you think the veterans are going to do is they're told that they are
quote incompetent and told your wife has to run your finances or maybe she's mentally ill too
and we're going to take your kids and they've done nothing and now they're the hunted ones
and homeland security was always shut up for them well i think that the first amendment
is our freedom of speech our right to assembly and if we are taking that if that one is taken
away we have the second amendment and that's what i think about that spoken like an american also
now known as a terrorist thank you for the call and again it's it's it's it's former military
mainly their police who are now going to go harass the the military and then as soon as they're done
with you cops are going to take your guns too and it it's just incredible that i've known for 11
years homeland security was set up for the troops i've known that and i've said that i've put it in
films and i've warned you and i've broken it down and i've studied authoritarianism i'm not patting
myself on the back my point is this is real and we have ruthless globalists that 13 years ago and
99 signed deals that were in bloomberg a few years ago and ap where the death of the people
were the death benefits of troops where they tell you oh sign here to have some of your
check taken out for life insurance for your family they signed a deal with prudential and
others just to take all that money and they said well we got it we got the veterans affairs to
agree and that's why they can say we're going to hold up your back pay until you agree to say you
have a psychological problem and go on these drugs we're going to catch you to make sure you're on
those drugs you're like well i want my 50,000 or i want my 100,000 in some cases you know all the
back pay you've been saving or whatever by the way if you're in the military take every dime
of it now and don't invest in any of their investment deals you're never going to see it
any of it okay you understand that and again this is not part of some military butt kissing
operation military knows when they're out there doing checkpoints and being part of it i'm in
their face but it really makes me sick watching the military being abused like this while the
very people doing it talk about how much they love the military that's their cover like liberals say
they're liberals they're authoritarian eugenicists who created the nazis these are people that are
into how humans work and controlling us and gaming us they're con artists with a science plan
and a propaganda core but none of their fancy garbage matters anymore when you know they're
the enemy you understand that once you understand the score and their tricks they only run about 15
different tricks you know the play i've seen the card man i know what you're up to now i'm turning
the rest of this hour over to pharmacist ben fuchs who was with me as a guest but he's such a good
talk show host joining us via video skype i'm going to turn it over to him but first here's
a report jakari jackson just did that was going to air on the nightly news tonight but i thought
why not just air this now uh because it gets into the veteran situation and kind of boils it all
down some of the backstory because you know drudge is linked to the article about um about you know
the current thing and which is great our info wars.com article that we you know discovered what
drudge was covering we then wrote an article just adding some of the history of this to it at
info wars.com so go check out the drugs report.com link on the left-hand side then go and all the
gun grabbing news then go check out our link with the backstory history on it but right now let's
go ahead and go to this clip uh here it is with jakari jackson i'm jakari jackson for the info
wars nightly news with all the pro-military coverage in the media it also flies under the
radar that veterans are viewed as the new terror threat we've seen the use of timothy mcveigh and
others used to demonize all veterans pushing the image of the angry disgruntled vet charging them
with felonies and labeling them terrorists for doing things such as investigating surveillance
cameras and demanding the rights that they fought to protect homeland security has lumped
servicemen in with quote right-wing extremists and using what can best be described as bunk science
veterans are having their right to bear arms taken away even the boy scouts have run simulations on
how to brutalize quote disgruntled veterans telling a veteran that they are too traumatized by the
military experience to own a gun it's like disarming a robbery victim because they are
too traumatized by their home invasion now while i do agree that there are some veterans that may
not be the most sound of mind and body you can say that of any in the american population
regardless of occupation race sex location or any other of many factors and it's not always
demonizing vets groups have worked behind the scenes to take away death benefits trample
religious freedoms and even charge soldiers for the medals that they earned we've heard the
anecdote that soldiers of old would roll over in their graves if they had to deal with this kind
of treatment but the fact is that many veterans roll out of bed every day having to deal with
these same issues i'm jakari jackson for the info wars nightly news and every night you get at least
30 minutes of that sometimes two or three hours but we've got to cut down to an official 30
minutes for tv and that's enough to go into overdrive for the prison planet tv members
become a prison planet tv member today okay ben you're going to break in three minutes
you got about 43 minutes you've got the floor pharmacist ben fuchs and you've got loaded
phone lines there julie danny dr mike tim ryan he'll get to all of you ben you've got the floor
god bless thank you so much alex and i can't tell you what an honor this is i've been a
info warrior since the late 90s that's when i started listening to alex jones and
to get to participate in this mat and this fashion is quite an honor so thank you very much and
thank you to everybody out there at the uh at the info at the info war studios rob do chris
shout out to all you guys thank you for everything you do aaron dikes my name is ben fuchs most of
you guys probably know who i am i've got a radio program called the bright side on the genesis
communication network airs eight to nine pacific time 10 to 11 central time five days a week we
talk about the glory and the greatness of the human body despite the fact that it seems like
we are falling apart americans are the sickest culture in the history of the planet despite the
fact that we have the highest health care costs and more doctors per capita than any other country
in the world we're sicker than any other any other culture has ever been but despite that i have hope
in the in the human body i'm a lover of the human body i've been studying the cells and studying
tissues and studying the organs of the body since 1983 when i got into pharmacy school and if
there's one thing that i've learned it is this the human body is a healing system it's a
regenerating system it is is designed divinely to heal and renew itself on a moment-to-moment
basis and if we are not accessing this healing power we are doing something wrong and the fact
of the matter is friends because of this built-in nature because of this built-in healing nature
of the human body it is not difficult to access it it's not difficult to access what is already
there we simply have to stop doing the things that cover this up most importantly we have to
stop interacting with the corporate swill that passes for food mcdonald's taco bell processed
food boxed foods these need to be avoided like the plague there is flat out no way we are going
to be able to access our healing and health greatness as long as we are interacting with
this corporate with this corporate food lifestyle we'll continue when we come back from our break
i'm looking forward to taking your phone calls if you've got questions about health nutrition
prescription drugs the longevity products which you can get at infowars.health we want to hear
from you on uh on the alex jones program we'll be back right after this break don't go away
don't go away hello i'm alex jones myself my family the infowars.com team want to relay to you
and your families that we are intensifying our efforts against the globalist on every front
infowars.com is leading the fight against the technocrats but we can't do that without your
help by getting the films bumper stickers and t-shirts at infowars.com you will wake up people
in your area and support our operation as we move to the next level we need your help to spread the
word like never before they wish to hide themselves during this tectonic battle between the forces of
freedom and darkness you are the response to the globalist technocrats and their program of global
eugenics dehumanization and ultimate extermination the war is here it's an infowar the spirit of
1776 versus the mindset of 1984 time and time again you need to come here and help us we need
assistance please those we should be able to depend on let us down federal and state and local officials
saying help is on the way well the folks here in bell harbor say show me don't depend on the
government to save you take action now so that you're prepared for the next disaster with my
patriotsupply.com get the best prices on storable food non-gmo seeds water filtration devices home
canning equipment survival and self-reliance books and more at my patriotsupply.com call
866-229-0927 we are hurting down here and we need help immediately before it's time to survive
it's time to prepare my patriotsupply.com my patriotsupply.com
is there a less expensive way to detoxify your body yes micro plant powder from hempusa.org
frees your body of toxins from virus fungus bacteria vaccinations pharmaceutical residues
heavy metals parasites and toxic chemicals in your food and water for around ten dollars a month
and for persistent health issues try our matrix biopowder together with micro plant powder for
a deeper cellular cleaning call 888-910-4367 and see what our powder seeds and oil can do for you
at hempusa.org hi this is ted anderson have you ever wondered why banks stockbrokers investment
advisors won't talk about gold iras they've been available since 1986 yet the financial
industry won't recognize the value of gold for your retirement gold is outperform paper
investments yet no word about iras if you would like to have gold for your retirement call 800-686-2237
don't get left behind by rising inflation and low returns call 800-686-2237 secure your future and
call 1-800-686-2237 your freedoms are on the line the second amendment is in danger how soon before
your freedoms are taken away what can you not live without what is your greatest dependency
is it your guns is it your home no it's food it all boils down to the food supply tyrannical
governments control people by controlling their food supply don't be dependent be self-sufficient
don't wait for the government to feed you feed yourself i can warn you but i can't feed you do
like alex has done and get a supply of food from efoods direct it's the best long-term storable
food on the planet get the popular mega patriot pack free a 24-day supply of food plus stove
cook pot and fuel call 800-409-5633 or go to efoods direct.com slash alex and get up to 20
mega patriot packs free with purchase build your food supply be in control be self-sufficient and
be a patriot call 800-409-5633 or efoods direct.com slash alex and get your free patriot pack today
the genesis communications radio network proudly presents
the alex jones show because there's a war on for your mind indeed indeed there's a war on for your
mind and there's a war on for your body there's a war on our good health if we wanted to design
a society that was specifically set up to destroy our ability to grow and repair and to live a
quality life we couldn't do a better job i'm far mrs ben sitting in for alex i have the honors for
of sitting in for alex today on the alex jones show i want to get to your phone calls here in
a little bit i love talking to you guys because i know that i can make a difference with some of the
some of the information that i can share with you so if you want to give us a shout we welcome your
phone calls we'll get to julie in california uh dr mike in wyoming i'm especially interested in
talking to you so please hang tight a couple things i want to say uh first of all i've been
in the skincare business since 1983 i'm a skincare formulator i formulated products for many years
i've helped people with their skin for many years we spend hundreds of millions of dollars in
skincare on this country in this country and let me tell you something people there's not a topical
skincare product in the world that can do for your eczema they can do for your rosacea they can
do for your psoriasis they can do for your skin what a good nutritional supplement program can
do because the fact of the matter is if you are dealing with some kind of skin health issue that
is compromising the way you look and the way you appear you are flat out dealing with some kind of
nutritional deficiency and or digestive health issue in fact this relationship between the
digestive system and the skin is extremely intimate when we're a fetus in the womb a
tube is formed that becomes our digestive system over time and within days to weeks the cells of
that tube flip over and become our skin and from that point forward the skin and the digestive
system are are like two peas in a pod they're best friends and anything that shows up on anything
that uh any kind of breakdown in the digestive system is going to show up on the skin and
anything that is showing up on the skin rest assured has some kind of root cause in the
digestive system so if you guys are dealing with eczema acne psoriasis any kind of skincare health
issue i want to hear from you and we can help guide you through the process of using the beyond
tangy tangerine nutritional supplementation in general to take care of that by the way if you're
interested in purchasing any of the products that you hear us talk about infowars.health
for products or you can also call 1-888-789-9277 all right so if you're dealing with a skincare
skin health issue if you've got rosacea vitiligo acne whatever it is you are dealing with the
manifestation of a stress response that's secondary to a digestive system breakdown
period end of story and if you go to a dermatologist and you go to a doctor and he gives
you some kind of medicine guess what he's probably going to give you you're probably going to get
a steroid cream why are you going to get a steroid cream what is a steroid cream a steroid cream is
a cream that suppresses your immune system the immune system is your defense system the immune
system is your stress management system the way dermatological treatments work the way skincare
remedies work is they shut down the body's stress response system and this is so important to
understand because and i've said this before about the rest of the body but it's true about the skin
it's true about the skin as well our diseases are the manifestation of long-term activation of the
stress response system secondary to breakdown in the digestive system reading from one of my
favorite magazines science news this came out i just got this i just got this yesterday i'm always
looking for articles that verify some of these ideas about health and it's our lack of health
and its relationship to uh the digestive system page 10 in science news digestive juices blamed
in shock the nutrient absorbing structures i'm reading here quote the nutrient absorbing
structures in intestines break down when an animal is in shock unquote period that is all you need
to know about health and wellness we go into shock mode we go into safe mode we go into stress
management mode when our digestive system breaks down and our digestive system breaks down my
friends very early in life sometimes prenatally for most of us at least it begins to break down
when we leave the womb this is because when we leave the womb the human species the human being
is born with a premature digestive tract we got big heads so we got to come out of the womb early
we come out of the womb immature and especially at the digestive tract level but no problem
nature takes care of everything this is where breast milk comes in breast milk is specifically
designed to grow a digestive system by the way i'll tell you about here in a moment i'll tell
you about a great nutritional supplement that you can use to help grow your digestive system and
improve and help repair your digestive tract but for now i want to say that when we come out of the
womb nature has designed a system where breast milk will grow our digestive tract if we are not
breastfed long enough if we're not breastfed at all or if we're breastfed by moms who are
themselves nutritionally compromised guess what we begin our life with strike one at the digestive
tract level strike two begins when we interface when we interface with the standard american diet
and by the time most of us are 10 or 12 years old our lymphatic system which is our poison and waste
control system is so swollen we can't even breathe and we have to have a surgical procedure to have
that lymph removed it's called a tonsillectomy we're gonna take a break be back with your phone
calls on the alex jones show right after this don't go away we're on the march the empire's
on the run alex jones and the gcn radio network introducing pro one all of your filtration in
one system portable on the go no more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride
you have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95 percent of hydrofluorosolic
acid advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element
it is the only one that does it and out of the gates we have it discounted at 10 off with promo
code water this is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides herbicides
chloramines ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate get your pro pure with the
new pro one filters today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139
are you still a traditional smoker now experience a new lifestyle and try vaping with e-cigarettes
by lisig imagine no ashes stains nasty smell or coughing and hacking with lisig e-cigarettes
revolutionary micro electronic technology rechargeable battery and unique replaceable
cartridge you'll get all the benefits and satisfaction of smoking without the hazards
choose your taste from a wide variety of our new american-made vapor yet e-liquids at lisig.com
and lisig smokes the competition by serving thousands of worldwide customers with real
people customer service fast free same-day shipping and a 30-day warranty and satisfaction
guarantee so are you ready for a new vaping lifestyle then call 8 7 0 5 1 8 4 3 0 7 that's
8 7 0 5 1 8 4 3 0 7 or visit lisig.com spelled l-e-c-i-g.com lisig e-cigarettes for today's
modern smoker injuries slow healing aches and pains constipation weakness fatigue are all
common the older one gets the progressive deterioration of the body that occurs almost
universally the older one gets can partly to significantly be prevented with conscientious
attention to nutrition if the hansa men can play rugby in their 90s then it is possible for
everyone in north america to experience a more youthful life as well one key ingredient to
warding off aging and reversing some of it is the type and quality of protein consumed all protein
foods or supplements you currently consume are heat damaged destroying 50 to 75 percent of your
ability to utilize the body building amino acids one world way is not heat damaged and allows your
body to utilize 100 of the amino acids this feat no one else has achieved the results to your health
can be amazing call 8 8 8 9 8 8 3 3 2 5 that's 8 8 8 9 8 8 3 3 2 5 or visit one world way.com that's
one world w-h-e-y.com all right welcome back to the alex jones show i am pharmacist ben sitting in
for alex i have the honor of sitting in for alex we're talking about health nutrition the skin the
digestive system and i also want to get your phone calls dr mike hang tight i want to get to you next
uh but real quick if you're dealing with a skincare issue you're dealing with a digestive
issue and you're dealing with a nutritional deficiency issue the good news is friend
friends if you are dealing with a skincare issue you can reverse it toot sweet i'm talking eczema
psoriasis acne the beautiful thing about the skin is it regenerates itself every four to eight weeks
which means that whatever your skin condition is today you can begin the healing process
immediately and within four to eight weeks you don't have to have it any longer but you do have
to make some corrections most especially around digestive health and wellness and nutritional
supplementation if you're interested by the way in purchasing any of the longevity products that
you've heard us talk about on this program go to infowars.health or you can call 1-888-789-9277
all right so thanks when you think skin think digestive health when you think digestive health
think liquid nutrition the less work your digestive system has to do the better off
it's going to be liquid nutrition allows you to bypass digestive juices to bypass the chewing up
process the grinding process that occurs in the stomach and it allows your nutrients to go right
to work and in fact this is why liquid nutrients like the beyond tangy tangerine works so
effectively and works so fast but you don't need need just the beyond tangy tangerine you can use
vegetable juices you can use soups in fact one of my favorite nutritional supplements
for the skin is bone soup where you take a chicken carcass or even a whole chicken
drop it in a pot of water put a little apple cider vinegar in there throw some veggies in there
and let the soups let the water simmer until it forms a soupy consistency and the meat falls off
the bone it makes the most delicious soup you've ever had you've ever tasted and on top of that
the cartilaginous factors the cartilage factors that come out of the bone and dissolve into the
water are some of the best and most protective skin nutrients you could ever use and on top of
all that it's great for your immune system it's great for your digestive system and it's great
for your joints and it's called bone soup you can make it yourself it's cheap and tasty you
can take the extra the stuff you don't use you can freeze it put it in a uh ice cube tray and
make little ice cubes of uh bone soup ice cubes and then you can stick them in a in a uh a sauce
pan and you can make fresh soup whatever you want or you can put in a microwave in a in a cup of
water you can make yourself bone soup for lunch another great strategy for the digestive system
is the longevity product called z radical z radical is made up of something called polysaccharides
or proteoglycans which are slimy kinds of material one of the ways that we get sick and one of the
ways that we get into digestive health issues digestive health issues is by attack from
substances that are produced by plants and bacteria called lectins that's spelled l-e-c-t-i-n-s
lectins are like sticky pods that attach themselves to our digestive tract in different
parts of the body and can wreak havoc on not just digestive health but on uh urinary tract
health on lung health on uh lectins are responsible for cancer lectins are responsible
for gluten intolerance one of the neat things about the z radical and it's kind of slimy
consistency is that slime coats these lectins and allows your body to excrete them and they
can help improve the z radical can help improve the symptoms of h pylori infection digestive
distress arthritis and autoimmune diseases women for uh eons have used things like cranberry juice
to help dissolve and wash away the bacteria that cause urinary tract infections and what
what they were doing unknowingly is using the sugars in cranberry juice to slime away the
bacteria the e.coli bacteria that cause the urinary tract infection so the z radical for
the digestive system the uh liquid nutrients especially the beyond tangent tangerine for
the digestive system and one more really cool nutritional supplement that you can use for the
digestive system and for digestive health and also for building muscle and also for brain health and
also for cardiovascular cardiovascular health i'll tell you what that is here in a second but
i want to get to the phones i take a couple phone calls before we do that uh dr mike i want to hear
what you have to say dr mike and wyoming what's going on buddy yes hi uh dr few times i've listened
to you a couple times on alex's show and uh tried to call in um i uh i graduated from ut and b in
galveston and uh trained out at saint joe's in phoenix uh you you say a few things that really
kind of discredit yourself uh although i i think basically you're selling a good product and uh
i i use some of them but uh when you make statements like all diseases are nutrition based
which you've made several times and uh statements to the effect that
all physicians are just prostitutes in service to pharmaceutical uh industry well i've never
i've never said that so i i mean i'm interested in what you have to say i've never said anything
like that but but go ahead i want to hear what you have to say but don't don't be putting words
in my mouth and don't be saying that uh implying that i said things that i didn't say but continue
i want to hear what you have to say what's the title of your book i don't have a book i think
you're mistaken me for somebody else no maybe maybe i am but i think you're mistaken oh you're
talking about uh dead doctors don't lie is that what you're talking about is that your book no
it's not my book but i i know what you're saying listen i don't want to get into a uh pissing
contest here with you doc uh the fact of the matter is i'm not going to tell you that all
any i don't like saying the word all i never say the word all because there's always exceptions
however i can tell you that in my experience behind almost almost all degenerative disease
crisis is a problem processing nutrients either at the digestive system level or at the intake
level do you agree disagree with that absolutely yeah that sort of nonsense well hang on hang on
tell me what degenerative disease does not have at its core some kind of nutrition processing
a nutrition processing issue or absorption issue or a intake issue name one let me you cut me off
let me let me finish what i had to say you you've also made a statement that uh that physicians have
have virtually no training in in i never said that you're you're you're confusing me with somebody
else i'm sorry but but you did and uh you know i i don't think you're in a position to to even
make statements like that i never said those things you're confusing me with somebody else
doc listen we're not going anywhere thank you so much for your call i appreciate it
julian california what's going on hi hi hi is this uh alex jones show yes it is and i'm pharmacist
ben fuchs sitting in for alex is alex jones in there now or no alex jones may be somewhere but
can i help you we're talking about health and nutrition for the next 20 minutes or so
okay well i was really inclined to talk to alex jones and now we're just talking about health i
want to get your take on antidepressants and anti-anxiety medications here's the deal uh
anti-anxiety and antidepressant medication uh are number one like all pharmaceutical medication
they're poisons number two depression and anxiety are not pharmaceutical issues they're the
manifestation the psychological manifestation the brain manifestation of an activated stress
response the body basically feels like it's dying now when the body feels like it's dying there's
only two reasons that the body feels like it's dying number one because it thinks it's starving
to death and number two it thinks it's going to be eaten by a wild animal the human body doesn't
understand 21st century stresses because the human body is an evolutionary mechanism that has been
around for millions of years the irs and uh our dysfunctional families and the police state and
uh gluten intolerance these are all very recent phenomena to the human body so when we have a
stress that is induced by something psychological like something that's going on in this in the
society or a stress from prescription drugs or a stress from gluten to the body all it knows is
that it's either about to die because it's going to be eaten by a tiger or it's about to die because
it's starving to death so we call depression and we call anxiety or the psychological manifestations
of a body in crisis a body that feels like it's about to die because it's about to be eaten
or it's starving to death so what do you do how do you deal with these kinds of things well first
of all the most important thing to deal with anxiety and depression is to somehow send the
biochemistry the message that all is okay that your survival is not at stake and there's several
ways to do that one of the simplest and one of the easiest is to practice deep breathing techniques
deficiencies in oxygen will trigger this stress response that shows up as anxiety and depression
faster than almost anything because our need for oxygen is such that three minutes without oxygen
and we're dead so as soon as oxygen levels drop and carbon monoxide carbon dioxide levels go up
our body will initiate the stress response which will show up physiologically as hypertension
high blood pressure blood clotting a digestive distress immune suppression and will show up
psychologically mentally as depression and anxiety anybody who gets panic attacks or anxiety attacks
will tell you right before their anxiety attack they go into a a deep hyperventilation fast
breathing this hyperventilation and this fast breathing initiates the anxiety and initiates
the panic attack if you're dealing with anxiety and panic attacks don't take my word for it
right before you go into a panic attack you feel like one's coming on if you're dealing with
anxiety practice deep breathing techniques number one what you'll end up doing is you'll open up
your blood vessels number two you're going to thin your blood so you'll get more oxygen to tissues
and you'll get more nutrients to tissues and number three you'll drop your brainwave states
from the beta wave state which is a fast-moving state that's involved in problem solving and
distress and you'll drop it into the hypnagogic state slowly so-called alpha state this is all
done with something as simple as deep breathing you don't need a doctor for it you don't need a
drug for it you don't need a to interface with the medical model at all for it you don't need
insurance for it and it'll cost you zero the next uh second great strategy and we've been talking
about this on the bright side for helping with depression or helping with anxiety or helping to
tell the body that all is right in the world is to get yourself out in the sun to lay out in the sun
without a sunscreen without a sunblock i'm not telling you to burn burning is never a good thing
but if you don't if you're not going to burn in five or ten minutes get yourself out in the sun
number one the sun stimulates anabolic chemistry that is building chemistry that chemistry of
joy and happiness is also activated by the sun and on top of all of that when the sun hits your skin
you produce a hormone called serotonin which many many of you guys have heard of which is converted
into melatonin melatonin is a powerful relaxing substance and it's an anti-cancer substance and
it's an anti-aging substance and it's wonderful for dealing with anxiety or depression these are
two very simple strategies breathing and getting out in the sun that can allow you to access the
body's relaxation chemistry this uh anti-anxiety chemistry for free without having to go to the
doctor and without having to deal with an insurance program now the third very effective way to deal
with anxiety is to make sure that you're taking care of your nutritional needs and to make sure
you're eating less calories now these are two very important strategies that kind of
go hand in hand but remember this emergency response that the body has is number one to
prevent us from being eaten by a tiger and number two to help us deal with starvation and famine
nutritional deficiency tells the body that a famine is approaching when we don't get vitamin c
when we don't get vitamin e when we don't get enough essential fatty acids when we don't get
enough protein the body thinks it's dying the body thinks it's starving the body thinks a
famine is approaching and this too will initiate and activate the stress response which will show
up physiologically as weight gain blood clotting hypertension and will show up mentally and
psychologically as depression and anxiety so getting yourself on a nutritional supplement
program especially one that has concentrated nutrients that allow your body to access
the nutrients without having to deal with the digestive process can be a tremendous
help for folks dealing with anxiety so important that you'll notice results really quickly
especially in terms of the water soluble vitamins especially in terms of the b complex which are
water soluble vitamins that are processed out of most foods b complex by the way are
intimately connected with mental health a guy named dr abram hoffa wrote a book called
orthomolecular psychiatry many years ago we talked about using simple plain old niacin
vitamin b3 to treat schizophrenia we treat it very effectively deficiencies in b vitamins are
extremely common one of the main reasons is because we're getting so much processed food so
your third strategy in addition to deep breathing techniques and making sure that you're getting
a copious amounts of sunshine without a sunscreen and without burning your third strategy is to get
yourself on a nutritional supplement program one that features the b complex and one that features
liquid nutrition i hope i helped you there julie any other questions for you for me
okay all right one uh a couple people on hold that i want to get to but before we do that i
want to tell you about a wonderful nutritional supplement that's super for the digestive system
and what we don't really talk about is being important for digestive health and that's whey
protein whey protein is obviously an important building protein it's a component of milk it
contains fractions from the milk that are designed to build the baby's digestive tract remember the
baby is born human babies and mammal babies in general are born with premature digestive tract
and nature has a system designed to build the digestive tract via breast milk well the component
in breast milk that has the most building properties for the digestive tract is the
whey fraction and especially the whey protein fraction so whey protein is not only a body
builder's favorite food favorite supplement super source of building amino acids but it's also
critical for digestive health and digestive wellness now not only is it important for
helping build the digestive tract but there's also substances in whey protein that protect
the digestive tract especially against those lectins that we talked about in the last
in the last segment lectins are the sticky components on bacteria and sticky components
that are found in vegetables that can stick or adhere themselves to the digestive tract
whey protein has anti-lectin substances that can protect you from these uh these these lectin
components and vegetables they can be especially whey protein can be especially effective if you're
dealing with gluten intolerance the gluten reaction is a lectin reaction it's a sticky
attachment to the intestine there are ingredients and whey protein that can help dissolve that
lectin attachment not saying 100 percent of the time it's going to work but for a lot of folks
getting on a whey protein supplement can be a wonderful way to deal with gluten intolerance
issues as well as any other lectin issues and the neat thing about whey protein and one of my
favorite things about nutritional supplementation is unlike prescription drugs that perhaps give
you a little bit of purported benefit and a lot of side effects nutritional supplements give
you benefits and instead of side effects they give you side benefits so if you take your whey
protein for your digestive system you're going to find that you're building better muscle that
you're eating less food that you got a better immune system and you're supporting circulatory
system as circulatory system health as well that's one of the coolest things about getting
yourself on a nutritional supplement program is you get multiple benefits multiple health benefits
rather than side effects all right if you want to purchase any of the longevity products go
to info wars dot health you can also call one eight eight eight awards health dot com info
wars health dot com uh or you can call one eight eight eight seven eight nine nine two seven seven
all right we just got a couple more minutes to talk to you uh i'd love to hear from somebody
who's got some skin health issues so you can we can tell you how to deal with them and maybe you
can help other people who are listening let's see danny in tennessee what's going on all right then
ryan in colorado what's up ryan how you doing ben it's always a pleasure to listen to you have a way
of coming across your listeners is energetic and exciting and easy to understand thank um my
question is is i've got a i've got two people in my life that have issues one of which my girlfriend
has or had her colon removed back when back about 10 years ago and she's currently on beyond tangy
tangerine and things like that she has issues with sleep and stuff like that but uh how does
way affect her uh when you don't have a large intestine she doesn't have a large intestine
her colon well okay so i'm assuming you mean the large intestine they used to call the small
intestine the small colon so i'm assuming you mean the large intestine hang tight ryan we've
got to take a break okay hang tight and we'll get you when we come back for a break i'm pharmacist
ben fuchs sitting in for alex jones you're listening to the alex jones show if you want to
purchase any of the longevity products you hear us talk about on the program infowarshealth.com
or 1-888-789-9277 we're coming back right after this
so
hello i'm alex jones myself my family the infowars.com team want to relay to you and
your families that we are intensifying our efforts against the globalist on every front
infowars.com is leading the fight against the technocrats but we can't do that without your
help by getting the films bumper stickers and t-shirts at infowars.com you will wake up people
in your area and support our operation as we move to the next level we need your help to spread the
word like never before they wish to hide themselves during this tectonic battle between the forces of
freedom and darkness you are the response to the globalist technocrats and their program of global
eugenics dehumanization and ultimate extermination the war is here it's an infowar the spirit of 1776
versus the mindset of 1984 don't throw away leftovers instead throw all your leftovers
vegetable peels eggshells coffee grounds pizza crust and more into the bokashi if you love to
garden and compost but don't like the hassle of turning a compost bin or the smell then check out
the em bokashi food waste recycling system from tereganics finally a way to recycle all your food
and plant waste safely and effectively and stop using fertilizers the em bokashi food waste
recycling system rather than decomposition the bokashi system uses fermentation to break down
waste so it takes less time to create nutrient-dense humus for crops or gardens with no turning and no
obnoxious odors to learn more and order your bokashi online visit tereganics.com and click
on the orange button that's tereganics.com spelled t-e-r-a-g-a-n-i-x.com or call 866-369-3678 that's
866-369-3678 recycle all your food wastes in about six weeks with the bokashi food waste recycling
system from tereganics.com tereganics life's getting better american gardeners and fellow
patriots make the right choice with your money time and your family food supply choose 100 pure
heirloom seeds in the survival seed vault from mypatriotsupply.com why spend more the survival
seed vault from mypatriotsupply.com is only 37.95 it includes 20 varieties of pure hardy easy to grow
heirloom seeds yes only 37.95 that's 70 percent less than our competitors you could buy three
survival seed vaults for less than one of theirs the survival seed vault from mypatriotsupply.com
includes detailed planting and seed saving instructions and shipped same day plus all orders
over 49 dollars ship free mypatriotsupply.com is american owned by patriots like you passionate
about freedom and preparedness call now 866-229-0927 that's 866-229-0927 or discover more emergency
preparedness items when you order at mypatriotsupply.com choose the original choose the survival seed
vault at mypatriotsupply.com
welcome back to the alex jones show i am pharmacist ben sitting in for the next few minutes for alex jones
uh let's see fast food linked to asthma risk also from science news i love this magazine fast food
linked to asthma risk surprise surprise a diet high in fast food seems to increase the risk of
asthma this is the deal friends asthma is another manifestation of the stress response run amok and
fast food tells the body an emergency has occurred inside inside an emergency is occurring inside the
body and by the way when we eat any food we activate something called the postprandial
immune system uh postprandial means post eating that means any food that means a good food if we
just a salad we will activate our body's immune system let alone if we start to ingest fast food
toxic food processed food food that's filled with excitotoxins and preservatives this idea
of watching what you eat is so fundamentally important and also eating less food practicing
something called intermittent fasting every single study that's been done on longevity
has shown that reducing your calories increases your longevity caloric restriction with adequate
nutrition is the most powerful longevity inducing strategy lifestyle strategy you could ever use
all right uh real quick ryan in colorado uh your friend doesn't have a colon and you're uh i'm
assuming large intestine and you're wondering about whey protein correct yeah well you were
just talking about whey protein i was thinking about that that was exactly why i called in
like if you could just touch on that real quick well you're not going to have to worry about it
too much without a large intestine whey protein the amino acids and whey protein are absorbed
very effectively i might add in the small intestine so she should be okay in that regard
the most important thing to recognize about whey protein in my opinion is it is a tremendously
usable source of protein and non-protein factors that help our immune system and help the body grow
so that not only are you getting amino acids not only are you getting the building substances but
you're also getting substances like lactoferrin and lact albumin and immune boosting factors
that are designed to support the immune system and prevent you from getting cancer and degenerative
disease that's one of the neatest things about whey protein and it's one of the important
distinguishing features of whey protein that you don't get in other sources of protein as
good as they may be hemp seed protein for example is a wonderful way to get your protein
but it doesn't have these building factors like the lactoferrin and the albumins that are found
in whey protein all right well we got a couple of a couple of minutes uh tim in georgia what's
going on buddy do we have tim tim in georgia yes sir hello hey tim what's up buddy yeah i was
actually calling in earlier to talk to alice about the way the veterans were being targeted
by the ba you got about a minute let's hear what you have to say please go over to what you're
talking about here i was uh diagnosed with chronic panic disorder from the navy and it turns out i
was also diagnosed at the same time with emphysema and uh like it's kind of like a breathing deal
over it feeds off one another and uh what was the first thing you said tim tim i didn't hear
tim tim i didn't hear what the first thing you said chronic pain disorder chronic panic disorder
oh chronic pat yes they do they go together this is exactly what i'm telling you when the body is
deprived of oxygen it thinks it's about to die so copd and emphysema and breathing problems will
initiate panic attacks and anxiety attacks faster than almost anything else so the two go together
number one force yourself if you have a uh do you have a muscle injury of some kind
you know that's the music my friend tim that's the music uh shoot me an email ben at ksco.com
and i'll be glad to answer your question via email ben at ksco.com i'm sorry that's all the time we
have for today thank you alex thank you all you guys thank you everybody at the uh infowars studio
if you want to learn more about the longevity products go to infowarshealth.com you can also
call 1-888-789-9277 listen to me on the bright side every day on the genesis communication
network hni pacific uh and also facebook me pharmacist ben or ben fuchs on facebook i'd
love to be friends with you guys thank you everybody we'll talk to y'all later bye for now
thank you for listening to gcn visit gcnlive.com today
