Thank you for listening to GCN. Visit GCNlive.com today.
Big brother,
mainstream media,
government cover-ups. You want answers?
Well, so does he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas,
Alex Jones.
Ladies and gentlemen, it is Wednesday, the 24th day of April 2013. I am your host, Alex Jones,
and we are going to attempt to cover all of this vital and important breaking news today here in
the next three hours. Lindsey Williams hadn't been on in about six months, and he said two years ago
that the real crisis would flare up in Asia before they moved the fleet. I wanted to get an update
from him on what's happening in the world. He'll be on in the third hour. I know that is exciting
for some and horrifying for others, but Lindsey's always interesting and informative, and he'll be
joining us. Also, Dan Budandi, m4wars.com, East Coast reporter, privately and now publicly known
as the Kraken. I said Monday, John Brown walks up and says, do we release the Kraken? That's our
nickname for him. And I said, yes, release the Kraken. That was at like 3 o'clock, right after
the bombing happened, because he's in Rhode Island, right outside Boston. So that is very
interesting. And look right here. If you're a TV viewer, Adan Salazar is doing an article on this
right now for m4wars.com. We all saw this on the high def television. We all saw this on the high
def television, and these are screenshots off that. We're gonna grab the actual video that two
bald headed men came over during the last press conference and got in his face and told him that
he better watch it and other things that were threatening. And Budandi said, I know the
government's a bunch of murderers and you'll be brought to justice. I'm not afraid of you and
pointed his finger back at him. Plus, they didn't know what to do. He had a bald head as well.
It's like, you've got bald heads? I've got a big bald head. In fact, it's three times the size of
teleservoluses. And what are you gonna do? There's few people have bigger heads than even me.
And Dan Budandi is definitely, no, I mean that lovingly. I mean, I got a big head too.
But Budandi, it kind of freaked out the Secret Service cuz his head was bigger than theirs.
And I mean, they bugged their eyes out, they got in his face, but here's the deal.
Viewers pointed out that this is Obama's personal top Secret Service guys always seen with him.
And sure enough, we have these Secret Service guys with Obama, document can please. We have them with
Obama, and it's definitely the same guy. Absolutely, chrome dome and all right there. So this Obama
sent the Secret Service to try to stop Dan Budandi, and of course, it failed.
It of course completely and totally failed because Dan Budandi's bald head is bigger than theirs.
Again, that's what it comes, look at the size of the head, it's got its own weather systems.
All right, I'm sorry. I promise to be in a good mood today cuz I was basically in a controlled
rage all yesterday. That is not an act, by the way. And I have decided to be more friendly,
and I've decided to be nicer, and I've decided to be nice.
By the way, Jakari Jackson is in the control room right now, he ran over here. Are you jealous that
Dan Budandi has a bigger bald head than you, Jakari? Put him on air. Are you a little bit
jealous right now? I'm not jealous that Dan Budandi has a, actually, I think my head is
bigger than Dan's. Packed, that's ridiculous, preposterous. His is more bald cuz Dan shaves
with razors, I shave with clippers. You know what, I bet next time he's in town, we will have
a contest on air. We will make $500 prize, we will measure circumferences of the cranium.
If you wanna give a $500 prize with the biggest head?
Yes. Let's just do this right now, who has the biggest head?
No, no, you and Budandi. My head's bigger than yours, buddy. What are you talking,
I got a bigger pumpkin than you. Yeah, yeah. All right, Jakari.
That's not why I came over here, I had some other business.
You're a little bit jealous right now, look, it's all right.
Okay. It's all right, okay? All right, I understand.
All right, by the way, the AP and others are trying to imply that I'm basically involved
with the bombers now. Well, so we're gonna cover it all, they had to blame the Tea Party
one way or the other. Pull the right back. A little over a year ago, I began to do a
lot of research into why, even if I had a pretty good sized meal, that I was still starving.
And my research led me to a well-known fact that most of the soils that we grow our crops
on here in the United States and across the industrialized world are almost completely
depleted of almost all of the key minerals and trace elements that our bodies need to
rebuild themselves, fight off cancer and be healthy. I then searched out the best
vitamin and mineral company out there and discovered Young Jevity. The Young Jevity products
are designed to give you the real nutrition you need. And once you've got that, you don't
have to eat as much to be satisfied. I've lost 37 pounds in two months, simply getting
the vitamins and minerals I need. Check it out for yourself. It's incredible. Go to info wars
team.com today and order your first canister of Beyond Tangy Tangerine, complete multivitamin
mineral complex dietary supplement. That's info wars team.com. With health threats on
the rise, such as West Nile virus, MRSA, CRE, and now the new bird flu recently discovered
in China, there has never been a more crucial time to support your immune system. Supernatural
Silver is a revolutionary new silver solution that is clinically shown to be several hundred
times more effective than colloidal or ionic silver and is powerful enough to help protect
you and your family. Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, highly effective,
and perfect for everyday use inside the body as well as out. The Science Digest Journal says
silver is our mightiest germ fighter. It is virtually non-toxic and is emerging as a wonder
of modern medicine. Supernatural Silver is the number one choice of thousands for improved
health and immune system support. To find out how Supernatural Silver can change your life,
go to SupernaturalSilver.com and use the promo code Spring2013 for 20% off and like us on
Facebook. You may be arrested and or subject to other police action. Tyranny is here. The grim
future foretold in 1984 has become reality. It really says that the state is God. The United
States is now recognized globally as one of the most oppressive police states on earth.
This film conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps now being expanded
nationwide. This documentary exposes how the continuity of government program has established
an all-powerful shadow state. Police state 4 chronicles the sickening depths to which our
republic has fallen. Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship,
body scammers, sound cameras, citizen spies, stage terror, and cameras on every street corner.
It's only the beginning of the New World Order's hellish plan. The police state isn't coming. It's
here. Secure your copy today at Infowars.com or see it online in the highest quality at
PrisonPlanet.tv. Crashing through the lies and disinformation, it's Alex Jones on the GCN
radio network.
All right, ladies and gentlemen, it is Wednesday, the 24th day. Wednesday, the 24th day of April
2013. I am your host, Alex Jones, and we are going to be live here, Lord willing,
for the next three hours. Okay, folks, where to start here? A lot of developments in the whole
Boston bombing situation, pointing towards more government involvement at multifaceted
levels, as I was just saying. We also have big economic developments. We have big developments
in the Ryerson case. I'm on record saying they'd probably go through two or three
different patsies. That's what they tend to do whenever they've actually launched the anthrax
or Ryerson attack themselves. And with Ryerson case crumbling, FBI targets new man.
And then maybe the third or fourth patsy will be killed in police custody
after confessing, of course, if they follow the standard stuff that they tend to do.
And again, I predicted there'd be some type of bio attack on the day of the bombing,
not this Monday, but last Monday, what, nine days ago. If indeed it was a staged event,
I said we would see that. We had on the show that day, actor and writer and researcher
on the broadcast. And I was talking to the author, Richard Belzer, about the fact that
if there's a drill at the same time of a bombing, and if they run a bio attack now against Congress,
and if they have got a bunch of legislation they try to ram through, which they've now done,
that puts it into the quadrant of a staged event.
Plus, almost every event has been at least provocateur'd, and that's on record.
They just hope that they call that a conspiracy theory and you don't read
the New York Times admitting it or the Washington Post,
where they've come out and admitted that the FBI foils its own terror plots, but usually
stops them before they go through. In the case of the World Trade Center bombing in 1993,
it's on record. AP, New York Times, federal courts, why they had to admit it,
because their own intelligence officer, Ahmad Salam, said you're setting us up.
You're a real bomb, real detonators. Now you're gonna let the bombing go forward?
I'm not gonna be part of killing people. And they said, well, you're gonna go to jail then.
So then he freaked out and clandestinely recorded them days before the bombing and
after the bombing. And then he did a press conference and announced it and that's why
he got paid off 1.4 million to go back to Egypt and shut up instead of being given cement shoes.
And remember that Saudi Arabian that was missing that fit one of the
descriptions of the people there at the scene? He's been found in the river,
which I again said, I think you'll start finding some of these people in the river.
The question is, was he in the river beforehand? There was a local
Muslim leader saying the government was involved in provocateering terror in Austin.
And he bound his arms and legs, slit his wrist and his guts open. He'd clearly been tortured
and threw himself off the Congress bridge. And the police immediately said it was a suicide.
I wonder if they would have tied up Breitbart and then slit his wrist and tortured him and then
thrown him in a river. Maybe put him in a steel cage. Well, he put himself in a cage and had a
crane lower him into the river like Houdini, but he didn't get out. So we know there was a drill,
they've been caught doing that and they're desperately covering up and now we have this.
Senator Chambliss, this is WSBTV and you would never hear about this if it wasn't
up on drudgereport.com. You just would never see this local news. Law enforcement agency
may have had info about Boston bombing in advance. And that's why they hate infowars.com and
worldnetdaily.com and drudgereport.com and a few other real independent sites is because we'll just
point at a local news story that was meant to be compartmentalized and never picked up nationally.
We'll go, hey, they went all over Boston and aimed guns at people and made them come out of their
houses and rough people up. This is unprecedented. You're supposed to only see it live on TV with
them saying this is a great idea. Not to hear people either just present it raw or say,
is this a good idea? You're told it is a good idea. So see, they don't have a monopoly.
That's what the White House said two weeks ago. They don't like Drudge Report. They don't like
what Drudge Report links to media matters run by the White House pulling its hair out on a daily
basis now. Saying how dare drudgereport.com link to infowars.com. That is the White House
pulling their hair out angry. And by the way, we have proof, ladies and gentlemen,
that the White House may copy Rush Limbaugh here. I always liked that even as a teenager,
I love that. I always wanted to, the reason I wanted to get a talk radio so I could go.
But I'm serious. Here I am, ladies. Well, I always liked that because it's that thing.
I get a little bit more. See, I can't actually do it first. I'll just do it more than one block.
There you go. Is that impressive? I could be like an Olympic paper shaker, just like.
Okay. Well, they got rid of stuff like wrestling that's originally in the
Greek Roman wrestling. The first thing they did at the Olympic Games. So yeah, synchronized
swimming and curling. So we can bring back in paper popping, paper crinkling. Look at that.
That's what made him world famous. Seven time gold winner, Alex Jones, unseating the former
champion wrestling bar. Here he is going for a record paper crinkle. Ladies and gentlemen,
the judges, the judges are stopped. No one has ever seen anything like this. No one. Look at
that. Look at the style, the grace, the different angulations, everything he's doing. No one has
ever had skills of this level. No one. Oh my God. Oh, wait, wait. He's stopping now. The judges.
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10. It's unanimous. Alex Jones for his eighth and world record gold
medal paper crinkling. All right. I've decided to be in a good mood today. Ladies and gentlemen,
Adan Salazar is doing an article on this right now. It'll be out in the next hour.
Let me just recap the evidence before I get to this. We know there's a drill. They got caught
lying about that. Now senators come out and said, cuz he has access to the intelligence.
Oh, it looks like they knew and did nothing. Yeah, it came out at the time they had been
loud and targeted at least five times and refused to let drones killing.
Okay, and I've interviewed the people that were running one of the major operations,
Stratus Ivy. And of course, that's Lieutenant Colonel Schaefer. We need to get him back on.
That's on record. And it's the same thing. And again, a false flag does not mean that
people can't be involved, that there can't be Muslim extremists. The point is, most of the
time, that's what it is. You find people, you wind them up, and then you provocateur them and
basically command them as the imam, who's really an FBI asset, to carry this out.
And then, we're gonna meet you and fly out of the country, it's gonna be great.
Or they're part of a drill and you set them up, we don't know. And now they've got a guy who
got out of the boat, didn't look like he was bleeding. There was some blood on the boat
where he reportedly climbed in. And then five minutes later, he's been shot in the neck
and bleeding everywhere, and they have to do a tracheotomy basically on it.
And then now, even though he can't talk, he reportedly admits he did it. Well, you gotta
love how that kind of justice works. No judge, no jury, no nothing. He's in there in a hospital,
God only knows what's going on. None of the story matches, none of it fits.
But none of it matches, none of it fits.
It's got all the classic telltale signs of a staged event. And they're power grabbing
with all this legislation and police state, and now saying you're gonna have to all have
anti-terror insurance. The insurance companies run this country. Gotta have government health
insurance, gotta have a bit of terrorism insurance. I mean, this is indigenous servitude,
this is slavery. This is the takeover of society.
You've got all this and now you've got the senator coming out saying, well, he saw the intelligence
that agencies knew about this and did not warn people or stop it. Really? WSB TV, we have that
video report coming up. So you've got all this going on. And then you've got these photos here
off the high def video screen of your TV watcher at info wars.com. Listen, you can see this right
now. And I remember seeing the bald headed guys come over to him, Dan Badandi in the press
conference. He thought they were Secret Service or FBI, that's what he said on air.
We had him on that day when he took over the three press conferences. By taking it over,
just bringing up real questions. Why was there a drill? Why are you covering up the drill? And
is this a false flag? I mean, governments have been caught false flagging over and over again.
You've got to ask that. They are is now confirmed. It's the same guy. We've even got photos of him
with the president in the same tie. It was the Secret Service of the president who's trying to
get law enforcement authority across the country. Outside their jurisdiction of counterfeiting and
protecting puss ball, I mean, POTUS, poop ball, Puss Tupulate or whatever the name is.
I'm trying to remember the proper name. It's POTUS, that's right. But here it is,
ladies and gentlemen. Here it is, ladies and gentlemen. There he is right there.
And bugging his eyes out of Badandi, who's right there. And this other Secret Service agent.
And they basically were threatening. I mean, look at this look, just the craven.
You're not gonna ask questions. That is so much evidence of a cover up. And Badandi said,
you don't scare me. This government's criminal. We know you did it. That's what he reportedly
said to him. And look, the look of craven powers, he's not scaring Badandi, goes out of his face
real fast. And there he is with POTUS, POTUS. There he is with POTUS.
What does POTUS stand for?
Puss Orb. How do you spell out POTUS? It doesn't matter, we'll figure. P-O-O-O-T-S.
Anyways, phony occupying office of presidency. Okay, of the United States, there you go. Here,
go back to this. There is POTUS with the Secret Service guy, again,
acting all powerful and manly. Because that's what it's all about, acting manly all the time,
acting powerful. And there's Michelle right there leading everyone.
For more emergency preparedness items,
when you order at mypatriotsupply.com, choose the original,
choose the survival seed vault at mypatriotsupply.com.
hempusa.org has a revolutionary wonder food for detoxing the body and rebuilding the immune system.
Micro plant powder can help unclog arteries and soften heart valves while removing heavy metals,
virus, fungus, bacteria, and parasites. Plus it cleans and purifies the blood, lungs,
stomach, and colon. Keep your body clean with micro plant powder. Order today at 888-910-4367
or visit hempusa.org. Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered why banks, stockbrokers,
investment advisors won't talk about gold IRAs? They've been available since 1986, yet the
financial industry won't recognize the value of gold for your retirement. Gold has outperformed
paper investments, yet no word about IRAs. If you would like to have gold for your retirement,
call 800-686-2237. Don't get left behind by rising inflation and low returns. Call 800-686-2237.
Secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237. In the last two years alone, the U.S. has seen
huge losses to our food supply. In 2011, storms and floods raged across the U.S.,
costing us $20 billion in lost crops alone. In 2012, we saw the largest drought in the country
in more than 50 years. You may think out of sight, out of mind. And so you don't think you
will be affected. The fact is, you are. We all are. Food shortages drive prices up for everyone.
You might not be able to control Mother Nature, but you can control your food prices by freezing
the cost and availability of your food supply with e Foods Direct. Be prepared before you need it
with nutrient-dense food you can store for up to 25 years. You can hope for the best,
but hope won't feed you. Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best,
durable foods out there from e Foods Direct. Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at
efoodsdirect.com. And check out their spring specials. Again, that number is 800-409-5633
or on the web at efoodsdirect.com. You can bet your life on e Foods Direct.
It's time for a home security quiz. What effective home security device is smaller
than a coffee cup fakes out burglars into thinking someone is home at your house while you're away,
plugs into any wall outlet, is recommended by many police departments, and sells for less than $30?
Yes, it's fake TV. This year, about one in every 50 U.S. homes will have a break-in with burglars
usually picking the easy target, a dark house that looks like no one is home. Fake TV is a small
electronic security device that makes it look like someone is home watching TV by simulating
the light from a real TV. Fake TV could be the difference between coming home to a secure house
or one that's been ransacked. To get your fake TV for only $29.95 with free shipping,
go to faketv.com or call 1-877-5FAKETV. That's 877-532-5388. Or go to faketv.com.
Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
All right, folks, Alex Jones here back live. Thank you for joining us.
You know, I tend to, when things get really stressful,
go into kind of an automatic defense mechanism of making it all a big joke.
I think that's a natural thing that people do, kind of a gallows humor. It actually freaks me
out really bad that in America, and we're gonna get Damodani back on the bottom of the next hour.
He talked about it last week on Wednesday and Thursday and Friday when he took over
the three press conferences with real questions. And the rest of the compliant lapdog media
just didn't look into the drill that's on record happening.
Didn't look into prior knowledge, didn't look into stand down, now being confirmed. Didn't look into
these guys having multiple aliases and allowed to travel to areas where the West is funding
terrorists. They reportedly were radicalized by people on State Department CIA payroll.
Just like Al-Qaeda runs Libya and Syria, the takeover. We've now got to give our rights up
and get terrorism insurance they're calling for today. That's in CBS News. CNBC is also covering
it. We've got to do all this because more people on government welfare, government assistance,
government protected, it's all coming out. Just like the shooter at the Aurora situation,
always has government ties just all around them. Turned out the Unabomber was CIA,
was in MK Ultra, LA Times, federal court documents, came out in his defense.
I mean, can there just be one bomber who isn't CIA?
But see, I am cursed with being informed. It is, because I have to sit here and be attacked.
But I haven't even gotten to this yet. I mean, most talk show hosts would open their show with
it. And it's just so bizarre, I don't know what to say. Now that I had time to think about it,
because BuzzFeed's always calling here and emailing and asking and asking.
And so I said, okay, I'll talk to them. And they took out of context what I said.
Because they call up and they go, the Associated Press is reporting that he was in Infowars,
an Alex Jones listener. And I said, okay, and I pulled up AP, and I said, okay, I'll talk to them.
Cuz I wanted to get a statement out. And I said, look, there is a slight chance they could have
been listeners, because so many people are listeners. And instead, they edited it to sound
like I'm an egomaniac, or everybody's a listener. I was simply saying, okay, there is a chance,
I can't say there isn't a chance, cuz we do have a wide listenership.
And plus the aunt's a listener, and she says some of the other family is. But I said,
the fact that this guy you're just talking to over in Dagestan and others are saying,
Alex Jones. I said, I've seen this time and time again when it turns out to not be true.
And I mean, they got some of the quotes in there. The best article put out was by BuzzFeed.
Others totally clipped it, where it was like, bombers influenced by Alex Jones.
They did it for Alex Jones. There's gotta be 50 articles out. I don't even have time to look
at them all. I mean, look at some of these headlines here. Gawker, accused marathon
bomber influenced by Infowars. Bomber influenced by Infowars by Alex Jones.
Here's another one. Tammerlin believed in basically every conspiracy theory by Alex Jones.
The AP headline is bomb suspect influenced by mysterious radical. And then Infowars is in here.
It's like, who's the radical? Matt Drudge tweets kind words for Alex Jones,
one hell of a broadcast in such homogenized media. And then they try to go, look, he's supporting the
guy that supports the terrorist. I mean, it's just no end to it, ladies and gentlemen.
And I told you, and you all saw it, every show on CNN, MSNBC, CNBC, you name it,
it's gonna be a white guy. It's gonna be a tea party or it's gonna be a gun owner.
And they said, ladies and gentlemen, an arrest has been made. Axelrod, who said big news tomorrow,
White House, they're planting the media, they're surrogate. They're sheep-dipped minions out of the
White House directly into the so-called media. I mean, half the pundits now on CNN or former
White House, same thing on MSNBC or maybe more than half. And what do they come out and say?
Oh, they made the arrest, you right-wingers are gonna get it. Oh, you get it. You did it.
And oh, right-wingers are probably mailing riots to pro-gun people. Yeah, right, and then,
oh, the White House has got something suspicious as well, to act like they didn't do it,
to act like they weren't involved. Yeah, there it is, Alex Jones, Infowars founder,
comments on Boston bomber visiting his website. So that's the new guilt.
Maybe go look at their hard drive. They were visited Huffington Post. Well, it's their fault.
They were big Obama supporters reportedly, big scene wearing, trendy kind of liberal type stuff.
It's all your fault, Obama. And again, why would they send the Secret Service? Why would they send
the Secret Service to the third press conference to go over on the feed before they went to the
press conference itself to come over and threaten Dan Badandi? And again, we actually have the
high-def video. Listeners pointed out these guys' Secret Service. They wouldn't identify themselves
to Badandi. They just threatened him. There's Dan Badandi, and there they are. Everybody saw it
coming over and getting in his face before and after. And you can see him pointing his finger
at him saying, I'm not scared of you as they got up in his space. So he ended up getting his,
and they did not want him handing out photos of quote, other suspects, which was the government
drill. That's why the FBI said, only look at our photos. We're on the march. The empire's on the
run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network. Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration
in one system, portable on the go. No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce
sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydro
fluorescent acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white
ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals,
all in one filter element. It is the only one that does it and out of the gates. We have it
discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce
or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid, the
most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate
get your pro pure with a new Pro One filters today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal Ben
soap company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These all natural
soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what you're using
now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs. This is an
amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you
feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system,
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power,
so even if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it
in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed. Getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is
also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a
stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you
wherever you go. You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your
property 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
We now take you live to the Central Texas Command Center in the heart of the resistance.
You are listening to the Alex Jones Show.
All right, folks, I'm going to open the phones up in the shower and the next ahead of Dan
Badandi popping in and then the always informative Lindsey Williams is going to be coming on
with us in the third hour, but I will open the phones up for him as well. I'll do the best job
I can. Here is the toll free number to join us, 800-259-9231. 800-259-9231 and we will get you
up and on the air. It's a free for all, whatever subject you want to raise, whatever you want to
bring up. But I'd like to get your take on the younger brother that's supposedly still alive,
admits to setting bombs with brother, says source of the Boston Globe.
Also admits he and his brother Tamerlan were behind killing of MIT officer.
So that's the new system in America where they arrest you, you're walking, they cut your larynx
out and then you're guilty and then they put that out in the news so you can't get a fair trial.
And then everybody chants USA, USA, USA is due process. What the USA is based on is
flushed directly down the toilet like the babies at the different abortuaries owned by
the Attorney General do. By the way, Kermit, not the frog, but the abortionist, they've dropped
most of the charges. The judge is inexplicably is dropping most accounts against him.
And even the Associated Press, not known for its accuracy or standing up for liberty had to say,
and really no reason, inexplicably. We're talking about nine month old babies just chopped up,
put in toilets and buckets to drown, blood all over the wall, all over the floor,
just a filthy stench pit. And it all came out as women would go there and get so physically hurt.
I mean, just imagine it. And the demonic ferret Kermit Gosnell,
unbelievable House of Horrors doctor charged with killing live fetuses with scissors.
You got the Planned Parenthood in Florida saying, well, no, I mean,
we should be able to get rid of kids even after they're born. And that's the Journal of
Bioethics came out last year and people didn't believe me when Paul Watson came out
and wrote an article linking to it. They thought it must not be real, but see,
just a year later, it's like, yeah, what is the big deal? Death panels are good, kill kids.
See how things change, but here's the toll free number 800-259-9231.
800-259-9231 and we will get you up and on the air.
Now, I want to go ahead here and plug some new things that are on the Infowarsstore.com site.
Not only do we have the best products up there at the lowest prices out there in many cases,
it also supports the broadcast and everything we're doing.
So I hope that you will go to the new Seed Center at Infowarsstore.com. There's books, t-shirts,
films, so many other items, the whole Health Ranger line of great organic products as well,
inner food. I mean, it really is a huge online high quality store, the Propure Water Filters.
But the new Seed Center has seven different brands at the lowest prices out there.
We either match the lowest price or we've been authorized in some cases to go below.
But this is the lowest price that we've been authorized. People can sometimes buy it and
sell it on eBay or something cheaper, secondhand. We have the lowest prices on every one of the,
this is a year of research. Cuz a year goes by quick and I've told Weldon, find out the best
companies, do the research, try them out, talk to people. And finally, a year later,
cuz my crew's really busy, we have the huge Seed Center, six or is it seven different companies.
Or is it seven different companies, and it's all up there, it's all up there.
The Family Survival Emergency Seed Bank, the Urban Survival Emergency Seed Bank,
the Deluxe Emergency Seed Bank, we've got the Seed Arc. We've got six, no, seven different,
it was six, not seven different companies out there. The lowest prices, all the different
choices to compare, one place, infowarsstore.com or call toll free. You get the Survival Seed Vault,
the Seed Arcs, and all non-GMO, non-hybrid heirlooms. So they have that old fashioned
thing of producing their own seeds in the fruit, in the vegetables, in the different plants.
So you can replant the next year. Someday that'll be a conspiracy theory. Mommy, I heard once there
were mommies. I heard once women breastfed. I heard once that plants had seeds and grew and
didn't come out of a biotech engineering company. I heard once that children could walk and play.
I heard once we live past 20. Of course, it won't even get to that. We'll be replaced with machines
and the whole merger with the cybernetic interface if they have their way, it's all public.
The end of humanity as we know it, if the global technocrats to the psychopaths on drooling power
trips have their way, things are not gonna go the way they think they are because we're checkmating
them right now, putting their whole agenda out. So when they try to implement it all,
people under mind control will still agree with it and go along with it no matter what happens.
But many people will not do that. Many people will go, wait, this was all true.
Wow, they're admitting that 20 is the new 30 and 30 is the new 50 or whatever. I saw those studies
out last week and they're admitting all the neurological disorders and dropping IQs and
exploding cancer and the bisphenol A and the hydrofluorosolic acid. Just 10 years ago,
I talk about this stuff designed to feminize men, hyper feminize women, reduce your fertility.
And they would attack all over the media. Hey, suckers, the bisphenol A is coming out of most
of the products now. They're passing laws overseas. Hey, suckers, countries are banning
the cross-species GMO everywhere. You see, cuz it came out Monsanto's own laboratory,
graffiterias won't have GMO, and the Queen of England won't have GMO.
And the royalty all over the world won't have it, and the communist Chinese leadership won't have
it. It's over, suckers. Go ahead, roll all your stuff out, okay? Just cuz you got a bunch of
lemmings that'll go along with you. Natural law says just cuz you've got 50 plus percent
begging to be slaves doesn't mean I get to be a slave just cuz you get people voting
to make me a slave. You got that, suckers? You're the suckers that signed on to evil.
You can go right back to Hades where you came from. Anyways, we've got the huge seed center,
and it'll probably be eight different brands by next week. But these are the best,
the most certified, highest quality, lowest prices, infowarsstore.com.
This is part of a big rebellion. You wanna fight the New World Order, don't fight with your wife,
don't fight with your husband. Get your kids off television, get them off GMO.
Take care of your neighbors. Forgive your enemies who aren't really evil. If somebody's just dumb
and weird, help them out. But if they're super evil, obviously, expose them and fight what
they're doing. But get rid of old petty grudges that don't matter. Go to the next level.
Plant seeds in your backyard. Drink filtered water. Give fruit and vegetables to your friends
and neighbors. Get them into planting seeds. Become human again. Get back to what happened
pre-technocracy, pre-1960s. Revolt against the matrix. Rediscover your humanity.
Just the act of gardening, as I've told you so many times, is so human, the agrarian instinct,
that it just activates all these other basic human instincts. That's why they don't
want you doing it. Again, oblivion even talks about that. This is the reality.
This is what we're dealing with. Everyone knows these universal truths.
What's the movie with Kurt Russell, Universal Soldier,
where he finally breaks his programming, gardening? And people make fun of that stuff.
Anybody who goes out and digs in the dirt knows what I'm talking about. Anybody that goes in
that way down, but Jean-Claude Van Damme had one by the same name.
It's a very similar name. It's something soldier. It's a pretty good movie, actually. Pretty good
for a B movie. I love Kurt Russell, man. I love him in The Thing. There's not many actors I want
to meet, and I've met a lot of them. It kind of spoils it. But I mean, I would love to meet
Kurt Russell. Actually, I had a chance to go to the premiere of one of the Grindhouse movies
and meet him, and I didn't do it. It's funny. People you really want to meet or talk to,
you don't want to. It's like I know where a lot of people hang out and go in Austin and stuff.
And if I find out some famous person that I met in Austin, I'm like,
if I find out some famous person eats at a restaurant,
it's just called Soldier 1998. There you go.
And then I almost won't go there because I don't want to run into him.
And it's kind of like Drudge, because I really admire Drudge, all he's done, trailblazing,
having the courage to really expose the New World Order more and more. The first to expose
Bilderberg. I mean, just six, seven years ago, they said Bilderberg still didn't exist in America.
And Drudge started posting links about it and broke the blockade.
I mean, that's a big deal, and he has courage. So I admire that. And then Drudge tweeted yesterday
saying, I've told friends privately, cuz I've been told this by some famous people that have
talked to Drudge. They go, Drudge really likes you and says, you're gonna end up being just
incredibly effective and famous and all this. He's a smart guy. I guess you can see trends.
And I've been told that by a few people. I won't say their names even though they
didn't say it was off record. And then sure enough, he sends a tweet out saying,
privately told friends would be year of Alex Jones. Never met or talked to the man,
but one hell of a broadcast in such a homogenized media.
And again, I know I could get a hold of Drudge. He knows he could get a hold of me,
cuz I've actually talked to some of his crew before. I'll just leave it at that.
And we just, neither one ever tried to talk to the other one. Because I understand,
it's almost like it's just you don't wanna ruin it, you know what I mean? But if Drudge ever
comes through Austin, we'll take him out shooting and for barbecue. I think that's probably the
best thing. So you're invited to come to Texas. If you're ever driving through on one of your
road trips in your Corvettes and wanna go out shooting and barbecue, you're invited.
But no need to break the silence. It's the opposite with me up here, gibbering,
streaming consciousness. And then it's just different. I mean, it's the same thing. I know
people that are neighbors to Robert Plant. I know his driver. I know where he goes and watches the
team he owns, the soccer team. And I have a friend who's become kind of friends with him,
because they're soccer fans. And I just would never, if I saw Robert Plant at a restaurant,
I don't think I'd go up and talk to him. And again, it's not that I'm even intimidated by
Robert Plant. It's just that I like his voice and his music so much over the years growing up with
it, that it's almost like I'm not meant to talk to him. I don't know how to explain that.
See, I'm now digressing. We got all these loaded phones. I said I'd go to your phone calls. I'm
so neurotic, I can't seem to do it. Let me just say this separately. I'm on quite an adventure
here. I know I'm real. And I know that we're having a big effect and really changing history
right now. And having the White House attack us and go after us and dirty tricks and things I
won't even get into on air. I know how real this is. And I see people conditioned to go along with
it. But we do appreciate your support, spreading the word, cuz we're gonna risk our lives and
treasure and names in this. Might as well try to beat the globalists. Might as well go all the way.
I mean, I don't wanna fail at this. And I know we can win. It's that idea that we can't win
against evil is why evil wins. Every time people figure out they don't have a choice and have to
fight back, they end up defeating evil. Cuz evil falls in and of itself. That's why it tries to
sell evil to make you evil, show that you're weak, so that you don't resist evil. But when you've
got the Secret Service and the report's going up in the next 20 minutes at infowars.com,
and we're gonna find the videos of the third press conference and show those so you can match them
up to this. I mean, they're all over the place online. We'll do a report on nightly news about
this as well. To have the Secret Service come over and threaten Badandi and tell him that he
better not ask questions and that he better watch it and stuff and get in his space and have him
stand up to him. And tell him that he's not afraid and that he's doing the right thing and he knows
about the drill. And to now have the drill come out and to have a member of the US Senate saying
that law enforcement agency may have had info about the bombing and in advance and let it
happen. Senator Chambliss from Georgia, Saxby Chambliss is saying that. Well, that isn't a
Southern gentry name, I don't know what is. And a New Hampshire lawmaker says Boston bombing was
a government job and then it's because of me. Now, a lawmaker in New Hampshire, I'm gonna try
to get her on. The social media ramblings of a woman who read about conspiracy theory on
infowars wouldn't usually be newsworthy, but it's the case. The woman is a lawmaker in New Hampshire
state legislature who thinks the government is responsible for the Boston bombings.
Three-term Republican representative, Stella Termblay, I believe you pronounce it,
first made her case in a scare quotes, saturating Facebook post on Friday,
writing to Glenn Beck, she said, just as you said what happened, top down, bottom up.
The Boston Marathon was a black ops terrorist attack. One suspect killed, the other one,
maybe two before they even have a chance to speak. Notice they cut out his throat,
so that happened. He's walking out of the boat and then,
and drones are now terrorist attacks by our own government. Sad day, but wake up to all of us.
First there was a suspect, then there wasn't. Infowars broke the story and they knew
they had been found out. And then the New York magazine demonizes and attacks that.
And again, they're all over the news. The Tamerlan linked Infowars conspiracy
terrorist Alex Jones, alleged Boston bomber was Alex Jones' conspiracy fan, on and on and on.
All because the media, the Associated Press, who said there were WMDs in Iraq and
said that there weren't bullets, but then there were bullets. And the Associated Press caught
pushing propaganda a million times. Now just talks to somebody from overseas and well,
yeah, and I think he visited infowars.com. Well, it's my fault. See, I told you they
wanted to blame the Tea Party one way or another. One way or another, who has that song?
One way or another, I'm gonna get you, get you, get you, get you.
I know who that is, it's gonna pop my head in just a minute.
It doesn't matter, you just type it into the search engine and it'll tell you. I mean,
one way or another, they wanna throw it back on us. See, I'm saying they have a history of this,
they're the number one suspects, and then there's a drill. And the senator says it looks like they
knew it didn't stop it. Duh, but see, I'm wrong because I'm dangerous, because I'm right.
Blondie, thank you, that's what I thought. So this is the type of stuff we're talking about.
So yes, I'm in danger of being demonized, attacked, shut up, you name it. I'm in danger.
Attacked, shut up, you name it. I'm now getting, I'm not gonna even get into it. The point is,
is that this is real. And if they have a history of it, how do they say it's crazy to go, hey,
we should look at who's been caught doing golf, the Tonkin, Ajax, Northwoods.
The government cooked the bomb, trained the drivers, gave them the detonators, let them do
it. World Trade Center attack 1993. Shut up, that's your opinion. No, it's not, it came out
in federal court, it's admitted. I mean, it just comes out the 77 bombing mastermind was an MI6
agent. And the media spins it and goes, he must have been a double agent. And our government's
funding Al-Qaeda in Libya and Syria. There's the New York Times terrorist plots hatched by the FBI,
April 28, 2012. Goes on to say most plots were completely created,
manufactured, and authorized, and funded, and run, and commanded, commanded.
By the New World Order, global shadowy corporations manipulating our governments.
And of course, they run the radical Muslims. And of course, they run the police state here.
They put radical Muslims in to undermine secular Muslim governments,
so they never get a civilization. That's part of the public plan,
clash of civilizations, strategy of tension. And over here, they use the Muslim threat.
In every case, the terrorists are on government welfare, they're protected, the government knows,
they attack us. And the government says, hey, Alex, you're gonna have to buy any
terrorism insurance now. We're gonna put you on a no fly list. We're gonna stick our hands
down your pants. We're gonna read your email, because you're all suspects now.
You know what government? You're the suspect. You're the captured government.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system,
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power. So even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable. So you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit or shed. Getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install
yourself in under 20 minutes. So there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
Is this the year you finally get serious about your family's drinking water?
If so, keep listening for a special offer from Big Berkey Water Filters.
Did you know that over 60% of municipal water is fluoridated?
Berkey Water Filters distinguish themselves from many other filtration systems with the capability
to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine, fluoride, arsenic, and disinfection byproducts
from municipal water via the Black Berkey and PF line of filters. Then there's affordability.
At only 1.7 cents per gallon, Berkey Water Filters purify treated and untreated water,
even stagnant pond water. Stop and think how much money you could save by simply reducing
buying bottled water and using water filtered by your Berkey Water Filter.
No need to be constantly replacing expensive filters with a Berkey.
A single set of filters can last for five to 10 years.
Choose the best size Berkey for your needs at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
And right now, all GCN listeners get 5% off all ceramic filter systems.
Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY. That's 877-99-BER-KEY or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
Free shipping on every order over $50. Big Berkey Water Filters, for the love of clean water.
So, a natural disaster strikes and out goes your power.
You risk losing stored food in electric freezers and refrigerators.
Your options, lose all that expensive food and medication, fire up a noisy
gasoline powered generator, or switch now to a propane or natural gas powered refrigerator
from Ben's Discount Supply. Ben's Discount Supply.com has a complete line of propane
powered refrigerators, freezers in sizes ranging from a small camper cooler size
up to a whopping 21 cubic foot refrigerator freezer or a 22 cubic foot deep freezer,
in stock and ready to ship anywhere.
Ben's Discount Supply.com also stocks a full line of solar powered appliances
to get you completely off the grid.
Check out Ben's Discount Supply.com or call 800-771-7702. That's 800-771-7702.
Or click Ben's Discount Supply.com for camping home or bug out location. Bank on Ben's Discount Supply.com.
Ladies and gentlemen, the Russian mainstream media is now leaking why the Russians called
for an FBI investigation of Tamerlan, Zarnov or Zarnoz or however you pronounce it.
They are now coming out, ladies and gentlemen, document cam please.
This is in the main line Russian news and been picked up all across Russia.
Tamerlan recruited via the Georgetown Foundation,
foreign Jamestown, US nonprofit, the board of directors of NGOs previously entered one
of the ideologists of US foreign policy, Zbigniew Brzezinski, who calls for using terror states
up against Russia, was engaged in recruiting residents of North Caucasus to work in the
interest of the United States and Georgia. And that's why he had a alias that's confirmed.
That's why the family said it must be a setup, because the family are pretty,
some are some heavy hitter lawyers and people working for oil companies.
And this is huge, because Kurt Nemo wrote an article on Saturday,
predicting it would even listed the Jamestown group, because that's the group they use.
And if this is confirmed, and the Russians are saying it is,
and of course he had aliases and things, this is a smoking gun of information. So all you've got to
do is put Tamerlan recruited via the Georgian Foundation, and it'll come up for you on the
search engine. I said I'd go to calls, and I will, this is big breaking news.
Ask Kurt Nemo to print me his Saturday article, and there it is.
Tamerlan Zarnov recruited via the Georgian Foundation, and Georgia, of course, has been
the main hotspot to train Muslim terrorists to attack the Russian held areas. And again,
I'm no fan of Vladimir Putin or what they're doing, that's other tyranny.
But the West, the bankers, are funding radical Islam in Chechnya, in Dagestan, in Georgia,
just everywhere to bomb and blow up Russian facilities on the borders, and in Russian
held areas like Dagestan and Chechnya. And it's a fact, I mean, these are Playboy guys
who thought they were part of a drill, and then that's why he climbs out of the boat,
and there's no blood on his neck or shirt. He walks over and they go lay down, little baby.
Here's the shot, give me that skeleton. And then they are coming out saying,
right now, the younger brother admits to setting bombs with brother, source says.
Have they ever got me in jail and they've cut my larynx out? And they just come out
in the Boston Globe or the Austin Market Station or wherever and just say, Alex Jones admits he
blew up the Capitol. Alex Jones admits he ran over the little kids. Alex Jones admits,
Alex Jones wrote a suicide note, he committed suicide. No, no, no, and look, we're the only
ones on the trail. And that's why they're demonizing us, and that's why they're demonizing
things like DrudgeReport.com, because he's got the huevos to push some of the stuff we're putting
out, because it makes sense. And now there was a drill, the senator says there's evidence they
knew and let it happen, no kidding. But I thought I'm the conspiracy theorist, who stands to gain
from this? Who has a history of this? Who's been caught doing it over and over again?
I mean, we'd be idiots. If we didn't have lawmakers that would take our liberties and
give hundreds of billions of dollars in domestic contracts to their own families
when there was a terror attack, they wouldn't be doing this. A free country doesn't get rid
of its liberties cuz three people get blown up or two cops get shot. A free country doesn't give
into terrorism. The only people that would tell you give into terrorism and give up your liberty
are the terrorists, duh, duh. Why do terrorists stage terrorism? To get a political
goal. And what's that? Power. Put us in power. They're in power. And they want to get rid of
the Bill of Rights, the Constitution, and they're creating terror attacks, they're manufacturing
them, they're provocateur-ing them, they are funding them, they are commanding them.
Our number two straight ahead. This is incredible news. Of course, he was on an NGO.
They had aliases. They work for the new world order.
This is GCN, the Genesis Communications Radio Network.
I had tried everything. I'd cut back the amount of food I was eating. I was lifting weights and
jogging, but nothing was working. My body was literally starving for minerals and trace
elements as well as key vitamins. And as soon as I had that, I immediately could eat half of what
I was eating previously and be satisfied. I was so excited. I was so excited. I was so excited.
Now there are hundreds of great products at Infowarsteam.com, but I want to point out the
three that have helped me lose 37 pounds in just two months. Products like Beyond Tangy Tangerine,
Holland Burst, and Rebound. When I started taking the Tangy Tangerine and other products every day,
I lost more than 37 pounds in just two months. Now that's results. I want to challenge my listeners
to go to Infowarsteam.com and to order just three of their products. And you will see the changes
in the way you look, feel, and in your appetite almost immediately.
Start your journey to health and wellness today. Infowarsteam.com.
Waging war on corruption. Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Big Brother. Mainstream media. Government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
800-259-9231. I'll do what I said I'd do, and I'll cover news at the bottom of the hour.
Dan Modondi calling us. I'll go to your phone calls now. 800-259-9231. Coming up, Judge Janet
Napolitano, you have to deport illegal immigrants. And in Florida, a food stamp recruiter deals with
wrenching choices. Washington Post talks about the government recruiting more people onto welfare,
because they want to bankrupt the country, okay?
And also, Napolitano now admits the Saudi student was put on the watch list,
even though she denied that previously, and said that they weren't deporting him,
though now they are. I mean, just a pack of liars. 800-259-9231, we'll get you up on air.
The big news is the AP came out with no proof, said they talked to somebody overseas. And the
brothers liked infowars.com. And then the media ran with that, and now they're my biggest fans,
and that I caused the bombing. And of course, I'm saying we should look at the globalists who
stand to gain from this and have a history of it. And there is a drill, and the US Senator now says,
looks like they knew and let it happen, that's mainstream news.
But see, it doesn't matter. Folks, I'm the terrorist, I mean, come on. I told you they
wanted to blame us, and they're doing it. Because no one's got what it takes to challenge these
people. We're all supposed to just lay down, and everybody's so afraid, so afraid of all this stuff
that statistically isn't even that dangerous. If the government kills me, that's just the way it is.
I still drive in my car every day, even though that's the most dangerous thing I do. I risk my
life every day, and I'm aware of it. And I know what GMO does, but I still let my kids eat it
sometimes cuz I'm lazy. I know what cell phones do, but I'm lazy. I mean, just a lot of it is,
is that we're all killing ourselves to live, basically. And I'm not gonna sit here and just
let the worst of the worst run over everything, I'm done. Let's go ahead and talk to Chris in
New York, and we'll go to Mario and Nick and Liz and Derek and everybody. Go ahead, Chris,
thanks for holding. Hi, Alex. Thank you for taking my call, and thank you very much for
your efforts. I got a couple of points that I wanna stress. Number one, people need to know
that this Boston thing is to take our civil liberties. People need to know that, understand
that the Second Amendment, the Constitution, the Bill of Rights needs to be defended.
And another point is that some of the reporters out there that need to come out,
more people like Rudowsky, Badandi, yourself, need to come out and get on the Obama's face
and Biden's bike helicopter face, and ask how did they feel when the VP called for a new world order
one week before the bombing. Another thing is that I come from a third world country.
I saw on your page that probably Obama might have a gun ban from importation.
You know, he's saying that he's going to adopt the UN policy and do it, and Biden has said they will,
and they had a pro-gun group on my YouTube saying I'm a liar. Even when it's official,
people can't even admit it's happening. Well, let me tell the people this. I come from a country
that has the same thing. You cannot bring guns in, so the only thing that that leads to
is for contraband. Number two, only crooks and the people in power are the only ones who are
going to have guns, and whatever guns are going to be left, they're going to be very, very expensive.
People cannot buy them, and that leads to more, okay?
The people running our society are criminals, and they have a criminal instinct that they're
scared. I mean, look, I mean, people in Texas aren't scared out in parking lots,
and even see looking people are scared of you. I'll be quite honest with you. In Texas,
everybody's scared of people driving around in pickup trucks,
because they know white guys in pickup trucks are packing guns. And I've seen the statistics.
Thieves, whether they be white, black, it doesn't matter, will tend to pick on, quote, immigrants
who they know come from countries, this has been proven, who don't have gun culture. So in fact,
a lot of immigrant groups feed on their own immigrants because they know they're probably
not carrying guns. Criminals hate the gun culture. They hate the fact that good people are armed and
aren't going to roll over. Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need
to support our immunity and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs
by providing a full selection of silver-based products. Our most popular silver-based products
are the 32-ounce nano silver solutions, our 2-ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well
as our all-natural silver soaps. Just released is our 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver
gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and leave the silver
at the surface. But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing
chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more
effectively. Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver-based
products are best for you. That's www.silverlungs.com.
you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply
with e Foods Direct. Be prepared before you need it with nutrient-dense food you can store for up
to 25 years. You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you. Do what I've done and get your
own supply of the best durable foods out there from e Foods Direct. Call 800-409-5633 or visit
them on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex and check out their spring specials. Again,
that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex. You can
bet your life on e Foods Direct. With health threats on the rise such as West Nile virus,
MRSA, CRE, and now the new bird flu recently discovered in China, there has never been a
more crucial time to support your immune system. Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary new silver
solution that is clinically shown to be several hundred times more effective than colloidal or
ionic silver and is powerful enough to help protect you and your family. Supernatural
Silver is scientifically supported, highly effective, and perfect for everyday use inside
the body as well as out. The Science Digest Journal says silver is our mightiest germ fighter.
It is virtually non-toxic and is emerging as a wonder of modern medicine. Supernatural Silver
is the number one choice of thousands for improved health and immune system support.
To find out how Supernatural Silver can change your life, go to supernaturalsilver.com and use
the promo code SPRING2013 for 20% off and like us on Facebook.
Big Brother. Mainstream media. Government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
All right, we're going to be taking your phone calls throughout the hour. We've confirmed the
Secret Service threatened our reporter and we have video proof that that article is going up
at infoawards.com and told him not to ask questions in America. So the Secret Service
doesn't just deal with counterfeiting or with protecting the POTUS. Now it deals with telling
reporters they can't ask questions in America about drills that happened and we know why.
It is being reported by WSBTV. We have this up at infoawards.com. Senator Chambliss,
law enforcement agency may have had info about Boston bombing in advance and done nothing and
not shared the info. It turns out that they were both on welfare. And here's the big bombshell being
reported by Russian News. We have this all linked up on infoawards.com. Tamerlan recruited via
Georgian Foundation, working to help in conjunction with the Georgian Special Services
and Americans. And then they help fund the different radical Muslim groups,
including the Bin Laden of Chechnya, who this guy reportedly admired, because they're using
them to attack the Russians. And who is the father of this 1979 plan, strategy of tension
and proxy state? Here it is, it's the Jamestown US nonprofit. The board of directors of NGOs
entered one of the ideologists of the US foreign policies, a big new Brzezinski,
has engaged in recruiting residents of North Caucasus to work on the entrance to the United
States and Georgia. They mean the mega banks that have captured us. They're now using America
in the exploitation phase. They'll know what that means at the CIA against the next country.
Unbelievable. According to the reports of the Colonel Chief Directorate Counterintelligence
Department Ministry of Internal Affairs of Georgian, Gregory Chanteria, the Minister of
Internal Affairs, and just goes through workshops with the military. I mean, this guy was a commando.
And that's why they had to get him dead immediately, whatever he knew.
And I said, these guys are dead. Well, they shoot the boat full of holes,
looks like 15 machine guns, you have bullets every inch. They come up and I heard the live
police scanners. They're like, no, the media's gotta feed right when they were getting ready
to do the deed. So then they say, okay, come out. He puts his hands up, climbs out, and minutes
later, is unconscious with his throat being chopped open. And then barely living so they
could say, leave it open. We can kill him if we want, or maybe set him up or get him to confess
and then kill him. And for those that don't know, you never have someone in intensive care and
critical condition and then have them say, a source, he admits to doing it all.
Never gonna get a fair trial, folks. Never gonna get a fair trial. And again,
am I saying there aren't Muslim extremists? There are. The globalists are putting them in
charge of Libya, in charge of Syria to commit massacres of Christians in both countries.
And Muslim minority groups, Shiite and other subgroups that are even more
rare like the Alawites and the Zoroastrians. We've got all this going on. See, folks,
you're an expert on baseball and football or your own business. I'm an expert on history.
And I'm just giving you the basics. I mean, for someone informed, it's like you have 2020 vision.
For people that don't know where the caucuses are or don't know about foundations or haven't read
all of Brzezinski's books, who don't watch CFR meetings, who don't read foreign affairs.
I mean, foreign affairs said last year, yeah, we're running Al Qaeda, we need them.
Al Qaeda's doing a great job. These are good fighters. They wear black uniforms with the
Al Qaeda patch. And they go into people's houses and say, we're gonna kill your whole family
if you don't drive this suicide bomb into that police convoy up there.
I mean, you don't even know. This guy's wife and kids say we're gonna kill him. You don't know.
I know this. The aunt, who's a tough as nails lawyer in Canada, is a listener. We confirmed
that. I talked to her. She said, I'm ready to go public. I called her back and she's crying.
She goes, they will crush me like a bug if they're listening. I can't talk.
I love my family. The America, I thought the West was free. It's terrible, it's terrible.
It's terrible. Obviously, is my summation, they called up and said, listen, bitch,
we're gonna kill your kids if you don't shut up. You got that straight. And by the way,
she was on record saying they were threatening her. And I'm sorry to use that word, but that's
how they talk to you. Cuz I've gotten the phone calls. They love to call my wife up and tell her
about what she was just talking about. Let her know, hey, yeah, okay, you heard that.
Now you know we're listening. I will cut your head off, but they'll say it in a lot more
vicious, it's like a movie. Do you understand me, you bleeping, you know what? But you know I'll do
a lot more before I do that. See, you don't know who runs America. And so I'm up here just going,
all right, all out, I know who you are. I know what you've done. You think they hate
Iraqis and killed over a million of them with starvation and all the rest of it in sanctions?
And then they hate our troops even more. They shoot them up with deadly shots. They brainwash
them, they put them on deadly drugs, and now they're gonna take their guns. They hate our
troops 100 times more. You're just nothing but a drone. You're nothing but a biological
android. You're nothing but a clone, cloned by this culture. They call us biological androids,
Ray Kurzweil in all of them. He's a big new Brzezinski.
You are a programmable guy that goes and watches Olympus is Falling and believes all this and
really thinks you're a hero. G.I. Joe, great American hero. Joe, Joe, you don't work for Joe.
Joe got taken over. The G.I. Joe command base is run by Cobra. Do you understand that? And I use
a child analogy to get through to you because that's your main programming template in North
America. They're on record with that. That was all Pentagon directed. You understand you work
for Cobra. You dress like Cobra. You have the tactics of Cobra. You are Cobra. Hail Cobra.
You wanna be little boys or do you wanna really join the Republic?
It's all these stupid G.I. Joe movies and stuff where the White House is attacked.
The White House is run by Cobra. It's run by chaos. It's run by Specter.
How do you think MI6 that Ian Fleming wrote about, he worked for him, he was an OSS,
where the robber barons are gonna release a bio weapon to kill everybody.
He wrote Moonraker in the 50s. That's the plan.
Oblivion is the plan. Zardoz is the plan. It's the only plan. And you better pray to God they
don't get this through. Because if Cobra, the snake, the devil, the Black Pyramid gets control,
it's all over for you. So that's why it doesn't matter if they kill me.
Doesn't matter cuz my family has no future if we don't beat them. Sure what, I'm gonna live
another five, ten years, play ball with this, maybe 20. Play ball, think I'm part of the elite,
live in some high rise all guarded when the bio weapon gets released.
We'll all be dying up in that high rise. I'll be on the phone going I thought I was part of the
team. These idiot operatives trying to discredit us online go Alex Jones admits he's had family
in the government. The proof, it's secret. I'm the one saying it on air. I'm the one telling
you idiots. And I'm not gonna say more cuz I don't wanna get people in my family in trouble.
The point is the New World Order's real, you fools.
They run little kids, they run the snuff films, they run the drugs, they run it all.
And because you act like a bunch of naive chumps, this whole thing's gonna come down on us.
To every police officer in this country, to every FBI agent, to every Secret Service agent,
you work for Spectre. You work for chaos. You work for Cobra. How do they get power?
They stage a terror attack using Spectre, using Cobra. Who is Cobra? Arms dealing, drug dealing,
money laundering group wearing mask. They wear mask, ladies and gentlemen,
because they're the corporate CEOs. And they're manipulating the governments against each other.
Cobra runs the Muslims. Cobra runs the CIA. Cobra runs it all. Cobra is real.
Haven't you people figured any of this out yet? Then you don't have a heyday with that.
You can call it whatever you want. Cobra is in control of America. And Cobra says the veterans
and the gun owners and the conservatives and the people that say there's a foreign New World Order
banking takeover happening. They're saying that we're the bad guys. That's what Cobra would say.
That's what Spectre would say. That's what Goldfinger would say, because that's who those
people are. James Bond works for Spectre. James Bond is Spectre, is Cobra.
They are the bad guys. And the local cop doesn't know that because you are just like the man in
oblivion. Go see it, and then you'll understand it. It's an allegory of what you are. It's an
allegory of a program. They see you as a flesh and blood robot. They think you're a dumb animal
that cannot get above the program. And the issue is you obviously can't be told this, can you?
Your kid's gonna have to get diagnosed with cancer. You're gonna have to get diagnosed
with neurological disorders early. You're going to have to see things in your business, in your life,
that are so evil that you finally make a break with it. You decide, I was talking to one of my
uncles who saw a lot of stuff, I'll leave it at that. And he said, there will come a point in
these people's lives, these operators' lives, and these corporate people and the rest of them.
Where you've gone along and accepted so much evil and finally something so bad,
you decide to jump into it and go with it, or you repent and get completely out of it.
That's the only way. You gotta have a clean break with all this stuff.
That's the only way, ladies and gentlemen, this thing is taking us to oblivion.
There is no getting out of this if they win. There is no good ending.
You people that think you're true believers in this, you are not true believers.
You're not saving the Earth with your Earth cult crap. That's another fake story you've been given.
This is not the island. It's a projection, okay? This is not, folks, it's THX 1138. It's the island.
It's oblivion. You are in a controlled paradigm. You've got to come out of it. It is the matrix,
but it isn't a physical matrix yet. They're trying to insert us into that.
That's a 1970s Pentagon plan. Look it up. They have this whole thing planned out.
And it is crazy. You are living in 2013. All right, I promise. I'm going to Mario. I'm going
to Liz. I'm going to Derek. I'm going to Nick. I'm going to Jenny. I'm going to all of you.
But it's now come out that these guys were CIA. They were CIA.
We all know that Berkey water purification systems are the most trusted name in water
filtration as an authorized Berkey dealer for over six years and serving thousands
of satisfied customers. The Berkey guy offers amazing specials for Berkey water filtration
systems. The Berkey light systems include a set of self sterilizing and re cleanable
black purification elements that purify water by removing chlorine, pathogenic bacteria,
cyst and parasites to non detectable levels and remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides
and pesticides. Order the Berkey light system today, complete with two black
Berkey elements for only $231. And the Berkey guy will ship your order free of charge with
the purchase of a Berkey light. The Berkey guy is also offering a set of fluoride and
arsenic filters for only $39.99. That's over 30% off the retail price. Call the Berkey guy at
1-877-886-3653. That's 1-877-886-3653 or order online at GoBerkey.com. That's GoBerkey.com
today. Have you ever felt like the United States government knows way too much about
your financial affairs? I continue to hear stories about property seizures, frozen bank
accounts confiscation of stocks and bonds. It makes me wonder if the US citizen will
ever again have the right to life liberty and the pursuit of happiness. Unfortunately,
with the Drug and Money Laundering Act, the IRS Revenue Ruling 6045 of 1984 and the Trading
with the Enemy Act in Franklin D. Roosevelt's Executive Order of 1933, some precious metal
holdings are subject to government intervention. For this reason, Midas Resources has prepared
a report explaining the boundaries of trading precious metals privately. Whether if you have
any intention of trading with Midas Resources or not, I have instructed my representatives
to give this report out free. Call for your free copy at 1-800-686-2237. When investing,
always proceed with caution. Again, call 1-800-686-2237. Exercise your legal right to trade
metals privately. 1-800-686-2237. Nothing is more American than diamond gusset jeans.
100% American made since 1987. Soft and broken in from the start, yet more rugged and durable
than any jean you've ever worn. Have you ever experienced mis-sized jeans from China?
Well, you won't with diamond gusset. Every pair is crafted to fit exactly the same and always
feel like they were custom made. Need a 35, 37, or 39 waist? How about a 31 inseam? We keep all
sizes in stock for the fit you need. Looking for a relaxed fit, slim fit, regular fit, boot cut,
or straight leg? We got you covered. Buy the world's best fitting jeans at gusset.com or call
1-888-8GUSET. Get free gusset targets for the next time you go to the shooting range with the
purchase of their new Ranger jean. Use code COMFORT when ordering to receive free shipping
and all gusset orders at gusset.com. That's gusset.com to get only the best all-American jeans.
Gardeners, here comes another growing season, but don't use last year's soil.
Maximize yields in your survival garden with EM1 from Tereganics. EM1 is an organic soil
conditioner, fertilizer amendment, and compost accelerant that provides a broad spectrum of
beneficial microorganisms, enzymes, trace minerals, vitamins, and various organic acids. EM1 helps
regulate the soil's pH level and its soil microbes, improving moisture retention and drought tolerance.
Remember last year's dry conditions? EM1 from Tereganics is safe, chemical free, and certified
for use on all organic farms. It improves plant quality, size, color, flavor, and gives up to 20%
more nutrient value in fruits and vegetables and greatly increases shelf life. And EM1 is so simple
to use, just mix with water and apply. This year, prepare your crisis garden for maximum yields with
EM1 from Tereganics.com. Order now at T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X.com or call toll-free 866-369-3678.
That's 866-369-3678. Tereganics. Life's getting better.
Resistance to tyrants is obedience to God. It's Alex Jones.
If the government can shut down a whole city and point guns at people and take you out of your
houses and then rationalize it, they can do anything. Like take your bank accounts, like make
you take vaccines, like conscript your children for domestic homeland operations. And of course,
there'll be no economy left, so you'll want that job and you'll want the authority, the rock
star-ism that Ever Bernays talked about of being in the government town, a rock star with a bunch
of narcissists strutting around. That's like North Korea. We are becoming slowly but surely
like North Korea, run by a bunch of inbred psychopaths laughing at us.
Let's go to your phone calls. Huge breaking news coming up at infoawards.com with the
Secret Service and more. Just stay with us. Mario in South Carolina, thanks for holding.
You're on the air, sir.
Yes, Alex Jones. I wanted to call about a upcoming FEMA drill that I saw on the internet on April
27th. If you go to Google, type in Nevada governor 2014 zombie UFO drill, and that'll come up.
No, I know. And it was so shocking. They then said it was a lie when it came out.
But do you know why they do a zombie drill now?
Well, the guy was talking about how coal were in government for zombie is the one that is
on welfare during a financial- That's right. Look, the Marines did all these drills of mowing
minorities down in some of the videos we have in police safety thousand.
They either trained to kill black people mainly, and you can look at the role players they got,
or they trained to kill rednecks and John Deere hats. That's who they're gonna have trouble with.
And for whatever reason, mainly it's John Deere hats, but about a quarter of it is trying to
kill black people. Line them up and shoot them. I didn't really see a lot of Hispanics. I saw some,
but the point is it was just mainly, I've been to so many of these drills, it's either,
okay, we're trying to kill black people or we're trying to kill rednecks.
But yeah, that's it, very astute. And so now they just call it a zombie,
because you're already seen as an animal. So it's part of dehumanization. See, the Nazis
said for seven, eight years, our enemies are rats and bugs in all these newsreels.
Now the LA Times has said about me, to dehumanize. Now they just say you're a
zombie. And all the zombies shows they're on record are meant to condition you and acclimate
you to not care about death and destruction, to build a core of psychopaths that will carry out
the extermination operations. Go ahead. Well, I was just gonna say that this was
listed, it said 100 participants. So I was thinking maybe it was an upcoming false flag,
because they have to do a drill. Because if they get caught, they can blame the-
Oh, yeah, and then they'll just say there wasn't even a drill. They won't
even imagine that it's the newspaper. They'll just say there was no drill.
They'll go, well, his video is zombies. And they'll go, those didn't exist either.
So look, Jones says they're zombies. And he says Cobra Commander runs things,
which is an allegory, but basically it's the same thing. The world is ruled to a great extent by
people that make Cobra Commander look like an angel. But it's the exact tactics you see,
they were teaching little kids the type of dirty tricks they were gonna carry out
as globalist operatives. Exactly, exactly. Also, another thing,
a few years ago during that whole Georgian thing with Russia, I was actually there.
And it was pretty weird because the Russians were falling behind us. And I knew that we actually did
the first attack, but everyone else, they didn't know. And they thought-
Let me stop you and give you the floor then, Mario. For those that don't know, I got fooled that day
cuz I got up kinda late, cuz I think I'd even done coast to coast or something.
But I'd been up to like four in the morning. So my wife goes, get up, it's like nine o'clock.
There's been a big war starting. The Russians have attacked Georgia. And I'm like, yeah, right.
Cuz the Russians don't really ever attack anybody until they get messed with,
or they infiltrate to take over. I'm like, yeah. So I get up and CNN's like,
the Russians have attacked the dastardly. There could be nuclear war.
So I drive in, I go on air at 11 AM. And I say, well, the Russians attacked,
not knowing even naive, back in 2008, how big of liars they are. And yes, it later came out the US
through proxies attacked Russia held areas in South Ossetia and Abkhazia.
You say you were there in the Navy. Tell us about that. I see that on screen.
Yeah, so I was there in the Navy. Not gonna really name the ship, but there's only one
ship in the mid over there. But basically, we responded for a humanitarian call, and we
basically gave the Georgians some supplies. But at the same time, I was talking to a friend that
I met, a girl, being in the Navy and everything. And she was in Russia, and she was explaining to
me the entire situation. And I was like, wow, that doesn't really make too much sense.
Why are we helping out the Georgians when- Now on the ship, did they tell you that Russia had
attacked? Or were they more honest, knowing you'd have the information?
They didn't tell us. That was more high level. But all they told us was to be on watch,
sending information throughout the med and everything. Cuz I was dealing with
communications while on the ship, so they were- Anything else you wanna add on that, sir?
Uh, on that, no. You know, I just wanna let everyone know that-
Well, God bless you, yeah. Thanks for bringing up another zombie drill,
which is another drill for mass extermination of citizens.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans,
here is the Cal Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for
years. These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that
are earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free
catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs.
This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap
makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers. The prognosis for the entire planetary
economic system runs from bad to worse. The globalist model is to shut down societies
and starve patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover. That's why we've assembled
the most vital and important preparedness items at infowarshop.com. These are items that I did
research on that I personally use. You've got the life straw so you can turn fetid water into safe
water anywhere you go. The Ktor hand crank generator to charge up key equipment during
power outages are out in the field. Strategic relocation third edition by Joel Skousen. When
disaster strikes by Matthew Stein. TheraSafe used by Homeland Security to protect yourself during
any radiological event. Hand crank shortwave AM FM radios. Everything that we've researched
and found to be the best is available at infowarshop.com and your purchase makes
our info war possible. We're getting prepared are you? Infowarsshop.com. You prepare by purchasing
gold, food and firearms but if you don't have a home security system then you're missing a
critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping or away
from home who's watching out for intruders? Check out Simply Safe. It's a new do-it-yourself home
security system that is completely wireless. Go to getsimplysafe.com. Simply Safe is independent
and off the grid. It runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down you are protected.
It's completely customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit
or shed. Getsimplysafe.com. Simply Safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under
20 minutes so there's no need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate
you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home but Simply Safe
will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day seven days a week. Again that's
getsimplysafe.com. I have sworn upon the altar of God eternal hostility against every form of
tyranny over the mind of man. Thomas Jefferson.
Ladies and gentlemen we are back live. Thank you so much for joining us.
The top story up on infowars.com is that the CIA had recruited in Georgia for operations the older
Tamerlan brothers. So that story is red linked up at infowars.com. We know he had a alias to get it
out of the country which the government let him use. That's the big tip-off. We know this has the
classic signs there. Again that is up on infowars.com right now. You add to this that we have the
senator coming out Chambliss. We're going to play that clip here in just a moment. Law enforcement
agency may have had info about Boston bombing in advance. You had the drill did go on and then you
add to the secret service. The secret service did not want Dan Badandi to ask questions and Dan
talked about this and it turns out there was video aired from some of the angles on national
television and those images are about to go up on infowars.com. But I can show TV viewers
the images that I printed off right here from the third press conference where Dan Badandi was able
infowars.com East Coast reporter to get in and ask about the drill and to ask about the history
of government provocateur and groups. Were these guys patsies that work for the government?
Because in almost every other case it's been so you'd be remiss to not ask that and again the
only media to give this any positive coverage was Michael Savage. Paul Watson heard it and told me
about it. I didn't hear it and said of course you want to ask about the drill and now we found new
articles in the Boston Globe admitting a drill but they tried to spin it and a drill a few years
before that. So there was a drill of a bombing right where it happens. Why do you do that?
You want to have black backpacks everywhere. So and again the people with the black backpacks
they're not involved. They're part of the drill with their black backpacks, contractors,
National Guard, Navy Seals, you name it. And then that way no one can catch the real bomb
when it gets left. And there's so many people with backpacks it gets confusing.
And then you can blame the patsies which are your intelligence ops
who believe they or who are your assets who believe they're taking part in a drill.
Then the mother says they call them up threaten them to make them go on the run.
They were both hanging out going to parties night before talking about how weird the bombing was and
then magically they supposedly run. We don't know if any of that's true. Then he climbs out of the
boat not bleeding from the neck. Next he's almost dead with his neck being cut open.
And now they have shown he'll never get a free trial of the younger brother.
They're in the news saying, Boston Globe witnesses,
the sources say he admitted to the bombings. Admits to setting bombs with brother sources
say also admits he and brother Tamerlan were behind killing of MIT officer.
So there you go. It's all open and shut, ladies and gentlemen. And it's a conspiracy there. Yeah,
he was at CIA workshops. Yeah, he had covers. Yeah, there was a drill. Yeah, the senator says
it looks like it was prior knowledge and they stood down. Yeah, everything Alex Jones predicted.
And folks, why did I predict it? Let's punch up in fallwars.com. This is from April 19th.
I said Saturday, it was actually Friday night. I saw the Saturday morning, Boston bombers role of
CIA in Chechen and terror. And he goes through and list the very State Department groups in
Georgetown. And the very, very groups connected and how they have funded these groups and how
they had an alias. And all of that later came out. The mother said they were all over them
five years before. And the mother said they visited him two and a half years ago, which
was confirmed. Mothers were telling the truth because the Russians blew their cover.
That's how the Russians would do it, or the US would do it. Hey, who is this you're having
with an alias go back and forth? He worked for you, is he a terrorist? And by the way,
it's seasoned people who've run black ops like Steve Pacinek saying it's an inside job.
It's seasoned people like Joel Scowles and concurrent with my analysis, okay?
You think it's fun to go up against these people? I mean, even if you don't believe
it's an inside job, there's no history of that. You wanna say USA take my rights and you're a fool.
Even if you're a fool, do you know the government goes after people that stand up to them? Cuz
they're bullies. So you think I enjoy doing this. They call me a maniac. They call me a madman.
They call me spooky. They call me dangerous. They call me a fascist. Folks, I'm really just a Texan.
And I'll be honest with you, your ancestors were tough and they stood up.
I'll guarantee if you research them, my ancestors were just as tough or tougher.
And they didn't bow to King George. They didn't bow to Santa Ana. And you know what? A lot of
them didn't survive, but the idea went on. And that's just in my blood. I am not a slave.
And I'm not gonna be ruled by a bunch of murdering criminals that have put Libya and Syria under
Al-Qaeda to line Christians up and chop their heads off while telling me I gotta give my rights
up or Al-Qaeda will get me when they run them. And by the way, they're gonna take everything,
folks. This is a really nasty group. Now I'm gonna shut up.
He's gonna have them on for about five minutes. Then we're gonna go to your phone calls,
Liz and Nick and Jordan and Derek and Jenny. We're gonna get to all of you here in just a moment.
But history's happening here. We're the only ones at infoawars.com on the trail.
I have put my name, my family, most importantly, my treasure, everything on this because I know
what I'm talking about. I mean, it isn't hard when the globalists have done this over and over again.
It's like, I hate to use gross analogy, it's like walking through a field with cows in it.
And there's a big steaming pile of cow manure right there. And I go, hey, watch out, that's cow
manure. And some city slicker goes, really? I think it's a big chocolate cake. And I'm like,
no, that's cow manure. I promise cows, you eat grass, they got three stomachs, they crap that out.
They're like, shut up conspiracy theorists. And they sit down with a spoon and start eating it.
And you're like, hey, does that really taste good? They're like, yeah, it's chocolate, like I said.
And you're going, no, no, man, this is tyranny. You don't wanna eat that.
You don't wanna go down this road. The founders said it was cow manure. They're like, no,
I say it's chocolate cake. And that's what Americans are doing to go along with this.
I say everybody having to put their hands up and come out of their houses is chocolate cake.
I'm saying the government spying on us without warrants is chocolate cake.
I'm saying drones targeting us domestically is a good thing. It's chocolate cake.
Let me tell you why a lot of people kind of halfway sell out to all this,
like you've been seeing lately. God love them. It's because they're scared, ladies and gentlemen,
and their wives at home saying, man, this is dangerous. And all the ladies from the
Senate are saying we better watch it and play ball, honey, and work on the inside
and fix things that way. I mean, I don't like that phone call I got.
Let me tell you, you better look in your kid's eyes long and hard,
cuz I'll tell you one thing that's for certain. You go along with this,
you can kiss their butts goodbye. You got all these senators and media people in their fancy
suits up there on egomaniac trips. And if you're not dedicated to this for liberty
and for freedom and justice and tuning into being a good person and the universe,
then you are going to end up kneeling to this evil.
You're going to end up compromising with it. You're going to end up selling out to it.
And you can't sell out to death, folks. There's no compromising with the New World Order.
I wanna bring you now Dan Badandi, M4 Wars reporter, someone people admire for his courage.
People ask, why did I hire Dan Badandi? Because if you go back to where I was first on
air 18 years ago, I'd stutter and stammer sometimes, I still do it. I would get overly
excited. Does he look like one of the anchors on Fox News? No, he doesn't. Do I? No, I don't.
But he's a real guy and has a fighting spirit, and that's why he's a reporter from fullwars.com.
And he did something that none of those other cowards would do. They won't even look at photos.
Dan's like, I have photos of the other people that they don't want you to see.
The Secret Service comes over, let's show the images, and gets in his face and threatens him.
And now, they wouldn't say who they were last week, he thought they were FBI.
Now, people pointed out, notice this is Secret Service on record with Obama.
So Obama sent guys to bug their eyes out and threaten Dan Badandi, and there he is standing
up to him. Look at him, that's what the Globals are doing to all of America. They're coming up,
get in your face, staring at you, trying to look evil, trying to look tough,
show that you'll bend over so foreign banks can implode the country and take over.
All because they feel like they belong. Why don't you, Secret Service, be like the Secret Service
agent Bongino, who was sitting there at a meeting and he thought it was like a Mao Tse Tung meeting.
As Obama was talking about how collectivism is good, and how you didn't build that, and how
children must tell their parents what to do. He recognized he was in a globalist,
collectivist, hardcore authoritarian meeting. And I guess, Don Salazar now has his article up,
great job to a Don. I just said, blurb it, he did a whole article with the photos.
Now up at Infowars.com, we need to red link that as well. And I've had Secret Service come up to
me, I'm not saying they're all bad, I know a lot of them are listeners, I've run into them since.
But the guys they send are the ones that are evil. The ones that'll do what they're told,
the ones that get off of being a bully and trying to scare people. I'd be embarrassed trying to
scare somebody who wasn't asking for it. And then I wouldn't try to scare them, I'd try to
climb all over who was trying to hurt an innocent person. Try to get them off of what was happening.
I had Secret Service try stuff like this with me when I tried to just go down and report on the
2000 election results. They think this is Communist China, they think it's North Korea.
And you know what, if we let them act like that, it is. Dan Badandi, he wrote a many out there,
Infowars.com reporter, great job, my friend. He's even got family, because he's right there by
Boston. And we're not gonna say their names, turning their back on him over this, cuz they
can't handle the peer pressure. They can't handle the fact to see their family member having courage.
They should be toasting him, they should be carrying him on their shoulders, but instead
they spit on him. And here he is, ladies and gentlemen, in a world of cowards,
being a man of courage is a revolutionary act. And Dan Badandi joins us. Dan, recapping,
as you mentioned this as a footnote, what did they say to you? What did they do to you?
What did you say back to them? And now to know that they didn't want you asking those questions.
Here's the big issue. So they sent Secret Service of Obama, his Interpreterian Guard,
of literal Gestapo, of SS. SS was Hitler's Interguard, the Praetorian Royal Guard,
sent to stand in front of you and try to shut you down in America,
because you wanted to hand out pictures of the contractors. Go ahead.
Well, when I got there, I knew he was some kind of agent. I wasn't sure, I said he was the FBI,
but obviously he's the Secret Service. But when I sat down, he wanted to sit behind me.
I heard him argue with the guy behind me, he had to sit there, his stuff was there,
whatever the case. But he kept peeking over my shoulder every time I sent a text message,
every time I got a phone call, and when I was talking to my camera guy and my partner there.
And I knew this guy wasn't a reporter, he was dressed as a reporter. It's like,
this guy's not no reporter, and he's gonna give me your problem. So when I get up to
just the people, I had these pictures right here, the very pictures I showed.
He jumps up with his clipboard, blocking the cameras, trying to anyway,
trying to block these photos. They were hell-bent, these pictures wouldn't be showed.
Now before I went on here, he mentioned, when my friend arrives, he gave me these photographs there.
And I heard him yell to some other guy, they got pictures. They ran in the back of the hallway and
said they got pictures. The woman comes out, the coordinator, and she says to the press,
excuse me, everybody, we're gonna delay the meeting in about five minutes.
We're gonna get stuff together. What they were doing is they were trying to come up with a story.
And that's why they came out right away, Alex, and they said, do not go to anybody else's pictures,
but ours. Don't look anywhere else but our pictures. And no other picture is credible.
And these pictures here, these very pictures, I showed to the press anyway. I got bombarded by
agents, FBI agents and a Secret Service guy. But I stood up to him. I said, I'm not afraid of you
people. And I stood right up to him cuz I'm not, I have no fear of these people cuz I have a strong
faith in God. But these pictures here were the nuclear bomb of information. Because I had press
swarming me when, of course, the federal agents backed off. And I showed those pictures. I said,
these pictures could be seen on infowars.com, and people want to download these pictures.
And that guy behind me, I knew he was up to no good. I knew he was up to something.
And even my cameraman mentioned, watch that guy behind you, because he was hell-bent on
sitting behind me. We should also give credit to the camera guy if he wants to be public.
Kevin LaPrade and Nick M, which was my other partner, was holding the microphone for me.
Kevin LaPrade and Nick M, they're good friends of mine. They're both activist groups. I forgot
the group he belongs to. But anyway, it's- Well, Dan, listen, here's the bottom line.
Well, they acted totally suspicious about the other photos, the other people.
One of the Saudis has now ended up dead in a river. And that may have happened before.
Who knows? It may not be related, but I predicted that the people that end up in the river actually
said that over and over again, cuz I've seen it before. I hope people realize what we're
doing here. I mean, I'm not asking people to go, you've got so much courage. You're so great.
But we literally are standing directly up to the beast. And now a senator has come out and said,
looks like they had prior knowledge and stood down. We know that there was a drill. That's
now been confirmed. Now it's come out that the older brother, Tamerlan, was CIA. Of course he
was. He was allowed to go in and out with fake name. I mean, that stuff doesn't work unless they
want it to work. And now he's hooked in with Zbigniew Brzezinski, who runs the operations
to destabilize Russia. Unbelievable. And I just wanna say one thing, too, if I could.
I mean, everybody's giving me these compliments. My credit, all that stuff goes to God. Glory to
God, not me. And I wanna say one thing. I'm from the smallest town and the smallest state in the
country, literally. My town is one square mile to Central Falls and we're from Rhode Island,
which is a small state. So if one man can stand up against the global elite and make a difference,
you can too. Alex says all the time, you are the resistance. And it doesn't matter who you are.
I'm not a great speaker. I don't have a pretty face. I don't like those,
you know, the reporters on CNN that read from teleprompters.
You know what I mean? And I expose that to when I pull home the sidewalk.
You're a man who loves liberty and loves your family. You have an instinct to not be a slave.
And it's that instinct, Dan, that has done everything good in the world.
It's that instinct that has created civilization is not bending over to bullies.
Absolutely, and I'd rather die on my feet than live on my knees, like George Washington said.
Well, tell us the kind of stuff, because I remember you were off
here saying they were really getting in your face.
What did Obama's personal Secret Service people say to you?
Well, when I was trying to ask the questions, he was behind me heckling me. Shut up, shut up,
and you can't even tell it's my first amendment back the hell off. And I was right, you know,
because these people are very rude. He was out there like shut me down.
But what about the photos where he's in your face, right up in your space,
and you point your finger back in his face?
Oh, yeah, he jumps right up here because he was expecting that. He jumps up and gets his
clipboard and he's trying to block the photos from the camera, these very photos, yeah.
And of course, I put them with two hands and can't block both. And he was like,
tell me, sit down, shut up, blah, blah, blah. That's what they do now, they protect the lie.
They protect the fraud. They protect Kim Jong Un. They protect the dictator.
And that's just gonna be infuriated. I mean, these people think they're
intimidating me. And I'm not no superhero, I'm not. I'm just sick of it, like you are,
Alex. I'm sick of it. And you know what? I know my life's at stake and yours as well.
And I know it's all involved here, but I don't care. My founding fathers, your founding fathers,
our founding fathers, they made that sacrifice for us. So you know what?
It's our trying to make the sacrifice for our kids and our grandkids someday.
And that's why I'm not afraid because-
That's right, stay there and then I'll come back with calls, stay there. Absolutely,
they think we're beat. They think it's over. They think they can gut the whole country,
suck us dry, shut down our energy systems. You know the first thing you bomb?
You bomb power plants, they're shutting them down. I mean, we are being shut down right now.
We are being reeducated. But you know what? America's waking up.
We're not done yet, you globalist murdering scum.
on the web right now, yourbugoutplan.com.
Bills in front of Congress right now could take away your right to keep and bear arms.
If Obama has his way, all guns will be either banned, restricted or confiscated,
possibly by executive order. The best way to keep your guns is to hide them.
What Obama can't find, Obama can't take away. You can protect your guns from any threat.
Download our special report, How to Hide Your Guns at gohideyourguns.com.
Learn how to hide your guns while keeping them readily available.
Get the report now before they make us take it down on the web at gohideyourguns.com.
Hello, this is Ty Bollinger, author of the best selling book, Cancer Step Outside the Box.
I want you to know some very important information.
In 1985, President Ronald Reagan requested that carnivora be sent directly to the White House
at a time when only the president could obtain this world class healer.
Now, 27 years later, carnivore capsules are used around the world to keep people healthy.
Now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in this age of superbugs with 17
naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal cells only
without harming a single normal cell. If you want to stay healthy,
now's your chance to literally wake up your critical immune cells
to attack harmful invaders that don't belong in your body.
Call 1-866-VenusFly or order from carnivora.com. That's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A.com. That's 1-866-836-8735
1-866-VenusFly or visit carnivora.com. Protect your immune system. It's the only one you've got.
In the last two years alone, the US has seen huge losses to our food supply.
In 2011, storms and floods raged across the US, costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone.
In 2012, we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years.
You may think out of sight, out of mind, and so you don't think you will be affected.
The fact is you are. We all are. Food shortages drive prices up for everyone.
You might not be able to control mother nature, but you can control your food prices
by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply with e Foods Direct.
Be prepared before you need it with nutrient-dense food you can store for up to 25 years.
You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you.
Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best,
durable foods out there from e Foods Direct.
Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex
and check out their spring specials.
Again, that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex.
You can bet your life on e Foods Direct.
We're back live. One more segment with Badandi.
Then I'm going to push our next guest back to about 15 after so I can get to these calls.
And we'll get an update from Lindsey Williams.
Look, I just want to say this, I kind of get wound up to not even have courage to do this,
but I mean, when I look at this evidence and then do what I do,
you automatically get aggressive because you know you're fighting bad people.
But I want to be very, very crystal clear here.
The police, most of the FBI, most of the Secret Service are not involved in this.
And they really believe they're good guys working for a good system.
To use the movie analogy, just like Tom Cruise thinks he's working for the good guys in oblivion,
but he finds out otherwise. And that's what history has shown. Most German soldiers,
including SS, really thought they were doing good work. And they really believe
these guys acted alone. They're not going to look at them being CIA, even if it's admitted,
they don't want to look at that. Because they're all caught up in the pageantry and the funerals
and they're the heroes and all this stuff. And they attach all this tyranny, martial law,
to the new USA, USA. This is all a program. You learn how it looks, then you go, man,
that looks like the past stuff. And sure enough, okay, we'll see if there's a drill,
we'll see if there was prior knowledge, we'll see if there's a stand down.
We'll see if they were sent overseas in CIA training for Brzezinski groups,
and that it's public, enrolled in Brzezinski groups with the terror groups.
I mean, it's so painful. I wish they were real terrorists every day. I don't want to come up here
and say things that freak people out and are unpopular, but I have a responsibility to do it.
And of course, now you notice it's coming out, so we become even more popular.
But that's not even my goal. I mean, getting more popular, I'd rather the New World Order subside,
because believe me, I don't want to die. I don't want them to kill me or go after my family.
But you know what? These people are so bad, it's got to be done. I'll be honest with you,
if they were just, as I've said a thousand times, if they were boss hog corrupt,
they just wanted to steal stuff and run things. And I could argue, well,
at least it'll trickle down to the economy. I'd still resist them, but I'm not going to do it.
Well, at least it'll trickle down to the economy. I'd still resist them, but I wouldn't just,
110%, study how to resist them historically using the truth and try to hurt them as bad as I could.
I mean, I really am trying to get in their business. And they kill people that do that.
But they haven't killed me because they go, you kill that guy, it'll make everybody listen to
me even more. They're like, it doesn't matter, I want to kill him. And there may be a faction
that does that. Just know I chose that path because that's God's path. Whatever God wants,
it's in God's hands. They can't kill me if God doesn't want that.
But I'm telling you, everybody should do what Dan Badandi did. Everybody listening and watching
should go out with simple questions at press conferences, call it your own local news site,
create your own site, and just go calmly in a suit and ask questions. You will bring them down
just asking questions. They were scared to death of one man talking about a drill
that was in the Boston Globe.
The only reason they're powerful is because you're scared of them. And they are dangerous
now, they are powerful. But we're powerful too. And the God that's in us is a lot stronger than
the God that's in them. They're the God of this world. I serve the God of the universe,
not this little world. Real fast, Badandi, you got one minute to finish up any points.
Real quick, I want to give credit to the Free American Patriots movement. The guys helped me
out a lot. They gave me the pictures. They were great. And I just want to say again, man, I mean,
my family, my whole girlfriend's family disowned me. I'm barred from my girlfriend's house.
My girlfriend's standing against the family and all that. But my life is a miserable hell. I got
half my family that wants to disown me because of what I did. And the thing is, I don't even
care about that because I care about my kids future care about everybody. Absolutely. Hey,
Mark Twain in the beginning of Patriot is a scarce man hated and feared. But in time when
his cause succeeds, the timid join him because then it costs nothing to be a patriot. Dan,
anything else? I'm just want to say get out there, people, cameras,
you have to ask real questions and do not be afraid. Do not be afraid. God bless you.
You are listening to GCN. Visit GCN Live dot com today.
Silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics, advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one filter element. It is the only one that does it. And out
of the gates, we have a discounted at 10 percent off with promo code water. This is the only system
that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine.
Hydro fluoro salicic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter
brands and sodium hexafluoro silicate. Get your pro pure with a new pro one filter today at
info war store dot com or by calling eight eight eight two five three three one three nine.
Waging war on corruption. Alex Jones on the GCN radio network.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover ups. You want answers? Well, so does he. He's
Alex Jones on the GCN radio network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
There are many strengths that flow through the veins of men and women.
But physical strength is not even the most important. It's always been the moral courage
to do what's right. And that is the courage that we lack. We become lazy. We believe what
the establishment says. Or even if we know they're lying, we say, well, what can you change?
Well, nothing if you lay down. Let's go to your phone calls here. Big new breaking news
coming up in the next segment on this Wednesday edition. Let's go ahead and talk to Liz in
California. You're on the air, Liz. Thanks for holding.
Hi, Alex. Thanks for taking my call. This call's about that kid that was wearing the t-shirt
protecting the Second Amendment right. Yeah, I know it was an NRA milk toast t-shirt with
an American eagle on it. Eighth grader suspended over t-shirt, returns to school. Guys, document
cam. Go ahead, ma'am. Okay, here's my idea. I think just like how the Tea Party organized,
there should be an organization one day for all young patriots and Christian people to
say that they should all wear t-shirts that say something like, in God we trust or protect
our Constitution. Absolutely, because the separation of church and state means the government
can't be involved in your religion. Not that you're a member of the state and can't wear a
shirt saying I love Jesus at the mall or at a public school. They cannot bar you from doing
that. It's just a total lie. Just like you can wear NRA t-shirts if you want. I think we
should organize some school, maybe in Austin we have so many listeners, where maybe 100 children
wear a shirt saying I defend the Second Amendment and watch the authoritarians throw them out.
The idea of even a civil rights group isn't allowed. You see what tyranny that is?
Yeah, and I think that they should be organized all through every state, every state,
every school. And let's see how the left teachers and principals react to that.
And what kind of reaction we get.
Listen, it's a culture war. That's why they win as they know to never stop. We beat them,
but then we quit. They keep overrunning us. They always want more and more and more and more.
When we fight, we always win. So we have to drive them out. I mean, listen, they're saying kids,
and again, they want a culture war. It's a class civilization. They play both sides.
They have tried to program Hispanics that communism is what rebels against tyranny,
that anti-gun is good. Why wouldn't Hispanics wanna be capitalists and all the wealth that
comes from it and be able to own guns? Well, most of them do. But they then say,
oh, kids can't wear American flags because it makes the Mexican kids mad.
And it turned out it was Hispanic kids mainly. I think eight kids suspended six said,
you saw them on the news, they were Hispanic. And one of them just wore an old Navy shirt,
I think it was, or American apparel, I forget. He was on the news. And then they said you can't
be here one week. So they came back wearing shirts saying, I'm sick of this. This is America.
I wanna be an American, okay? It's like I've got German and French and Scots and Irish and English
and all these other backgrounds. I don't call myself a Alsatian. I don't call myself a Scot.
I don't call myself a Welsh person. I'm probably more Welsh than anything else.
I've seen people named Jones from England. I met people who are Welsh from Wales.
But the point is, is that it's amazing that they've engaged in this divide and conquer.
And in America, that's not liberalism that you can't wear an American flag shirt. That is crazy
authoritarians who wanna totally dominate you. And that's a reeducation camp. Go ahead.
Well, that's why I think we need to organize and have all these young patriots wear t-shirts on the
same day. I mean, Muslim people of Muslim faith can wear their burkas to school.
Oh, listen, listen, I heard Mantell say this a month ago when I was on a show.
And I believed him, but I went and looked it up. The Saudi Arabians are allowed to wear their head
dresses and their turbans and all that coming into the country, but citizens can't. Because
it's not about, and I'm not saying the Muslims are terrorists, period. I'm saying it's all made
up. It's about breaking us and training us we have no rights. Do you agree?
Yes, let's have National Christian Day at the school.
I'm calling for it, absolutely. National First Amendment Day, which includes
freedom of religion and you can't bar what?
You may be arrested and or subject to other police action.
Tyranny is here. The grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality.
It really says that the state is God. The United States is now recognized
globally as one of the most impressive police states on Earth. This film conclusively proves
the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps now being expanded nationwide. This
documentary exposes how the continuity of government program has established an all-powerful
shadow state. Police State 4 chronicles the sickening depths to which our republic has
fallen. Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship, body scammers,
sound cams, citizen spies, stage terror and cameras on every street corner. It's only
the beginning of the New World Order's hellish plan. The police state isn't coming. It's here.
Secure your copy today at infowars.com or see it online in the highest quality at prisonplanet.tv.
Food shortages drive prices up for everyone. You might not be able to control mother nature,
but you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply
with E Foods Direct. Be prepared before you need it with nutrient-dense food you can store for up
to 25 years. You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you. Do what I've done and get your
own supply of the best, durable foods out there from E Foods Direct. Call 800-409-5633 or visit
them on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex and check out their spring specials. Again,
that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex. You can bet
your life on E Foods Direct. Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased
need to support our immunity and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by
providing a full selection of silver-based products. Our most popular silver-based products
are the 32-ounce nano silver solutions, our 2-ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well
as our all-natural silver soaps. Just released is our 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver gel
is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the
surface, but rather we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry
of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more effectively.
Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver-based products are best
for you. That's www.silverlungs.com. Rallying patriots worldwide in defense of human liberty,
it's Alex Jones.
You know, it hurts my feelings when I read on infoawars.com
cops that sound like they're really good people going, hey, we don't want to die,
we don't want to go home dead to our family. You know, we want to be able to protect ourselves.
There could have been terrorists that they were with in any house. Well, yeah, I mean,
there could be 10 foot tall blood-drinking lizards too. I mean, there's a reason we have
a Bill of Rights and Constitution. There's a reason we've never seen this in an American city,
locking down most of a city, pointing guns at everybody, including black women and blondes
who clearly aren't your suspect. Well, you could have been with them. And this cop sent me an
email. At the end of the show, I'm going to read this. We got Lindsey Williams giving us an update.
He says breaking new news from his elite friend. So that is coming up, and I know who his source
is. It is someone who's attended Bilderberg. It's always interesting, so we'll get that perspective.
Emma, continue with your calls. Let's move quick now, because I'm pushing him back to go to these
calls. I'm sorry to make you hold so long, but you know that's what I do. Teleprompter free.
It's governor free, by the way, as well. There's nobody in control in here but me,
and I'm not in control. Kind of scary, isn't it? Nick in New York, you're on the air. Welcome.
Alex, buddy. Hail Cobra. What's going on today? Hail Cobra. Hail Cobra. Get the winners of it,
either. Let's get hard to play. I saw the awesome Oblivion last night, and that was an amazing film,
I have to say. I don't like Tom Cruise, and it made me like him. And again, it's because
did you get all the messages? It's pro male. It's all wholesome. It's about family and generations.
It's about kinship. It's about love, and it's about sacrifice, death. And it's about
compartmentalization. Was it heavy like I said it was? It's something you don't see anymore.
That's the thing. I mean, not only was it an amazing sci-fi film,
but it had every aspect of hope. And we can get through this, and we can save the day.
Well, I feel like Morgan Friedman when I'm arguing with somebody about the New World Order,
and he's sitting there arguing with the Tom Cruise astronaut character. And he won't even
argue with him. He just goes, uh-huh, that's what you think's going on? It's just like,
because we know we're right. I mean, some things we're wrong about on the edges, but we know
generally how right we are. It's like a joke how right we are, and having to argue with people.
That's why when we get attacked in the media, or they say, I'm connected to the bombings now,
you know, in the Associated Press and all this, it's just flailing. And then you know how evil
the top of the pyramid is, literally Oblivion, the Black Pyramid. Hey, what do you think of the
cover of the October issue being the bad guy from Oblivion, which they will not let that image out,
I've discovered. They're really shutting it down when it gets out on the web.
What'd you think of the bad guy in the movie?
What, the eye at the end? Yeah, the big, black, upside-down pyramid with a red eye, yeah.
The old-seeing eye? Yeah, I mean, the bad guy is the Illuminati,
a technocratic, psychopathic entity. Well, you know what I thought was funny,
was when, before the movie started, when the Universal logo came around, I didn't know
anything about this film. I never read the graphic novel. I went in there, basically,
and it turned you off yesterday when you were talking about it, because I'm like,
I just want to see this film. So I did not know anything about the, you know, the pyramid or
anything. But when I first saw the Universal logo coming around, and I saw that, that pyramid,
I was like, wait a minute, are they really being this obnoxious now? Like, I didn't know that was
part of the film. And then when I saw it in the film, I was like, all right, well, that makes
sense. But I mean, you know, there's a lot of symbolism in the film that majority of the
audiences will not get. No, no, I'm gonna be honest, we had rush tickets and a bunch of stuff,
and probably could have got backstage and stuff. But I didn't go to rush last night,
cuz I went back to see what my wife at Genghis, she wanted to see it.
Plus I ran home and saw the kids. But I went back just to try to like see it again
when I wasn't tired. And it's just the whole thing. It's definitely anti-illuminati. It is not
a revelation of the method, externalization of the hierarchy. Do you agree with that analysis?
Yeah, no, totally, totally. The thing I called yesterday to bring up, I mean, you haven't
touched on this yet. But have you seen the, or just do you know about the associated press
yesterday being hacked? Yeah, and saying the White House had been blown up?
Yeah, I mean, I didn't really see much press about that.
And I know you guys haven't discussed it yet, but I wondered what your insights of that was.
Okay, well, the Syrian Free Army really is Syrian hackers, and they hacked CBS and put out stuff
like the government's funding Al-Qaeda. It was all basically Assad stuff, so that was accurate,
as I've seen them hack before. They did stuff like hack satellites with the Russians and
show that the US, not the US, the globalists have hijacked our country. Might as well be aliens for
that part. I mean, it's the same thing. It might as well be like slugs that climb in Obama's ear
and are running it from planet Pop-Tart. That's how evil they are, how anti-human they are.
I mean, they literally are just anathema. They're oblivion to everything in our society.
But I believe they're doing that to get CISPA through the Senate. Because you can tell when
they do a hack and it's ineffectual and it doesn't really hurt them. I mean, if there were hacks
saying this CIA group is involved kidnapping kids and doing snuff films, you'd know it's real.
But if it's a hack of something silly or something that makes it look like the president's under
threat, that's them. Cuz see, that fits into Olympus' falling. That I haven't seen. I have
no desire to see that film. Programming, programming. Yeah, no, I saw it and it was
like half cops in the audience shuffling around. And it was like programming. It was like fake
battle programming. They have to have an enemy, they believe they're fighting. So they have to
have an occasional bombing and hype it up. But it's just programming, the brain takes it as real.
So cops are walking around looking behind dumpsters and doing head rolls and in the shower,
like Al Qaeda's everywhere. Meanwhile, the New World Order runs America. The devil force runs
America, runs the world, and runs Al Qaeda. But see, it just doesn't compute. I'm like, hey, cops,
government runs Al Qaeda. Here's Reuters. Yeah, that's what Al Qaeda'd probably say,
Jones. You with them? And now the AP says I'm with them, see? And must be true. I mean,
I'm so evil, I don't love the government. I mean, I must be with Al Qaeda.
Thank you for the call, Nick. We're gonna go to break here in a moment, come back with
Lindsey Williams with Breaking News here. Derek, and I'm told we now have him on the
lines. We're going to him in a moment. Thank you for joining us, Lindsey. Let's go to Derek
in Canada. You're on the air, sir. Go ahead. Hey, Alex. Good show today, man.
Thank you. I'd like to address a popular photo circulating and possible use of actors involved
at the actual bomb site. The one I'm talking about in particular, the media's really showing
this a lot, of the guy with supposedly just lost two of his legs being helped by a guy in a cowboy
hat, and he's on a wheelchair. There's actually a series of photos on this guy, but if someone has
done sort of like a closer kind of look at the close-up shots of the bomb site itself, and it
shows a hooded man in sunglasses, what looks like he's like dropping the guy on the ground, and then
like all these sort of other suspicious-looking photos where, I mean, there's no actual blood
squirting from this guy's two legs. Well, that's because they would have put a tourniquet on it.
Let me just stop something here. They clearly had actors on 9-11 go and put out the official story
over and over and over again that it was jet fuel that did it,
pancaking, and then it fell into its own footprint.
They clearly announced Building 7 had fallen before it fell. They false started on that,
but the event was real. Sandy Hook Aurora was real. They clearly have had, because we proved
this and I didn't even go with it, cuz I said the media will attack us. We found two of the people
are actually pretty successful actors and admit their actors and even use their real names.
But I thought, well, maybe real actors could just actually be in the movie theater, but
the guy goes, here's my ticket. I was really there, and then he tells the official story.
And the other guy does it. So it looks like, yes, and the government loves you,
brought to you by Doritos, brought to you by Pepsi. I mean, it's like product placement,
propaganda placement. So that goes on. But then when you say no one was killed at Sandy Hook,
no, no, no, they like killing kids. That was a holiday for the folks that did it.
And you had people in the same camo pants and black shirt caught by local police,
who they were then ordered to release. And they said, that's a conspiracy theory,
even though the video and the arrest is actually on record. So yeah, there's the signs of them
involved, but they're gonna kill real people. They enjoy that. I mean, it's not just like
they don't care. They're in this job. The favorite thing is to kill little kids.
So that's my bottom line there. Thank you, Derrick. I mean, could they have actors with
fake legs blown off? I've seen people with a leg chopped off before. And it's turning it,
got around it, and they were in shock and turned white and just laid back. I mean, you can
have your legs blown off. And if they're not sliced off clean, they'll stop bleeding on their
own sometimes. But I don't wanna get into it with people, whatever. The media wants to go with that.
They don't wanna look at, Tamerlan now coming out was in the CIA and had aliases that's
mainstream news confirmed. They didn't even hide those facts now. That broke today.
They don't want you to know about the senator saying there was prior knowledge. They don't
want you talking about the drill, which was used as a smokescreen. They want you to focus on
no one died, and it's all a 3D projection from the Black Pyramid. Let's talk to Jenny
in California. You got about a minute and a half. We're going to break with Lindsay Williams. Go
ahead. Hey, Jenny, come on down. Welcome. I'm excited I finally got on.
So I'll say I actually just have a couple questions instead of any kind of comments.
When you talk about the martial law, you always say if it happened in Austin, you're not gonna
stay in your home. You're gonna, you know, go out and still live your life. I live here in
California, and I've actually heard of a couple events that may or may not happen. And, you know,
maybe my area might be closed down. So my question is, if I would not, you know, go with what they
go with what they do when they tried to come to my house, what do you think they will do to me?
Do you think they're going to put me in jail and make me the terrorist? That's what my question is.
No, no, look, they're gonna just keep staging this and get you used, just like they have the
children locked down, get in a fetal position so the death count can be higher, duck and cover when
the Russians A bomb you. They always say, do what we say, go into a catatonic position when we tell
you so they're in control. It's prisoner training. Okay, lock down everybody, hands up against the
walls. That's the Nazis, everybody up against the wall. This is prisoner training, TSA all of it is,
they admit it, they've written handbooks on it. But this is all control of the situation training.
And that we're all suspects and this cop, you know, that commented on info or said, hey,
we've got everybody's a suspect. We had to have the women come out with their hands up.
You know, who knows, maybe that blonde woman, maybe the black lady is an accomplice. You know,
everyone's a suspect but them who have a history of staging it.
And we're gonna skip this network break, obviously, and go to Williams here in a moment. So
if there's martial law, I'm not planning to go out and offensively fight with people.
What am I gonna do? Go fight with poor cops? I mean, they're literally brainwashed clones.
They might as well be the Tom Cruise character. I just want them to be free.
It's ridiculous. I mean, no, no, I'm trying to stop a civil war.
But once they start gun confiscations and burning down patriots' homes and doing all this,
and they'll shut down communications during this, people are gonna know,
especially military folks, and they're not gonna just wait for the cops to come to their house.
Once the cops are committing these crimes like redcoats,
under the rule of common law and our Declaration of Independence, they're open season.
And I've warned the police, the police know this. I mean, I've heard the local former,
local sergeant, Sergeant Sam, Sam Cox. I guess we could say we're friends. I've hung out with
him a couple times. He's come by the office, but I heard him on the radio a few weeks ago.
He goes, if they try to take the guns, there's gonna be a civil war.
The collateral damage will be incredible. People aren't turning their guns in. He goes,
and I'm not turning my guns in. And Larry Pratt's not turning his guns in, and none of us are.
My point is, this is horrible, but you're in the wrong. Don't cross this line. And look,
they're gonna start it, and they're gonna blow stuff up and blame it on us,
so they can be the good guys and we'll be the terrorists. I've told you this.
I mean, they're trying to connect me to the bombings now. I can read you the headlines
where Alex Jones influenced bombers, blah, blah, blah, it's everywhere.
And someday it'll be Alex Jones is arrested. And if they torture me hard enough, electroshock and
stuff, I won't even know who I am. They'll put me on sodium pentothal, roll me out, do an hour-long
taped interview until I finally say, I did it, yeah, I did it. They've got the younger brother
of Tamerlan who can't even talk, but they're in the news saying, he admits he did it, he's guilty.
I mean, that's the opposite of our free society. And they're all like, it's the Muslim threat.
Why is our president behind the Muslim threat? Because they're radicalizing Muslims to wreck
the Middle East, it's a public plan. It's called the class of civilizations. They want Shiite and
Sunni killing each other. Syria has been a stable country, that's why they're overtaking it.
Libya was a stable country, certainly not a fan of Gaddafi, but compared to Al-Qaeda,
he was a good guy. They're overthrowing it all. So I want the police to know,
you're not just gonna come burn down all our houses. You engage in enough atrocities,
people are gonna fight back. And the globalists don't care, they'll just get more drones.
You're seen as drones, you're seen as a clone. You are called a biological android by the
globalists. I've read stuff where Bertrand Russell, in the 40s, was calling police
and their minions programmable, that's what they call TV programming, like you're stupid.
Programmable human resources, biological androids.
I mean, I don't like being called an android myself. I'm not an android, okay?
I got free will, I can learn, I'm smart, and I'm just as good as you, New World Order.
I'm just as smart as you. I just don't have a flavor. I don't have a taste to dominate people.
I like to sit there and watch a movie with my wife and drink cold beer with a fat French
bulldog's head on my lap. I never get tired of that. I never get tired of gardening.
I never get tired of hunting and shooting. I never get tired of hiking. I never get tired
of seeing my family. I never get tired, and you think I'm a freak. Your textbooks say I'm a bad
guy. Thank you, man, for the call. All this stuff about how the family's bad. No, you're bad.
You're bad, and you just wanna abuse nice things. You wanna screw up nice things. Come on in, crew.
We have a short video clip of Adandi at the press conference showing him stand up and show
his pictures before getting surrounded by the bald Secret Service agent. All right,
we'll have that video added or uploaded to YouTube and added to Adandi Salazar's video
if you give it to Rob, or any of the crew, that'd be good. Good job. We'll show that coming up.
But absolutely, they do not like this information.
Use the promo code SPRING2013 for 20% off and like us on Facebook.
Independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down,
you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business,
boat, trailer, storage unit, or shed. Get simply safe.com. Simply Safe is also ridiculously easy
to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but Simply Safe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com.
But you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply
with eFoods Direct. Be prepared before you need it with nutrient-dense food you can store for up
to 25 years. You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you. Do what I've done and get your
own supply of the best, durable foods out there from eFoods Direct. Call 800-409-5633 or visit
them on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex and check out their spring specials. Again,
that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex. You can
bet your life on eFoods Direct. Do you suffer from low functioning adrenal or thyroid gland?
Did you know that mercury from your dental fillings comes off your teeth both as a vapor
and as metal particles into your body? Wherever mercury deposits in your body, it stops cells
from functioning normally. Animal studies show that mercury causes kidney function to drop by
60 percent. Mercury deposited into your adrenals or thyroid will cause a corresponding drop in
function. The number one method by which your body detoxifies itself of mercury is glutathione.
The number one superfood that helps turn on all 75 trillion cells of your body to produce glutathione
is non-denatured whey protein from grass-fed cows. After investigating most high-end whey proteins
on the market, only one is the most non-denatured, the most active, the most complete, and in our
opinion, the most powerful in what nature originally put into the fresh raw whey. It is
One World Whey. Call 888-988-3325. That's 888-988-3325 or visit OneWorldWhey.com. That's
OneWorldW-H-E-Y.com. Don't throw away leftovers. Instead, throw all your leftovers, vegetable peels,
eggshells, coffee grounds, pizza crusts, and more into the Bokashi. If you love to garden and
compost but don't like the hassle of turning a compost bin or the smell, then check out the
EM Bokashi Food Waste Recycling System from Tereganics. Finally, a way to recycle all your
food and plant waste safely and effectively and stop using fertilizers. The EM Bokashi Food Waste
Recycling System. Rather than decomposition, the Bokashi system uses fermentation to break down
waste so it takes less time to create nutrient-dense humus for crops or gardens with no turning and no
obnoxious odors. To learn more and order your Bokashi online, visit Tereganics.com and click
on the orange button. That's Tereganics.com, spelled T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X.com or call 866-369-3678.
That's 866-369-3678. Recycle all your food wastes in about six weeks with the Bokashi Food Waste
Recycling System from Tereganics.com. Tereganics, life's getting better. Hello, this is Ty Bollinger,
author of the best-selling book, Cancer Step Outside the Box. I want you to know some very
important information. In 1985, President Ronald Reagan requested that Carnivora be sent directly
to the White House at a time when only the President could obtain this world-class healer.
Now, 27 years later, Carnivora capsules are used around the world to keep people healthy.
Now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in this age of superbugs with 17 naturally occurring
compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal cells only without harming a single normal cell.
If you want to stay healthy, now's your chance to literally wake up your critical immune cells
to attack harmful invaders that don't belong in your body.
Call 1-866-VenusFly or order from Carnivora.com. That's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A dot com. That's 1-866-836-8735
1-866-VenusFly or visit Carnivora.com. Protect your immune system. It's the only one you've got.
By the way, here's the info up at Infowars.com right now. Illegal immigrant testifies before
Senate Judiciary Committee wants American Dream for her 11 million cohorts. But I can't go to
Mexico. That's predominantly the majority of this group. I can't go there and then get a bunch of
free stuff for myself. That's up at Infowars.com. But then you look over here at DrudgeReport.com,
Obama administration paying people to recruit folks onto food stamps. That's Washington Post.
Traud more than doubles in three years. That's CNN News. Report IRS issued billions
in improper tax refunds. Yeah, right here in Austin, one house got something like $89 million.
They didn't get in trouble either. It's kind of like the guy they think sent to Ryerson.
He's probably was put up to it by him. If you look at the intel, then now he has to be let go.
He said he's part of a secret army for Obama. It is an army of just lawlessness. Man, these people
are sick. And the legal immigration is over the top cuz here's the deal. Just like the supposed
bomber patsies, we're headed to New York City to party and we're on all this welfare and had
elite tuitions paid for. Folks, when you're a citizen and you are seen as a libertarian or
conservative, you don't get anything. All the doors are shut to you because you're seen as
coming from a culture of guns and liberty. The globalists are bringing in foreigners not to
make them Americans, but because they come from countries where they're slaves, they'll play ball.
And this is a sadistic takeover because the globalists have a score to settle with America.
We're gonna be leveled. Just remember that, folks. Lindsey Williams, we're almost out of
time. I'm gonna go into overdrive and get calls here. But the time we have right now,
bottom line, they are trying to impoverish the world and that's the stated plans of the globalist.
It's the stated plans to get our pension funds and bank accounts. What do you got on the war front
from your associate? You're saying a number of months. How long till they,
cuz I know Congress is talking about lovingly taking over retirement accounts to safeguard them,
but also tax them. This is after tax money. Thank you for listening to GCN.
Visit GCNlive.com today.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cow
Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091
for a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice
as good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and you will
love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091
for a free catalog. Coast to Coast, direct from Austin. You're listening to the Alex Jones
Broadcasting Network. Big Brother. Mainstream media. Government cover-ups. You want answers?
Well, so does he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
All right, we're in the fourth hour of overdrive. I want to welcome the
stations that follow us here. I used to do four hours. I went back to three because I
do the nightly news, but I end up doing four. So I should have just said the show's always four hours
because some stations quit carrying the fourth hour, which is a tragedy. And so did XM.
So because I pointed out it wasn't live, they didn't know for years it wasn't live,
but it's live a lot of the time now and we're live, ladies and gentlemen.
I got to reset and recap. It's like living in a movie, having my life. And I don't say
that in an excited way. It's a big responsibility and I'm just a regular guy and I'm not up to all
this. But I try to be as moral as I can, I try to be the best person I can. And also at the same
time, try to pay our way to fight the globalist so we can fund ourselves without being under
globalist funding or control. There's just so much going on in this world. Let's go to your
phone calls. I'm gonna recap the top stories. Some big breaking news that is just epic.
The big brother on record documents released in Georgia training under a CIA program,
which we already knew. It's like never ending. Why did it have to be the government again?
It's so creepy to see all those Boston cops involved in it as well.
I mean, and I'm not saying they're involved doing it, but going along with it. And they
grabbed that guy and cut his larynx out immediately. They wanted him dead, but the
media had the live feed of it. It's just horrible. But I mean, that's what they do all day long. I
mean, they'll cluster bomb Iraqis and make jokes about it and watch the videos back at base like
it's fun. You have empathy for a reason, folks. It's all gonna come back on us.
Jordan in Missouri, a shoddy national suspect here on the air. That's the
point you wanna raise? Go ahead, brother. Yeah, Alex, it's good to talk to you, man.
I salute you and your team for what you do. You put your lives on the line. I appreciate it and
so does everyone else. And I've been waking up a lot of people about this stuff. But anyways,
I wanted to ask you about that Saudi national, cuz I don't know if you've seen it. But Glenn
Beck was on YouTube saying, I give Obama till Monday to tell the truth about the Boston bombing.
But I'm gonna release information on the Saudi national. And of course, he never came out and
said anything about it. And that's Glenn Beck for you. Don't stick to his word.
He loves suckering people. He's a nasty, I'm not gonna take it back. He knows there's FEMA camps,
the legislation, the bills, the civilian inmate labor camp guys pull up in a reeducation camp
army manual, army.mil. Show it to viewers. I'll give people the FM number. And he knows all that
and builds it up. It's real. I'm gonna expose it in one month and then makes fun of everybody
and says it isn't real and shows the straw man. And I said, he'll come out and admit this guy's
on a terror watch list or his family was in Saudi Arabia and that the White House covered it up.
That was all already in the news. And it's just like, talk about over-promising, under-delivering.
We are the opposite here, which is actually a problem I have. I need to learn how to build
stuff up because we under-promise, over-deliver. And I mean, we have these guys are CIA.
We have them as set up patsies. The only way that it isn't a staged inside job,
and it's one in a thousand, is that they were triple agents and double-crossed.
Cuz see, they were CIA. They were used to infiltrate Muslim mosques and stuff,
which is the perfect cover. The perfect cover to have somebody talking about how they're gonna
blow stuff up so that they look like a terrorist later. But they had McVeigh spying on militias,
going around talking about terror everywhere. That way, when they actually blew something up
and blamed him as a patsy, and he was there, by the way, part of the operation, part of the sting,
he thought, then they would be able to say, see, he walked around saying he was a terrorist
at all these gun shows and things. So I'm a little bit tired today for whatever reason.
Got to bed late, got up so early. I'm just so sick of it all. It makes my head hurt.
It makes my head hurt to have the articles up at Infowars.com right now,
where the Russian news and the Georgian news is reporting. And now the police state measures
of the Kentucky Derby. God, now you can't take your own chair or cooler. You gotta buy it all
there. Yeah, just wreck it all cuz somebody might bring a bomb in. My God. Why don't people say,
hey, we're really Boston strong, Boston brave. We're not gonna check any of the backpacks.
You know what? Your terrorism doesn't affect us. No, it's the opposite.
Guess who will be there? Hi, I'm Dr. Joel Wallach, the dead doctors don't lie guy.
And I prescribe the healthy body challenge and I'll be there. Hi, this is pharmacist Ben Fuchs,
and I'm taking the healthy body challenge and I will be there. Hi, I'm Dr. Peter Glidden. I'm
doing the healthy body challenge and I'll see you at the Young Jevity conference in May. Take the
healthy body challenge and don't miss the Young Jevity convention in Las Vegas, Nevada, May 2nd
through 4th. For more information, go to infowarsteam.com. Infowarsteam.com. That's
info wars team.com. Imagine waking one morning only to find your family shivering in the dark
because you couldn't afford to pay your electric bill. That's closer than you think. You probably
haven't heard about this yet because the liberal media has been suppressing what is fast becoming
the most shocking news story of 2012. Obama's secret war on coal that could increase your
already high power bill as much as 400% in coming months. As shocking as it sounds, it may well be
just a matter of time before the lights start going out across America. But here's some good
news. There's an underground video at exposed123.com that thousands of smart patriots have used to
end their slavery to the corrupt electricity monopoly. The video at exposed123.com has
already been banned by Google and the liberal media is doing everything in its power to take
it down and keep America in the dark. So watch it now at exposed123.com before it's too late. Again,
that's exposed123.com. Are you an inventor or do you know an inventor who would like to attempt to
have an invention or idea patented and submitted to industry? For free information on how to
proceed, phone toll free 1-800-977-6119. Inventhelp, America's leading invention
company, has inventors information you can have free. Get an informative brochure and other
material of interest to new inventors from the company whose patent referrals have helped secure
more than 7,000 patents. Learn how to get your free information by dialing 1-800-977-6119.
That's 1-800-977-6119. Even if you only have an idea for improving an existing product and don't
know where to go with it, you'll want this free inventors information. It shows how Inventhelp
may assist you in trying to patent your invention and submit it to industry. It's a free call.
That's 1-800-977-6119. 1-800-977-6119. The Genesis Communications Radio Network
proudly presents the Alex Jones Show because there's a war on for your mind.
We're usually recording CNN, Fox and a bunch of others when there's breaking news
and I believe we were taping. I was almost late getting back in here in studio. It's 208 Central
time on this Wednesday edition. I was almost late. Mischa, the foggy guy overseas that says
Tamerlan and his brother, the two brothers, were Alex Jones listeners. And it's all because of Alex
Jones, the shadowy influence. They're now admitting no one can find him and there's no proof.
Is Mischa at Lanely, Virginia? Is that where Mischa is?
I mean, I'm on air here, folks, and they've got a senator. Will you guys cue up the senator clip?
They've got a senator coming out, Chambliss.
Oh, my headset just fell off. I got in here so quick. It's like rocket science, the tape back
there. We had a big meeting and how many people does it take to get a thing recorded? But when
DVRs are running, you can always back them back out. Yeah, who is Mischa? And that's Tamerlan's
friend had strong religious beliefs. That's who did it. And they're on there admitting
they can't find Mischa. Maybe Mischa is the same guy who
was involved in having the drill. Maybe Mischa is behind everything. So
this is really getting hard to deal with at this point.
Chambliss, a law enforcement agency, may have had info about Boston bombing in advance.
Georgia Senator Saxby Chambliss told Channel 2 Action News last night that the law enforcement
agency may have had information in advance of the Boston bombings that wasn't properly shared.
Oh, gee, think so? And now it's come out in the Russian news and mainline news,
Boston bombers roll in the CIA and Chechen terror and Islamic terror from caucus's next phase and
plan to undermine liberty, part of the Jamestown's Abigna Brzezinski group. And then they have the
Secret Service running around telling us, do we have the clip of Chambliss? Okay, good.
Then we have the Secret Service running around, coming up to our reporters saying,
don't hand out photos, don't talk to the press. That video's up on infowars.com now,
and photos of it. I mean, they are scared to death. And I mean, I'm just sitting here
watching all this happen in front of me, and it's just completely blowing me away.
So let's go ahead and go to that clip of the senator and then back to your phone calls.
Senator Saxby Chambliss told Channel 2 Action News within the past hour
that a law enforcement agency may have had information in advance of the Boston bombings,
information that was not properly shared. First, bringing you up to date on the investigation
tonight, two officials say that Tamerlan Tsarnaev liked to look at extremist websites.
He died in a violent getaway attempt last week. His younger brother remains in a hospital. Today,
we found out that he is in fair condition. And Senator Chambliss talked to us about the
information that was not shared with law enforcement. He wouldn't elaborate on the
agency or what the information was. There now appears that there may have been some
evidence that was obtained by one of the law enforcement agencies that did not get shared
in a way that it should have been. If that turns out to be the case, then we have to determine
whether or not that would have made a difference. Today, we learned 50 people are still in the
hospital in the Boston area. Some of them are now without limbs.
Uh-huh. Land of the free, home of the brave. Again, the article is up at infoawards.com right now.
Right now, we have the headline, Tamerlan attended CIA sponsored workshop. He had aliases.
He had it all. And Kurt Nemo has been adding to that article since it broke.
Uh, we need to add the whole history of it. The head of the MI6,
you know, the head of the bombing on 77 was MI6. It just goes on and on and on and on.
That story needs to get out to everybody. Cuz, you know, we tend to put out one article about
something about, look, he had an alias they let him use, which shows he was an intelligence
operative. Hey, look, the Russians inquired about him to blow his cover. Hey, look,
now he's hanging out at a Zbigniew Brzezinski CIA training system to infiltrate and kick the
Russians out of different countries. I mean, this is incredible. And they're not there to kick the
Russians out to bring freedom. They're there to put in Al-Qaeda to turn the place into a
Stone Age hellhole, like Libya and Syria. I mean, it's so immoral, but they want to do that to
America too. They're wrecking America. And then using the threat, American Free Press, UK
Bilderberg 2013 meeting confirmed. That makes me think it might not be confirmed.
Because it's been all over the map, you know, thinking it was in the US and stuff,
but I know they put out this info. Good job for them getting that.
Watson has, I think she confirmed it about a month ago, or I guess three weeks ago. So,
there's the AFP podcast where they're talking about it, so.
But it looks like that is the case, so. AFP, Mark Anderson. Hey, get Mark Anderson on,
guys, in the next few days for a quick pop in. We've got Mark's number on the computer,
at least we did 100 times ago. But we need to get Mark Anderson on American Free Press,
UK Bilderberg 2013 meeting confirmed. And it's an Infowars.com story. And he got an
email from a Grove employee apparently confirming UK based Bilderberg meeting
this coming June. Anderson writes, an email replied AFP from the Grove staffer and
a check with the hotel website. Yeah, we've actually been by there.
Calendar confirmed the hotel is booked solid June 5th through the 9th. The Bilderberg meeting
itself, by all the latest indications, is to take place June 6th of the 9th. This updates
the recent AFP report that stated England was likely general meeting location. But the meeting
would be held June 9th, the 11th at the time the hotel with the meeting was to be held was not yet
known. We should probably, just not that I care, but just for accuracy, we should probably add
that it was Infowars.com that confirmed it was England. Just watch this, Infowars.com.
Bilderberg, Bilderberg in England.
And there's a story, April 13th, a confed set to take place in Watford, UK.
Paul Joseph Watson's, I guess it was two weeks ago. I think he had one before that too. Hotel
staff told high profile group will descend on luxury venue. I don't care, it's a great article
our Infowars guy wrote. I'm happy to promote what Anderson's doing, he's a good guy. Hope to have
him on this year if I don't go. I'll have him on regardless, I'll be sending somebody. I kind of
like to hide out in the shadows though, I don't like being a rock star, I'll be honest with you.
It's pretty amazing when I go to these things, what happens to the press.
I like hot dogs, but I don't want to go to a hot dog eating contest and eat 100 of them,
you know what I mean? It's just kind of like, will you guys have this article added to the
one that's on Infowars so people can actually see photos of the facility and the rest of it.
And I believe, yeah, we got the date right whenever we reported it.
Let me see if that's the same thing that American Free Press has got
on their deal. Yeah, they got six of the ninth too. Okay, that's enough of me.
Let's go to your phone calls. Clint in Kentucky, hey, you don't have due process anymore. They
said they can stop and frisk anybody they want. Cuz the terrorists in Kentucky, land of the free
home of the brave, huh? No, not anymore. I was gonna say, man, I was on hold yesterday when you
had to close the show out. I really wanted to talk to you yesterday because I could hear a disgust.
I could hear anger in your voice. And I want to let you know that not only am I praying for you,
for your safety, your strength, and your patience, but I want to ask that all your listeners say a
prayer for you. You're really out there doing a good thing. Well, I get mad because it's like
watching somebody cram their hand in a garbage disposal and turn it on. And even when their
hand's chopped up saying, no, my hand's not chopped up. I mean, this new order is bad.
And it is painful to watch it metastasize. Go ahead.
The Saudi national, I don't want to get into the exact same things that y'all have been,
but wasn't it, didn't Obama stop in his name and Michelle Obama stop in his name, correct?
Yes, they acted very, very suspicious, but- Well, here's what I want to say.
Now they found one of them dead in the lake. Yeah, go ahead.
Yeah, Mr. President, I'm paying your salary. So I would really like to know what you were doing
on the clock, stopping in. I want to know what the meeting was about because I paid your salary.
And I think if we push it enough, we may not be able to get the answer that we want,
but at least we'll heat them up and not have to give us some kind of answer.
Let me ask you this question. Why do you think the Secret Service
would go to a meeting that Obama and no other cabinet people are at
and get in the face of a reporter that was going to bring up a drill?
Well, I'll tell you exactly why, because I used to be on the other side of the fence.
I used to be the one not making the right choices. When you flip like that, it's because you know
you're in the wrong and the only way to stop the person in the right is to intimidate them.
And that's it. I mean, if you use intimidation, if that doesn't work, you really get scared
because most of the time those people aren't tough. That's why they need numbers. They're
not tough. They don't know what real war is about. So if the intimidation doesn't work,
basically we push them in a corner and they're in a bad shape.
Well, no, they're going to blow stuff up and blame it on us. It's what they do.
They were going to blame the Tea Party. It didn't work. And so now they fell back to Muslims. So
they probably actually had plant the bombs. They were CIA, definitely the older brother.
That's confirmed now. All over the map, he was one of their minions, not an agent,
or quote, officer, as they call them. But they tried to then say, well, a foggy guy,
here's his first name. He says Alex Jones made him do it. And then now they're on CNN.
Imagine walking by in the coffee room and they're talking about, what's the name?
I don't have the AP article in front of me. Chamis, Chamis, how do you say it?
You're all, huh? Yeah, Chamis. And they've got it on screen. I've got the article right here.
Let me find it. Yeah, Chamis says Alex Jones, in full words. I mean, it's like, come on, man.
I expose them so they write me into it. What, are you going to find a
cooker bomb at my house next to you, jackasses?
Let's skip this network break. Let's talk to PJ in Boston on the Boston bombing,
and insider trading. It's always important to look at insider trading,
cuz they always do that when it's staged. I forgot to look at that telltale sign.
We should create a checklist for people for false flags. Do they work for intelligence agencies?
Was there a drill? Did law enforcement be told to stand down? All that's coming out.
Did they have aliases? Did they try to kill the patsies? Maybe they can have Jack Ruby walk up to
the other brother who's had his larynx cut out, and just have him go. And then they can kill Jack
Ruby too. Maybe zombie Jack Ruby like, get rid of Patsy. I mean, how dumb do you have to be, people?
I'm sorry. And this is not a Tetris effect here where you play Tetris long enough that
it's called the Tetris syndrome. Everything looks like Tetris. It's not, I'm a hammer,
everything's a nail. Believe me, I don't want this to be an inside job.
It just happens to be that, and now I'm being connected to it. I told you they were gonna
try to blame us for it. It's so funny. It's not funny though. I'm sorry, PJ, finish your point.
All right. So, back in 2012, they signed into law the Stock Act. It basically shows Congress
and how they're doing inside trading. It's supposed to disclose their financial information.
But when the Boston bombing happened, at the same time, Obama signed into law the Stock Act,
S-T-O-C-K Act rollback at the same time that the bombing was happening. So instead of us being
able to see what their financial information is on the internet, now we can't. And I think they're
getting bad now. I think we really need to see who's getting paid and who's not. We need to find
out where the money's going at this point. No, no, no. Don't look into things. That's extreme.
Sir, the government loves you. Have you had your shots today?
Alex, I'm going to every bullion program and every single silver is delayed. All of them,
10 ounce, 100 ounce, one ounce, it doesn't matter what it is, gold and silver, they're all delayed.
I'm trying to get one right now. They're all delayed. They're all sold out.
I don't know if Midas Resources is sold out of gold. No, no, since the price went down,
the globalists are using that to buy it. And that's what I've been told is that gold's
actually sales are way up. Cuz people just are actually understanding they used a paper market
to drive it down. I haven't sold any gold or silver I had. Thank you so much. Great points, PJ.
By the way, Steve Watson did a report. It's actually a serious report. Alert,
Spider-Man linked with Boston bombers. Michael Jackson, Game of Thrones, Finding Nemo
could also be involved. Because that was on their Facebook and other social media accounts.
And since some foggy guy said they listened to me, it's my fault. So by extension,
it's Spider-Man. Alert, Spider-Man linked with Boston bombers, Michael Jackson, Game of Thrones,
Finding Nemo could also be involved, obviously. You know that fish, man, that fish acts friendly.
You know the American people are like the fish that can't remember anything?
Like it knows Nemo and she's always like, who are you again?
Who are you again? Dory, yeah, I'm like, now the First Amendment says we have the right to
religion and the government has no jurisdiction. Who are you again? Dory should be the new American
mascot. You're kidding, they're coming out with a sequel calling Finding Dory?
Wow, while she gets lost? Okay, that is a good movie. I'm telling you right now, folks,
that we've thought is that the ostrich is the new American symbol?
Is it a TSA officer shoving their hand up your rump? No, no, no, we need something more
friendly. Dory will be the new national symbol and everyone will forget the American flag ever
existed and that will be the new flag. But they won't even know what that is with all the fluoride.
Is that not genius? The new American flag will be Dory. For people that don't know,
can we pull up Dory? I love the sharks in that movie. It's like, hello there friend,
yeah, the big smile. Let's go ahead, there you go. Here's Dory the blue fish, of course,
you can't remember that. What is that? Is that a fish? Someday if you even know if something's
a fish, you'll be like a genius. That man is a genius. He has an IQ of 52. He's able to breathe.
Let's go ahead and talk to John in Colorado, shutting down the missile defense base,
whatever that is. What's the missile defense base? Hello, who's the caller? Who did I say
I was going to? Hello, hello? I love my government. I love my Obama. I love my free medical care,
though it's not free. Hello, hello? He said he wouldn't raise my taxes. I'm sorry, go ahead.
What's your name? Hey, Alex, John. Who are you? What? John. I'm sorry, I don't remember your
name. What is it again? John. Okay, well, you're being a conspiracy theorist telling me you know
how to talk. Go ahead. No. Hey, I have a friend of the family who's been working out at Buckley
Air Force Base for 40 years. Father worked there, now the son works there. He works for a private
defense contractor. They were told about a month and a half ago that Buckley Air Force Base,
you're not familiar with, they're the huge golf balls when you fly into Denver International
Airport, but they provide all the missile warning, missile defense, technology, all that basically
homeland security stuff, but they were told that this division that runs the whole thing was told
that they were going to shut down within the next two months. The mother was absolutely irate.
The father said that the father had worked there for 35 years, so the United States
will have absolutely no security whatsoever once this is closed down.
I mean, I searched Buckley Air Force Base to close. It seems like I heard something about that,
but has that not been announced yet? There's 92,000 people that work out there,
so this is just a particular division that runs the satellite warning early missile defense system.
And like I said, the father, without going into any detail,
said we will have absolutely no defense warnings whatsoever.
Well, he also might be compartmentalized. They've launched a bunch of floating ones.
I mean, I was down at Corpus Christi a few years ago and watched this giant one launch,
took photos of it, and then a year later saw it in National Geographic talking about the launch of it.
But yeah, I saw some deal where they were saying they were going to not have missile defense as
part of a deal with China on the West Coast. So of course, look, a government with nukes
with missiles is not a threat. The threat is the veterans and gun owners and fathers.
Yeah, there it is. May the force stay with us, protecting Buckley Air Force Base from closure.
There's the Aurora Sentinel reporting on that. And it says they are shutting parts of it down,
so there you go. Well, sir, we need the army to spy on tea partyers. I mean,
did you not hear that it's all my fault the bombings now? It's gone from,
I say we should look at the government. They go, really, Jones? You did it.
What do you think of that? King Jones.
Well, it's just I'm so powerful right now. And a quick question or comment about the
Boston thing. I don't know if you saw this this morning, but came out that the public
defender is going to be the same public defender that defended the shoe bomber.
And that he also admitted to the crime before his read, his read his Miranda rights.
Oh, no, no, yeah, yeah, no, they're coming out with a guy they chopped the throat out of
right after he was fired. I'm fine. Oh, really? You're not fine now. Box cutters. And we'll take
care of you, pal. And now he admits he's guilty. Well, you know why they're so desperate? Because
it was an intelligence operation. Did you hear me that it's come out that Tamerlan was in a CIA
program and he had aliases? This is confirmed about the alias stuff. I mean, they definitely
set this up. Yeah, a shoe bomber lawyer to represent the Boston bombing suspect.
The shoe bomber had an IQ of about 60 and tried a light plastic explosive.
They're saying that she's excellent, tough, and tenacious. And why should it be one of the
best defense lawyers that a man could get without paying for it? I just thought that was-
Yeah, yeah. Well, if they ever set me up, that's not the one I want.
It's like, this great white shark really protects you from sharks in the water now.
Go stick your legs in its mouth. It'll take good care of you. Kangaroo courts, man. All right,
thank you. Yeah, John brought that up. We were able to confirm everything he said.
I'm out of time. I apologize to a lot. Lisha, Chris, Farouk, and Mike, I've got a giant headache
now. And I'm gonna end the transmission. We're gonna go to rebroadcast after this break at the
streams at m4wars.com. But the Nightly News is back tonight, 7 o'clock Central Standard Time.
I think it'll be live tonight. We got a bunch of special reports that are gonna premiere,
they've been working on for days. 7 o'clock Central, if you're not a prisonplanet.tv member,
it will not cure your cancer. But it will, that's a joke, folks, a little inside joke.
But it will help cure the tyranny. 11 memberships for 595. One membership,
11 people can simultaneously log in with it. Get it, share it, get everybody to tune in tonight,
7 o'clock Central, prisonplanet.tv. You can also, we're gonna stop tonight with the free
video stream cuz the bill's too big, with m4wars.com forward slash listen. But still
on that page will be the listen and some of the videos we'll post there. But I just can't pay for
it. We got a big donor coming in, then we'll be able to have free video for everybody. We're
trying to do an ad system to have ads on it, but it hadn't worked yet. So where we can pay to give
you the daytime show at least free, cuz we wanna reach more people, that's the goal. But
prisonplanet.tv support us. We're on the very front line, ladies and gentlemen,
buy your war bonds for the five of the republic, m4wars.com.
