Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Ladies and gentlemen, huge geopolitical movements on this Tuesday, the 19th day of March, 2013.
The Syrian government is saying that chemical weapons have been launched by Al Qaeda forces
against them. People are suffocating in the streets. The air smells strongly of chlorine.
That shows some type of chemical gas. And of course, the White House and Benjamin Netanyahu
have said that that would be a red line if that happened. And the public, as I've been
saying last year, we need to get Syrian girl back on, as they hype the fact that Assad
would use chemical weapons, they've segued into any use of chemical weapons as a reason
to invade.
And we just saw Israel and the United States in the press yesterday and the day before
that on Sunday, calling for strikes in Syria on Al Qaeda before they use chemical weapons
against Assad and then implying it's Assad's fault. Assad is the one being attacked. The
Syrians are the ones being invaded out of Turkey, out of other NATO-backed areas like
Jordan. And it's all on record, but they know the general public can't even find Syria on
a map, much less even understand the different parties.
And so the news this morning is calling for basically the bombardment or invasion of Syria
because the West put Al Qaeda and other jihadis in there. They're now basically calling for
some type of invasion to keep everyone safe from the chemical weapons that Al Qaeda has
that clearly the West has given them.
And of course, there's Russians inside the country guarding the legally owned chemical
weapons. A lot of people think they have chemical weapons, that's a reason to be invaded. Well,
then every Western country in the world would have to be invaded. Most nations have chemical
and biological weapons.
And my issue is Syria has never invaded anybody. Syria is not attacking anybody. I don't particularly
wanna live under a Alawite minority rule. They claim they have a mid-level elections
there, but it is a dictatorship for all intents and purposes. But they're not attacking anybody
and we don't have a right to go attack them, much less use Al Qaeda.
Much less use Al Qaeda to overtake the country to then put in something 10 times worse than
Assad conservatively. So just unprecedented, bizarro, absurdist land now, where we've got
a peace prize winning president launching attacks in 10 different African countries.
Engage in all sorts of mass murder, injecting jihadis in to engage in ethnic cleansing in
Libya and other areas, while being praised as a wonderful peacenik. And now the London
Telegraph, CBS News, they're all reporting it looks very credible that some type of chemical
weapon has been used and at least 25 people are dead right now.
That number probably will unfortunately rise. Now when our troops got hit by chemical weapons
from Saddam's chemical bases being blown up, and thousands of chemical detectors went off
including chemical tape that just picks it up. You don't really get false positives with
that. They told them, never mind, you didn't really get hit by nerve gas.
And then of course, hundreds of thousands had neurological disorders, tens of thousands
have died. And so you just pretend it isn't happening. And so you'll probably see that
as well. So here's the article from yesterday. I actually had it here in my stack. Will you
guys print me, just so I have it when we come back from break, Israel calls for strikes
inside of Syria.
And US calls for strikes against Al Qaeda in Syria. So I mean, everybody knows that
was on the news the last few days, but I wanna have that. Syrian rebels regime blame each
other for first alleged chemical weapons attack. So now it's gonna be, Assad probably did it.
I mean, this is just too amazing. That is all coming up and a lot more, stay with us.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions
are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you
for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective
against bacteria, viruses, moles, and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver
has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com, use the promo code prepared for 20% off your
entire order, and like us on Facebook. You may be arrested and or subject to other police
action. Tyranny is here. The grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality. It really says
that the state is God. The United States is now recognized globally as one of the most
oppressive police states on earth. This film conclusively proves the existence of a secret
network of FEMA camps now being expanded nationwide. This documentary exposes how the continuity
of government program has established an all-powerful shadow state. Police State 4 chronicles the
sickening depths to which our republic has fallen. Prepare to enter the secretive world
of emergency dictatorship, body scammers, sound cams, citizen spies, stage terror, and
murders on every street corner. It's only the beginning of the New World Order's hellish
plan. The police state isn't coming. It's here. Secure your copy today at infowars.com
or see it online in the highest quality at prisonplanet.tv.
Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates. We have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
From enemies, foreign and domestic, it's Alex Jones. All right, it is Tuesday, the 19th
day of March, 2013. I am your host, Alex Jones. Coming up, congressmen ask big sis to explain
huge ammo purchases. This is on YouTube and C-SPAN, but it's not been picked up anywhere
by the press until now by Paul Joseph Watson. It is up at infowars.com and prisonplanet.com.
Continuing, we have a bunch of developments on the robbery going on where they've declared
a bank holiday until at least Thursday, halted trading in the stock market in Cyprus as the
Cyprian population panics. And we've got the former ex-checker, chancellor, the former
finance minister, the former secretary of the treasury basically in England, warning
of bank runs across Europe, saying this is total theft that is going on and will destroy
confidence.
Well, that's what it's designed to do. Bloomberg, of all people, his Bloomberg editorial board,
not Bloomberg himself, has come out saying that the Cyprus bailout is the worst thing
Europe has done in the entire crisis. Yeah, no kidding, it's a trial balloon. And so we're
going to be breaking down also what the head of PIMCO has come out and said about this,
saying it could lead to civil unrest and is robbery. So all of that is coming up today.
Also, I haven't talked about this since it broke the last few days, but I did a little
bit of research into it. And so I'll give you my take on the Bible show that's such
a huge hit that we don't watch a lot of TV and my children watch it. We allow them to
watch it.
Just to give you an example, it has about five times the ratings of other top shows
on cable and the establishments pulling their hair out because people are sick of all the
destructive negativity, all the anti-family, anti-God garbage. But of course, it was pointed
out as a meme online that even before Glenn Beck did it, I saw it last week. In fact,
weeks ago, people were saying this guy looks like Obama, the guy that plays the devil.
And so I have a point I'm going to make later in the hour about that. Yes, ladies and gentlemen,
Obama is the anti-Christ. Obama is the anti-Christ. But as the Bible says, there are many anti-Christ.
So I'm going to go over those quotes and give you my perspective, not the anti-Christ, a
anti-Christ. Of course, the television is the one-eyed eye of Sauron or the anti-Christ
being pumped full of venom towards you and your family. And I guess the devil is the
prince of the power of the air. So that is coming up today as well.
We're also going to get into more on the global economy, not just what's happening in the
euro. Also, the feds are now moving to make children take anthrax shots. They've tried
three times to give the US military anthrax shots. And it killed so many people and doesn't
even protect you that they suspended it. And now they're going to try to tell people it's
the law to give their children that.
Right now they're trying to approve it for newborn babies. I mean, you might as well
just shoot them in the head right there on the spot. So that is coming up as well today.
Now let me first get into the top story, obviously. And we saw this coming last week. We saw it
this week. You notice last week, we can punch up my computer screen. I can show TV viewers
this.
There is March 15th, Los Angeles Times. That was over the weekend, or what, Friday or Saturday.
What day was the 15th? I guess Friday. And it says right there, CIA begins sizing up
Islamic extremists in Syria for drone strikes. Isn't that funny? And then on Sunday, Benjamin
Netanyahu, the Prime Minister of Israel, calls for Obama to have strikes inside.
Calls for strikes inside Syria to, quote, go after the chemical weapons. And they just
leave it out there as a nebulous report. And that was in Israeli Channel 2 News carrying
his press conference. Kurt Nemo wrote about it yesterday, Obama and Netanyahu to discuss
attacks inside Syria.
And a buffer zone to now take more of Syria and make it part of Israel, and then later
take more of Syria and make it part of Israel, and then later take more until there is no
Syria basically even left. And that's what's going on, and they're playing on the abject
total and complete ignorance of the general public about geopolitical issues, about the
factions in the region, about any of it.
And I told you, two and a half, three years ago when they started the Libya liberation,
the bombing campaign, and the lining up the black Libyans and shooting them, and the Al
Qaeda forces being brought into Benghazi by NATO. I said that they'll later have drone
strikes on the Al Qaeda forces and say they've got to keep US troops in Africa and use Libya
as a base to project Al Qaeda all over Libya to then invade other countries.
That's now all happened. That's all come out. They've had African leaders come out and say,
there are blonde haired, blue eyed men leading Al Qaeda. They work for NATO and Afrikan as
a pretext to take our country over. And the West will invade and take over the oil fields
of countries and diamond fields.
They've done this all over or they'll use the UN and the French as they did a few months
ago in one African country. And they'll actually say, we're here to protect you from Al Qaeda.
They're not even saying the governments are bad. They'll say, we're taking over to protect
you from Al Qaeda.
And the presidents and prime ministers will go, you are Al Qaeda. You did this, you blew
up the chemical plant, you attacked the oil refineries. And they're like, doesn't matter,
we're now controlling it. And so they'll put NATO and Afrikan troops just in the oil fields
sitting there on the natural resources.
And then it's in the back of the paper. America's fighting Al Qaeda. And it's Anglos, British
special forces, US special forces. There's reports, photos, black US citizen special
forces. Black guys, white guys with the white guys really stand out in Africa. And it's
just back of the paper. Just back of the paper that somebody just put this in really boiled
down terms.
Our government two and a half years ago starts attacking Libya, almost three years ago. While
their rocket attacking even had tanks and aircraft, they were calling them peaceful
protesters being killed by Gaddafi. Gaddafi was raping women with brigades of troops fueled
by Viagra. Wasn't true. But see, that's why the White House is so scared of this Obama
is the devil, Obama is Satan meme, just like Obama deception has now become the major meme
through my film.
It's been seen over 40 million times free online, the Obama deception. Because they
know the public's dumbed down to just Obama devil, Obama bad man. Of course, in his case,
that's actually true. But with Gaddafi, it's Gaddafi is raping women. CNN's reporting fueled
by Viagra. Turned out it was all made up, all fake. Libya, you get put in prison for
that.
But there's real raping going on by the jihadis they put in charge of areas of Syria they've
taken. And now areas that they've taken control of since they kicked Mubarak out and put al-Qaeda
light in control of Egypt. So it's very simple. The globalists are putting al-Qaeda and jihadis
and Saudi Arabian and Qatari and all these other special forces in advised by Mossad,
by Shin Bet, by MI6, by MI5, by CIA, by German special forces, French special forces that
I mentioned British, NATO, and they just publicly operate.
And they've invaded now in the last 22 months with over 100,000. Over 100,000 at any one
time, it's about 50,000. Al-Qaeda Taliban, some even out of Pakistan and Afghanistan,
and they are blowing up churches and synagogues. They are chopping Christians heads off on
TV. When we posted it on our YouTube channel, they banned the video, and then we had to
follow all sorts of stuff, even keep our websites up, our video sites up for the public.
Chopping Christian heads off, blowing up churches, and they've got about half of Syria under
their control. They've got about half of Syria under their control. And again, people go,
well, Assad's a bad guy. Really, his dad did some butchering, did some massacres compared
to Al-Qaeda. He was an angel as well. I certainly don't wanna live there. I'm not a Muslim.
I'm not an Alawite. I'm an American, but I support the Bill of Rights Constitution, and
I do not support preemptive, fraudulent, evil attacks, very evil, to inject Al-Qaeda into
Libya and Syria, to overtake them, and then to wreck the infrastructure, to screw the
countries up.
And then now they're announcing they're getting ready to bomb Al-Qaeda in Syria. And I guarantee
you when they do this, they're actually gonna bomb Syrian forces. Cuz the public doesn't
know the difference between Syria and the Syrian army and Assad and Al-Qaeda. And the
news is actually going along with this. And so Israel said that they were attacking chemical
weapons and stuff. They were killing Iranian generals that are there advising with Hezbollah.
And it doesn't matter, just lie to the public. And again, I'm not a fan of the mullahs and
what Iran's doing either, but they're not attacking us. And the globalists are trying
to start a fight with them too, because during that war, they can take our liberties at home.
You see, it's the New World Order that is here taking control of my life and your life.
It's the New World Order devaluing the dollar. It's the New World Order engaged in economic
shutdowns of our economy.
And so now, to go over the headlines here, you notice the red line. They said if any
chemical weapons get used, and before this happened, we told you, they're shipping chemical
weapons in. Wayne Madsen, Webster Tarpley, reporters that have been there, gone to Syria,
we've had on. And we've had Syrians on via Skype, and they said the word is they're bringing
chemicals in to use them and blame us.
Of course, Syria would never do that, because it gives a pretext for an invasion. And it's
not even a very good weapon against guerrilla forces you can't find, it's a weapon of terror.
So it'll turn the population against them, they would never use it. So now Syrian rebels,
regime blame each other for first alleged chemical weapon attack, at least 25 dead.
This is all going on today. And just yesterday, Obama and Netanyahu and the rest were saying
we've got to go attack or invade because of chemical weapons. And if Al Qaeda uses them,
we'll go in too. So you put Al Qaeda in to overthrow a sovereign nation, and then you
use Al Qaeda and then when they use chemical weapons, you invade and overthrow the government
you're attacking. Incredible.
Digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins. That bears repeating.
Digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins. And ProEM-1 daily probiotic
cleanse is the key to digestive health. ProEM-1 is a powerful liquid probiotic, strong enough
to cleanse, gentle enough to use every day. ProEM-1 is dairy, wheat and soy free, contains
all natural and certified organic ingredients, contains no preservatives or animal products,
supports a healthy digestive and immune system, supports weight loss, improves absorption
of food nutrients, aids in controlling yeast infections, is never freeze dried, and uses
three groups of live, viable, beneficial microbes to cleanse and remove toxins. Order ProEM-1
daily probiotic cleanse at Tereganics.com, spelled T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X.com, Tereganics.com,
or call toll free, 866-369-3678. That's 866-369-3678. ProEM-1, the raw probiotic.
March into big spring preparedness savings, this month at BePrepared.com. Going on now,
emergency essentials and BePrepared.com save you 28% off your favorite beef and chicken
combo entrees. Save 24% on number 10 cans of freeze dried raspberries, or save 26% on
our freeze dried strawberry slices with purchase of 12 or more. Katadyn pocket micro water
filters are 27% off. Try our fruit flavored hydro pack combo water filtering pouches in
March by five 10 packs for a 50% discount. Stock up on wheat with a year's supply of
grains for $70 off, only at BePrepared.com. And this month, power up with a Goal Zero
Sherpa 50 solar powered recharging kit at $110 off MSRP, and we'll throw in a free $50
emergency essentials gift card. The March sale ends March 31st at BePrepared.com. For
contents and details, call emergency essentials at 800-999-1863, or click BePrepared.com.
The choice is clear. Be unprepared or BePrepared.com.
100% chemical free superfoods and unique health products.
We the people grow cotton, wheat fabric, engrave ink, embed strips and fibers to protect from
counterfeit then carting to a private bank, having it lead back at interest, forcing taxes
to service debt. This capitalism, or was Jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing
the public currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than a standing
army? Hi, Ted Anderson. I'm placing a free silver dollar in a book that explains our
monetary system. Call for your copy. 800-686-2237. It's time to understand the system. Call
800-686-2237. That's 800-686-2237.
Time and time again. You need to come here and help us. We need assistance. Please. Those
we should be able to depend on, let us down. Federal and state and local officials saying
help is on the way. Well, the folks here in Bell Harbor say show me. Don't depend on the
government to save you. Take action now so that you're prepared for the next disaster.
At my patriotsupply.com get the best prices on storable food, non GMO seeds, water filtration
devices, home canning equipment, survival and self-reliance books, and more at my patriotsupply.com
call 866-229-0927. We are hurting down here and we need help immediately. Before it's
time to survive, it's time to prepare. My patriotsupply.com. My patriotsupply.com.
All right, folks, Alex Jones here back live. We're going to get into a bunch of other geopolitical
news and economic news and is Obama the Antichrist news coming up in the next segment. But for
TV viewers, for radio listeners, you can just pull up these articles there at info wars.com
and places like grudgereport.com and there's video as well. Syrian rebels fire chemical
weapons in Aleppo or Aleppo, how they pronounce it, killing at least 25 the government is
saying. And of course, Al Qaeda is denying responsibility. Now, I've been telling you
for a year from our sources that they would stage a chemical attack and blame it on Syria.
And that is now being done. In fact, here is an article right here on the London Telegraph.
Syria's regime accused rebel fighters of firing chemical weapons at a town in the country's
north. The regime has claimed that 25 people were killed in the attack, which the rebels
have denied responsibility for. This afternoon, the White House said it was looking carefully
at allegations that a chemical weapon attack had taken place with a spokesman saying there
was no evidence yet to substantiate the claim that the rebels were responsible.
Get ready for the White House to blame Syria. And this is just so amazing. Remember, it's
the West that initiated this. Military attacks on the government, blowing up police stations,
you name it, almost two years ago, about 23 months ago. And they have been running the
whole thing, shipping armaments in. They gave Al Qaeda more than 10,000 missiles. Heat seekers,
it's more like 20,000, but 10,000 of them are heat seekers.
The Benghazi killing of the ambassador was to cover that up. Remember, they shipped guns
into Mexico to blame the Second Amendment. This is a criminal group. These aren't just
words I'm saying here. It's scary to get up and expose these people, but it's gotta be
done. You realize it's revolutionary that this radio show is on the air all over the
country. You realize it shows we haven't been fully taken over yet.
You've just got criminals in government that sit up there engaging in giant hoaxes to sell
the military, the police, the bureaucracy, the general public on tyranny. The truth is
America always faced these threats before, but why didn't we get rid of the Bill of Rights
then?
Because you don't get rid of the Bill of Rights. You don't get rid of the Bill of Rights to
protect yourself. The Bill of Rights protects you. One of our great graphics people, Janae
Meadows, award-winning graphics person, she makes big Hollywood posters, you name it.
She just won a diesel clothing award for her designs for diesel clothing, side issue. She
came by the office, she lives in California. Her and her boyfriend came by the office a
few days ago and gave me this US fighting man's code. This is not the first time I've
been given a version of this.
I've got a bunch of these and always forget to cover them. But I wanna do a TV piece where
I show blow ups of this because if this was issued, this was issued by Dwight D. Eisenhower,
it even has an executive order in there, and he even wrote some of this. This is the guy
that warned us about the military industrial complex.
If this was issued today by myself, the Southern Poverty Law Center would call it a terrorist
document. This was issued in 1956 by Dwight D. Eisenhower during the Korean War. And then
it was used also in Vietnam. And I was reading this this morning again, and I mean, it's
like I wrote it.
Look at the first page. The first page when you open it is resistance to tyrants is obedience
to God. And it's all about how to resist torture, Americans don't torture, Americans don't spy
without warrants, how communist operate, how they infiltrate society. And boy, you read
this, you would think it was the Democratic Party and MSNBC.
And you would think that the North Korean officers they describe are our government
now, the ATF. And this is copyright open, this is the government, I ought to republish
this, man, this is unbelievable. And then like have notes in it about how it compares
to today, the fighting man's code.
And my greatest frustration is there's hundreds of news pieces we've got on the shelf that
haven't been finished cuz I've got to write the voiceover for them. And that's no exaggeration,
we probably got over 100 incredible reports, where I've just bitten off more than I can
chew and just can't get it all done.
That's why I'm so frustrated. I wanna see other talk show hosts, other people really
get with the program and realize that this is all real. And that we can save our society
and our culture, I really wanna do that desperately. Look at this in the back, it says our reliance
is in the love of liberty, which God has planted in us, Abraham Lincoln.
I mean, you've got to love liberty to keep it. It just doesn't happen. And it's all about
God. I mean, you would never see this, they're taking the crosses down to military bases
and they're replacing it with deviltry. All right, we're gonna come right back. This country
was founded by Christians who gave you the right, pointed out the right, that you can
practice whatever religion you want.
Now the people that use that right are trying to take our rights away. It's not separation
of church and state, that doesn't mean, that means the state isn't involved in religion.
We're on the march, the empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soap for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms, but if you don't have a home security system
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're
sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's
a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power so even if the grid
goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed. Getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is also ridiculously
easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes so there's no need to let a stranger into
your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever
you go. You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
I had tried everything. I'd cut back the amount of food I was eating. I was lifting weights
and jogging, but nothing was working. My body was literally starving for minerals and trace
elements as well as key vitamins. And as soon as I had that, I immediately could eat half
of what I was eating previously and be satisfied. Now there are hundreds of great products at
infowarseteam.com, but I want to point out the three that have helped me lose 37 pounds
in just two months. Products like Beyond Tangy Tangerine, Holland Burst and Rebound. When
I started taking the Tangy Tangerine and other products every day, I lost more than 37 pounds
in just two months. Now that's results. I want to challenge my listeners to go to infowarseteam.com
and to order just three of their products. And you will see the changes in the way you
look, feel and in your appetite almost immediately. Start your journey to health and wellness
today. Infowarseteam.com.
There has been a popular meme on the Internet in the last week and a half or so pointing
out the hit cable television series, the Bible, pointing out that the devil who goes throughout
the series looks like Obama. And the reason the White House fears this is because it's
the type of simple minded meme that can actually get across to the population. That's why they
said that Saddam had thrown babies out of incubators and stomped their brains out.
They used a PR firm to put that out back in 1990, 1991. None of it was true. That was
later admitted. That's why they said that Gaddafi had his troops raping women fueled
by Viagra. It's just something saucy to demonize the people. And I'm not saying Saddam or Muammar
Gaddafi were good guys either. It's just the globalist will demonize someone with an outlandish
over the top charge right before they destroy them.
And so it's the type of yellow journalistic, simplistic demonization that the establishment
understands because they know it's effective. It's like a meme. The Obama deception, deception.
I never meant that to even become a meme. I wanted to point out he was a liar. Now it's
become a meme. And so Obama Satan, Obama the devil has become a meme, not just now.
That's been going on for years. A lot of preachers and people like Pastor Manning saying they
believe he is the Antichrist. Now let me just say this. Undoubtedly, Obama lies at a level
way beyond anything I've ever seen. But more than it being about Obama, it's about the
season that Obama is in today.
We are in the throes of global tyranny. We are in the throes of global decadence. We
are in the throes of not just an evil establishment, but a more and more corrupt and decadent world
population disconnected from reality thanks to Hollywood and other culture destroying
corrosive elements.
We're following into a very decadent sector of the cycle. Now I don't like Obama. He's
a horrible tyrant. He reads off a teleprompter. He is a globalist insider. He's obviously
very intelligent, but still a puppet, just like George W. Bush, who obviously isn't the
sharpest knife in the drawer.
But he has been an effective evil, not a lesser of two evils from Mitt Romney or George W.
Bush, but a more effective evil, as former Congresswoman Cynthia McKinney has pointed
out here on this broadcast. And so it's fun at a base level to demonize Obama, and it's
also effective. But you need to understand that he is the figurehead. He is the masthead.
He's the goddess they've got on the front of the boat. He's the gargoyle they've got
guarding the entrance to the castle. But he still is the pitchman. Like so many corporate
presidents, it's their job to go to all the events and go to the golf parties and go cut
the red ribbons.
He is a front man, but he represents the establishment, and he is light years more deceptive than
even slick willing. He makes George W. Bush's fumbling lying look tame, and the lies are
mega whoppers. There will be no pre-existing conditions that are not covered, massive expansion
of pre-existing conditions under Obamacare.
Doubling of premiums on average, written by the insurance companies, death panels to deny
people brain surgery, eye surgery, knee surgery, hellish control. The collectivist trap, your
supermarket purchasing records with smart cards uploaded to Homeland Security and then
to the Department of Health and Human Services.
I mean beyond 1984, insurance premiums going up if they see you're buying too much beer
and Blue Bell Dutch chocolate ice cream. They know when you go and buy a knee bandage, it's
all put into computer algorithms, everything, living in a glass house.
The end of justice, Obama funding massive abortion worldwide. Obama funding forced abortion
where they basically make you have an abortion if you want any government funding in India
and areas of Africa. While saying he cares about the third world, my point is, is that
Obama is the closest to the devil of any president we've ever had.
If you look at the characteristics of the devil, if you look at the characteristics
of the biblical devil or the devil and even other cultures, Hindu, you name it, it is
very, very similar and very, very close to what Obama is doing because we do have a devilish
power structure.
We do have a power structure that is absolutely degenerated and gotten away with more and
more and a public that has just accepted that they're going to lie to us. And so now the
bottom has fallen out, the floor has fallen out and there's nothing there underpinning
us. There's no rudder. And so the sky or the pit of hell is the limit.
So that said, it's fun to call in the Antichrist. It's fun to make connections and allusions
to it. But I wanted to explain to people here with some Bible verses. Here's one out of
John 2.18, even now there are many Antichrist in the world, even now there are many Antichrist.
Here's another Bible verse I want to get to before I break this down. John 8.44, you are
of the father, the devil. You are of your father, the devil and you want to do the desires
of your father. He was a murderer from the beginning and does not stand in the truth
because there is no truth in him.
Whenever he speaks a lie, he speaks from his own nature, for he is a liar and the father
of lies. I don't want the NDAA to pass. And then it turns out Obama and his lawyers wrote
it. Then don't worry, I won't sign it and then does sign it. We've got to attack Syria
because Al Qaeda is there and Assad is with Al Qaeda. Publicly knowing that they put Al
Qaeda in and that they run Al Qaeda in Libya, Syria, Pakistan, Afghanistan, worldwide.
That is lies within lies. What is it when a global corporate government funds all sides
of a conflict? That is a full spectrum lie. The whole thing is a artificial synthetic
counterfeit of conflict. You want the oil, you want the opium? Fund a terror group, don't
even really take out that terror group.
Arrest innocent 12 year old kids, take them and torture them for seven years at Guantanamo
Bay and then make them jihadi brigade commanders for your next war. That's why they admit,
why are they releasing everyone from Guantanamo Bay after five, six, seven years and they
all go become terrorists. And then they have, it's even in the news where the jihadi commander
of Al Qaeda in Libya is allowed to travel to the United States.
Everyone's like, why is that? Because he works for the globalists that have hijacked America.
Is that not the father of lies? Is that not a system that gives birth to lies? So yes,
Barack Obama is an Antichrist. In fact, he's the greatest modern expression of a slick,
good looking liar who can tell lies on top of lies twisted within other lies with added
spin and deception.
So yes, it resonates that Obama is a devil. But so are the Republican leadership that
work with him and act like they're opposing him when they actually aren't. And then they
create that synthetic response, that dialectic where the two sides come together. But they're
actually within the same spectrum and then agree on what the social engineers already
wanted.
Bush comes in, tyranny, oppression, all these new regulations. Obama comes in, tyranny,
oppression, new regulations. And as soon as Obama leaves office, the dictatorship of the
office will be there. The presidency is now dictatorial by every yardstick. But the president
themselves leaves, I see another deception, and a new puppet, a new figurehead.
The new prom king, the new prom queen, the new front, they step in to that position to
play king for a day. So that you associate all the tyranny and all the hatred that you
put into the system on them and so a new fresh face comes in. Like a knight who has a shield
in combat, Obama is a shield, Bush is a shield or a shield, a foil.
They take the heat, they are the surrogates of the globalist. And when the night is done
with Obama, he'll throw the shield off and take on a new shield. And sure, the shield
is disgusting, the shield has the enemy segment, the shield is a projection of the teleprompter.
It is the propaganda of the globalist, it's like birdcage liner. I'm focusing on the parrot,
the New World Order buzzard that sits there defecating on us.
And that we have to feed and take care of and listen to squawking at us. And the media
always focuses on Clinton or Bush or Obama, the birdcage liner. And the buck stops with
them and red carpets and thousands of troops on the streets to protect them when they go
to third world countries or America. So that it's all the pomp and circumstance, the great
and magnificent eyes, I am the great and wondrous eyes, see me and tremble.
And F-18s fly over him in his inauguration and a million people come out and red carpets
and Hollywood stars and dinners and marveling at the president and the sycophantic salivation
over everything he's doing. Is that not Satan? Is that not the power of the prince and of
the air? Is that not the power of the prince and the principalities? Is that not what the
Bible, please give me the verse, the evil in high places where Satan, the devil takes
Christ upon the mountain and says all of this could be yours.
I control every government out there, bow to me, kneel to me and I will make you the
antichrist. I will give you dominion over this planet. The delusion of Satan who'd been
given dominion to test, to be part of the test of God's elect, saying to the physical
incarnation of the creator of the universe, I will give you this mote of dust, this nothing.
What a joke. And God in the body of Christ had to bring himself down to the level of
40 days with no food to put himself in a weakened position to fully conquer his flesh. I can't
drive by a steakhouse without wanting to go in and eat that meat if I smell it, it's over.
I can't stand to be at a party where alcohol is being drunk and not drink it. I am weak,
my flesh is weak. But Christ went and conquered his flesh 40 days without food in the desert.
And his body absolutely at its weakest to be offered food and drink and the whole world
and all of it flashing through his mind because God had to desire and smell women and see
their beautiful curves and their electric eyes and the flesh's desire. Christ had to
have that first test, a shadow of his crucifixion, a shadow of the great test that was coming.
That even though it was God in the flesh, God said, I will show you what I can do. God
in the flesh, Jesus wept thinking about being beaten and tortured, all of it going through
his mind and all the sins of everybody before him and currently and after to be piled on
in a giant psychic experience of being fed all the child molesting, all the murder, all
the death, all the torture, all the mothers crying, all the sorrow, all the degradation,
all of it.
All of it, the children with buzzards eating their bodies, all of it, trillions and trillions
of experiences fed right through the eye of God, straight through Jesus Christ. The creator
of the universe physically experiencing that in an earth suit on this planet. That's the
opposite of the devil, the devil with the red carpets and the jumbo jets and all the
soulless, unhappy Hollywood people.
Yes, Obama is the antichrist. He is a antichrist. He is the spirit of the world. He is the spirit
of Beelzebub, Baphomet, Leviathan, the devil. He is the devil. Barack Obama is the devil.
And any of you that turn yourselves over willingly to deception and willingly to lies and willingly
to hurt the innocent, you are of the devil and you are antichrist. All of us who have
flesh, we are at one level, the antichrist, but our soul is different.
But when you turn your soul over to evil, knowing God's truth, experiencing and tasting
of the Holy Spirit and denying it and saying I go with Satan, that is the ultimate sin.
And you are damned at that point because you have shut the door. I just feel sorry for
people that have never even experienced the deathless waters of creation.
So to expand on all this, yes, ladies and gentlemen, Obama is a antichrist. Obama is
as wicked as the day is long, but he is only a pathetic puppet. He is only a pathetic agent
of the great evil that is to manifest on this planet. He is only a precursor. He is only
in the satanic evolution part of the system building towards what is to come.
And so everybody jokes around, it's fun to call him the devil and fun to call him the
antichrist and say, the guy on the Bible TV show, the hit show, he looks like Obama, on
and on and on and on. It's something entertaining to do, to sit there and say, he's the devil.
But if you look at the works of Obama, if you look at what Obama actually stands for,
if you look at what Obama has become, if you look at what Obama really does versus what
he says he's going to do, it's pure deception.
Telling poor people, I'm gonna give you free health care and forcing them to buy double
price care that is watered down and becomes a government death panel to control our lives,
to collectivize everyone and put us all into a system where the general public can sit
there and lecture all of us and say, I can tell you what to eat, I can tell you how much
to sleep, I can tell you where you can go, cuz we're all in this together now.
It's like making the whole country one giant weird homeowners association, but it's a homeowners
association run by child molesting devil worshippers who now have access into your bank accounts.
What you buy, what you do can take the money out of your account. Imagine the cashless
society once it comes in, when they can turn your chip off and you can buy it or sell.
And when you try to get food, that's the ultimate crime punishable by forced labor in one of
these satanic FEMA death camps they've built.
So yes, Obama is an antichrist, not the antichrist, and he is of his father, the devil. He is
a liar. It is his nature.
If you're listening, you'd know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day. If
you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better. You know gas and food
prices are skyrocketing. Now is the time to get prepared. For years, we've told you about
our friends at e foods direct. They have the best tasting long term storeable food on the
planet. This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long
term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing
you need most. Be prepared and get your supply from e foods direct. Right now is the best
time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give
yourself peace of mind and be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com
slash Alex. Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go
to efoodsdirect.com slash Alex. You can bet your life on e foods direct. We've lived in
this neighborhood for years. We have an alarm system and all of our doors have deadbolts.
They kicked in our door and were in and out of our house in about five minutes. The police
arrived in about 20 minutes but they were long gone with our TV jewelry and my guns.
I kept thinking, what if my family had been home? The police officer said that more than
85% of break-ins are through a door and that deadbolts alone don't stop intruders. The
officer told me to go to easyarmor.net if we wanted something that would actually stop
an intruder. Easy Armor reinforces all of the weak points on your doors and is guaranteed
to prevent kick-ins. I was surprised at how little Easy Armor costs and I installed Easy
Armor in about 30 minutes. Visit easyarmor.net. That's the letters E-Z-A-R-M-O-R dot net or
call 888-58-ARMOR. That's 888-582-7667. EasyArmor.net. Ultimate door security made easy. Is this the
year you finally get serious about your family's drinking water? If so, keep listening for
a special offer from Big Berkey Water Filters. Did you know that over 60% of municipal water
is fluoridated? Berkey Water Filters distinguish themselves from many other filtration systems
with the capability to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine, fluoride, arsenic and
disinfection byproducts from municipal water via the black Berkey and PF line of filters.
Then there's affordability. At only 1.7 cents per gallon, Berkey Water Filters purify treated
and untreated water, even stagnant pond water. Stop and think how much money you could save
by simply reducing buying bottled water and using water filtered by your Berkey Water
Filter. No need to be constantly replacing expensive filters with a Berkey. A single
set of filters can last for 5 to 10 years. Choose the best size Berkey for your needs
at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com. And right now, all GCN listeners get 5% off all ceramic filter
systems. Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY. That's 877-99-BER-KEY or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
Free shipping on every order over $50. Big Berkey Water Filters, for the love of clean
water.
Alex Jones here back live. Life is very, very short. That's why the globalists are obsessed
with life extension technologies. They fear the afterlife and they should. If you expand
on the things that are happening in our culture, you can just see how the lies, even though
people don't trust the system, they still don't know what to do because the system never
admits what it's doing, even when it's public, because they don't want to have a debate.
It's a way of just stonewalling, saying I'm not going to talk about it. Because we're
going into a dictatorial system. And here's an article up at InfoWars.com. Speaking of
deception, for about a year, they've been stonewalling now what is 2 billion bullets,
armored vehicles, paramilitary training, army times admitting, preparing for domestic operations,
Homeland Security reports saying gun owners, conservatives, libertarians are the enemy.
This is a domestic buildup. And now New Jersey Congressman, Leonard Lance, a Republican has
demanded an explanation from Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano as to why
the Department of Homeland Security is buying huge amounts of bullets. And we'll play his
question and her response here in just a moment. But the issue here is that you notice they
just still have Politico and Media Manners, both White House organs come out and say it
doesn't exist, and then laugh. And then their commenters, who are mainly just bots, sit
there and laugh and say, aren't they insane?
To create a perception for other people that come and read that, this isn't true. Look,
not only is the establishment saying it, not only is the snake saying eat of the fruit,
it's good, but Eve is taking a bite and saying, look at them, it's good. See, they like to
have the establishment lie and then have a big gallery. They could even be robots in
the future that look like people as long as they laugh and go, see, that's how the psychology
works.
And they've got it down to make you feel like you're weird. Like I think Waco was horrible
how they blew that place up and burned it up and used the military. Shut up, kook. I
don't like the TSA grabbing my genitals. Shut up, kook. Well, first, it's we don't do that
and then shut up. What's wrong with that? Again, it's about dominating you, but that
isn't working anymore. The good news is they're having to admit that they're the Wizard of
Oz, that it's all a big fraud now.
Let's go ahead and go to that clip. It's up at infowars.com. We are breaking this. There
has been no coverage of this. Here it is.
Recently, Forbes magazine published an article in which they voiced concern about the Department
of Homeland Security and other non-military federal agencies purchasing over 1.5 billion
rounds of ammunition. That far exceeds anything they've purchased in the past. In addition
to that, recently they've acquired close to 3,000 heavily armed vehicles that are being
used for, they say, domestic purposes. What's going on here?
I think Congress should ask the department about both of those issues, and I would like
a full explanation as to why that has been done. And I have every confidence that the
Oversight Committee, or perhaps the Intelligence Committee, but I would imagine the Oversight
Committee should ask those questions. And I do not tonight have an answer as to why
they did what they did, but I certainly share a belief that Congress has a responsibility
to ask Secretary Napolitano as to exactly why these purchases have occurred.
How concerned are you about this?
I am concerned, and I think that we have to make sure we continue to live in a country
based on freedom, a country based upon individual rights, and I hope that we in Congress get
the answers to these questions. And I'll give you another example. We're certainly in the
House, we've been working hard, not the Congress.
That's pretty much the end of it. But the issue is, he's officially also reportedly
sent a letter asking for it. No answer yet, so that's her answer. He'll probably say it
doesn't exist. Even though it publicly exists, like they said, there's no drone program,
Wizard of Oz, lie to the population. Lyndon LaRouche is coming up.
This is GCN, the Genesis Communications Radio Network.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing
a full selection of silver-based products. Our most popular silver-based products are
the 32-ounce nano silver solutions, our 2-ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well as
our all-natural silver soaps. Just released is our 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver
gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and leave the silver
at the surface. But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin-nourishing
chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin, while delivering the
silver more effectively. Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver-based
products are best for you. That's www.silverlungs.com.
Waging war on corruption, Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Here are some of the headlines up at infoawards.com. UT professors analyze Alex Jones and Rand
Paul's following and find some of the most important pro-liberty followings in the country.
I'm sure that group of professionals will get in trouble. That's in the Daily Texan.
Chase customers see bank balance reduced to zero. Oh, yeah. Might want to see that article
by Paul Joseph Watson. Congressman asked Big Sis to explain huge ammo purchases. No word
yet from his letter. Ron Paul, the congressional budget debate is just a sideshow. Yeah, compared
to the big derivatives issues and the rest of it. It's all a distraction. They're deciding
what type of Chardonnay to have on the Titanic as it's listing.
Feinstein's gun bill crumbles, but they've got all their gun show ban stuff in there,
which is a registration program. Ex-Chancellor warns of bank runs across Europe. The great
Cyprus bank run shows that no bank account is safe. It's not called a haircut. It's theft
when government loots your private bank accounts. Mike Adams, Gerald Cilente, Cyprus looting
is only the beginning for the global elite.
Now, I wanted to get him on about a month ago, but he's been too busy. I understand
why. Just about the financial meltdown, about all the tyranny Obama's pushing. But now,
we like to have people on that are accurate. People that are right over and over again,
and they get demonized. And so coming up the next segment for the rest of the hour, Lyndon
LaRouche is gonna be joining us.
90 years old, has the brain of about a 30 year old. I tell you, he's certainly my model
when it comes to what I wish I'd be like when I'm that old. He's gonna be joining us, and
he really is a iconic individual when it comes to the American political landscape.
And that's why the media just demonizes him, but I'll talk about that as we officially
introduce him in the next segment. But I know he's there listening right now, as I saw him
on the line over there on video Skype. He's got the best video Skype I've ever seen, by
the way, looks like he's in the room.
That's coming up. If you're a TV viewer, or if you're a radio listener, you should go
subscribe right now to prisonplanet.tv. It's 15 cents a day for 11 memberships, 55 cents
a person or less a month, 11 memberships for one master signup. Create a username and passcode
you can share.
11 people can simultaneously log on to The Daily Radio Show and The Nightly News 7 o'clock
central, that's prisonplanet.tv. And I wanna thank all of you that are members. We couldn't
do it without you, and we just keep upgrading prisonplanet.tv and its ten year history.
My book, Paul Watson's book, and e-book versions are all up there. All of my films and now
The Nightly News, we're posting HD quality of that, sitting on high quality streams as
well.
So if you're not a prisonplanet.tv member, now is the time. We're also gonna have Cody
Wilson, we broke the story last year where the Don Salazar, since then it's been in hundreds
of major publications. The inventor of the 3D printable gun and printable clips, who
is a thought criminal and been listed as a major threat by The Globalist. He is gonna
be joining us in studio as well today, and we'll open the phones up for that gentleman.
Perhaps even for Lyndon LaRouche, I wanna ask him if he wants to take calls. He may
have a bunch of issues he wants to cover and not be interrupted by your questions. But
questions also bring up good wild card elements.
But when we come back with Lyndon LaRouche, I wanna ask him about just the paramilitary
build up domestically, what it means to have these Cyprus thefts going on with 10% of the
account being grabbed. German bank head calling for grabbing Italian money. There's no way
to prop it up. If it's 1,000 plus quadrillion, then what do you do?
I mean, there's no way to prop it up. And again, he's the guy first. When I was first
reading their writings, I mean, I knew about him in the 80s and 90s. But when I was in
college in the early 90s, I first read their intelligence review magazine newspaper that
comes out.
And it just really fit with my own research. And then over the years, it's just been proven
to be incredibly accurate. You can disagree with their solutions or with their interpretation
of solutions. But I don't think you can disagree with the analysis provided by the LaRouche
pack and the LaRouche organization. And that's why they're so demonized. So he joins us on
the other side of this quick break. Please stay with us.
If you're listening, you know, your basic freedoms are being threatened every day. If
you're listening, you know, the economy is not getting better. You know, gas and food
prices are skyrocketing. Now is the time to get prepared. For years, we've told you about
our friends at e foods direct, they have the best tasting long term storeable food on the
planet. This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long
term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing
you need most be prepared and get your supply from e foods direct right now is the best
time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give
yourself peace of mind and be prepared act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit e foods
direct.com slash Alex get free shipping on all orders for a limited time call 800-409-5633
or go to e foods direct.com slash Alex, you can bet your life on e foods direct. devastating
events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial law have
highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions are
stockpiling food, gold and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of your
loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a
medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective
against bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care taken internally
or use topically it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver
has over 500 different uses and a long term shelf life making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared, go to Supernatural Silver.com. Use the promo code prepared for 20% off your
entire order and like us on Facebook. If you want an American company with American products
made by Americans, here is the Cal Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these
pure soap products for years. These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable
and coconut oils that are earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy
soaps that are twice as good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year
supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands
of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at
5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Big brother, mainstream media, government
cover ups. You want answers? Well, so does he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network.
And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones. Alex Jones here back live. Thank you for joining
us here in the second hour today. There have been reported chemical attacks in northern
Syria and the West is openly trying to blame it on Assad when they've been predicting that
the Al Qaeda forces the West has put in there would use chemical weapons on them to overthrow
the country and turn it over to the jihadis.
I'm no fan of Assad, but this is quite a war crime being committed by the globalists to
put people, I don't know, 10, 20, 30 times worse in charge. I'm gonna get Lyndon LaRouge's
take on that, the world economy, the bank holiday running for four or five days in Cyprus
causing all sorts of panics and stock markets and bond markets around the world.
Now Lyndon LaRouge, I've got to say, really is a true visionary and trailblazer. And now
that does not mean that I agree with all of his political solutions. But you've got to
undoubtedly, undoubtedly say that he predicted the financial meltdown that would come out
of the end of Glass-Steagall.
He predicted the derivatives crisis. He predicted the mega banks creating a global government
that they control to carry out the implosion of society instead of the buildup of society.
He was the first that I really saw exposing eugenics. And of course, he'd been doing it
for decades before I've ran into his writings.
And I had separately studied history on my own. So I read his writings in their executive
intelligence briefing magazine that they put out. I knew that the history was accurate
and I also learned a lot from it. But you notice they have these throwaway lines of
you say mega banks are going to implode the world economy and bring in a global fascist
system.
That's Lyndon LaRouge. Or you're saying there's a plan to bankrupt the third world to commit
genocide. That's Lyndon LaRouge. No, that's Lyndon LaRouge reporting on the Club of Rome,
reporting on the UN, reporting on the British Empire, reporting on the globalist. And until
he was demonized and set up, it was in the Washington Post that the CIA director under
Reagan says he's got the best private intelligence group in the world.
And you know, weekly he'd land in his helicopter. He'd fly his helicopter over like George Jetson
and landed at the CIA center in Langley and go advise them. And then they'd send him to
talk to the Russians or talk to whoever, very important guy. And then now they just say,
oh, the crazy man that said we'd have a banking meltdown.
Wow, he said the sun came up. He was a visionary. And it's an example of incredible spin. It's
like there's no 2 billion bullets. There's no armored vehicles. We're not hopelessly
in debt. agenda 21 isn't shutting down the economy. They just laugh at saying, hey, water
is good for you.
That crazy man said water was good for you. They play these mind games, okay, and really
tried to demonize anybody that's sitting on target. John Birch Society accurately predicted
what was gonna happen. You'll hear these one line throwaway lines of John Birch Society
crazy people.
I mean, just incredibly calm, focused, scholarly, breaking down from a right wing view, the
global corporate fascist takeover. LaRouche, you could say, from a left wing view, but
now he's called a right winger and extreme right wing by the Washington Post. The truth
is he's a populist. And you can learn so much. I mean, he kept saying, we're in danger from
asteroids hitting the Earth.
The last time he was on six months ago. Now look at what's been happening with all these
asteroids and saying we're going through this asteroid, intergalactic belt, not just the
smaller belt around us. Now they're admitting that's happening. So enough of introduction,
I wanna get him on about the economy, all the things that are happening.
But first off, sir, joining us via video Skype for TV viewers, for radio listeners, you can
go to prisonplanet.tv and watch us right now. What is front and center on your radar screen
right now, sir? I wanna give you the floor for the next seven, eight minutes till we
come back from break.
And then I've got some questions of my own. But I wanna cover the waterfront because you
said we're gonna enter this global crisis. And now North Korea, the Middle East, the
dollar, the world bond market. Where are we right now? What is most important in your
view right now, sir?
The most important thing right now is the danger of thermonuclear war. And as long as
we have this president in position, we are at great risk. Now on these matters of this
kind of warfare, you can't really predict because you don't know whether you're gonna
get thermonuclear war, which means general human extinction, or not. In the meantime,
we have a process going on like other processes which are important because they are turning
points or potential turning points in the situation.
For example, we have the agreement by the Joint Chiefs of Staff who are now going to
meet with Russians on the question of dealing with things like asteroids and other threats
that are now becoming much more prevalent. We also have the need to build up systems
to defend us against things that are flying around in nearby space. So we have a situation
which we can identify things that should be discussed and decided. But there also we have
no certainty that any of these things will be the outcome. This is a real war type situation
broader than just warfare itself, in which the questions are more clear than the answers.
And that's the way I think we have to keep it. We cannot give you guaranteed answers.
We can say what the answers are to certain questions imposed the right way, just like
this negotiation is going on with Russia and our Joint Chiefs of Staff now. We don't know
what the outcome is, but we do understand the problem. And that's the way it is down
the line. But the key thing that is certain, if this president remains in office, the United
States is finished.
What are the power structures? What are the factions from your deep connections, Mr. LaRouche?
Right now, in layman's terms for the audience, boil it down so we understand the parties
involved and what we the people in the middle can do to tip the balance towards a less violent
outcome.
Well, the first thing we have to always think about is we have to think about the United
States, not because it is our United States as such, but because the creation of the United
States, following what Christopher Columbus did, we had attempts to open up the Atlantic
Ocean and to move out from Europe to new options in the other side of the Atlantic. Everything
broke down eventually and suddenly it was our Massachusetts development and things like
that which set the tone for what would be the new replacement for the problems of Europe.
So our United States, as corrupted as that has become, nonetheless represents the one
major force on which the hope of the world actually depends. There are other nations
which will cooperate with us, some certainly, others hopefully. But that's our situation.
So you're saying the world's future really does rise and fall on recapturing the republic
that has been the laboratory of true renaissance in the last 300 years?
Absolutely. If you look at the situation in the transatlantic region and elsewhere, there
are many nations which have capabilities. Europe has generally lost its capabilities
in the recent decades. We in the United States have been partly destroyed, especially since
the young Bush administration and this current Obama administration. Those forces have almost
destroyed the United States. But there is reason to be optimistic. I can't predict victory
but I can tell you what I'm optimistic about. And I see what happened after the indoctrination
and the installation of Obama, the second round, that I see things in our people, movements
among our people, in groups of people, which for me are very optimistic things. And when
the American people awaken from a long period of quasi-sleep or despair and so forth, and
as you see in the political system now, a gradual moving in a new direction, searching
for a new direction.
You see it in the members of Congress. You see it in the divisions that are occurring
among Republicans. The Republicans are no longer fully agreed with each other on most
positions. And Democrats, we don't know where they are, but we have ideas of where some
people would like to go. So we're in a position of potential trans change.
I agree, but let's look at the geopolitical layout because you've been putting out some
of your video press releases that are particularly powerful when you break down all the factions.
What are the Anglo-American British imperialists trying to do right now? What is their game
plan around the world? Because they do seem to be particularly agitated right now.
Well, if you look at the history of the United States since the installation of Andrew Jackson,
who really was nothing except a big noise. There were other people who were British directed,
British banking terms actually took over the Andrew Jackson administration. So these are
the kinds of things in history we have to look at. But our United States recently has
begun to realize how bad the current two presidents, Young Bush and Obama are, and they want to
change. And I think that's an option for it. There are the biggest things in that on the
horizon.
Well, I want to cover what you think is most important and what's happening in the banking
structure, how bad the global financial meltdown is. Because again, you called it when they
got rid of Glass-Steagall back in the late 90s. And so I want to come back from break
and ask you what you think. Well, briefly, what's happening with Cyprus and the grabbing
of that money? Are they trying to cause a panic?
That kind of thing is going on. The general situation is we are at the verge, especially
in the transatlantic region. We are on the verge of a general breakdown crisis which
can come on suddenly. We are already in a breakdown crisis. It has not disintegrated
yet, but it's on the verge of disintegration.
Lyndon LaRouche is our guest. We'll give you his websites when we come back. But the most
important thing is I want you to define breakdown crisis, define triggers for thermonuclear
war. And while you've been saying last year we're entering the greatest danger zone of
that in modern history, which is now manifesting, I want you to explain it to us all on the
other side.
This is important. Lyndon LaRouche is our guest. I'm Alex Jones.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions
are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you
for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective
against bacteria, viruses, moles, and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver
has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com. Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your
entire order and like us on Facebook.
We travel so much and having a fake TV, well, it gives added peace of mind.
Burglars look for houses that appear to be easy targets, but fake TV can fool even professional
burglars into thinking someone is home watching television.
As a recent widow living alone, it gives me great peace of mind to set my fake TV near
a window and know that passing motorists and pedestrians will think someone is home watching
TV when I'm actually away from home.
Fake TV easily plugs into any outlet just like a light on a timer.
And they're so easy to use. You just plug them in and they're ready to go. Plus, they're
so affordable that we have one upstairs and downstairs.
Fake TV is only $34.95. Order your fake TV by calling 877-5FAKETV or go to faketv.com.
That's 877-532-5388 or faketv.com.
Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
Is there such a thing as gluten-free emergency kits?
Yes. And for celiacs, there is no other than gluten-freeemergencykits.com. If you or a
loved one has celiac disease, you need a gluten-free emergency kit to survive. Our kits are natural,
non-GMO, low sodium, low cholesterol, soy-free, contain no artificial colors or MSG, and carry
the Celiac Spruce Seal of Approval. Now, get our March Grab and Go bucket special for only
$29.99 at glutenfreeemergencykits.com. Gluten-freeemergencykits.com. Better foods, better living.
Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered why banks, stockbrokers, investment advisors
want to talk about gold IRAs? They've been available since 1986, yet the financial industry
won't recognize the value of gold for your retirement. Gold has outperformed paper investments,
yet no word about IRAs. If you would like to have gold for your retirement, call 800-686-2237.
Don't get left behind by rising inflation and low returns. Call 800-686-2237. Secure
your future and call 1-800-686-2237. Hey there, my name is Frank Bates. Do you know the number
one most valuable item in a crisis? Some people think the answer is gold, others think it's
a gun, but the correct answer will shock you. I just created a free video at crisis123.com
that reveals a surprising item that is more valuable than gold in a crisis. 97% of Americans
don't have this one critical item. In fact, they haven't even given it a thought, and
the sad truth is that you may not survive without it when a real crisis hits and a starving
mob is right outside your door. What I have to tell you could literally make the difference
between life and death for you and your family. Watch my video at crisis123.com to discover
the number one most valuable item in a crisis. You'll be shocked. See the controversial video
that thousands of other smart patriots have already seen in the last three months. Go watch my video
now at crisis123.com before they force me to shut it down. Again, that's crisis123.com.
And we are back live. Linda LaRouche is joining us. Again, we have guests on who've accurately
predicted things. You notice the people that have done that are the ones that are demonized
because the power structure does not want you knowing this. So you've got the Russian
bloc, the Chinese bloc, the kind of US British bloc, the EU, all in the middle of that.
And it's all interconnected. But, Linda LaRouche, what is a breakdown crisis? Why are you saying
we're in the danger of a nuclear war? Why did you say that a year ago and now we're
seeing the sabers rattled and Russian fleets going to Cyprus and all of it?
In fact, you even sent me a report, Cyprus, Glass-Steagall. So break that down for us.
Well, without Glass-Steagall, the United States economy is finished. We are already in a hyperinflationary
explosion and unless we can cancel most of the banks which are not Glass-Steagall banks
or don't conform to what Glass-Steagall banks would mean, this nation is finished and it
can be finished on any day or any week in the near future. I've been pushing for Glass-Steagall
as absolutely necessary. We also need something in addition to Glass-Steagall. We need the
actual re-establishment of a credit system for the United States. That is where the federal
government will create a pool of lendable currencies on approval for projects which
are deemed responsible. We need those things. For example, we have a number of large projects
for the United States. We've been losing everything. You take the central states of the United
States. They've been destroyed over the past years. The worst things have happened since
again Bush came in, young Bush came in and Obama and we've really destroyed the food
producing section of the United States. We no longer have the ability to guarantee a
food supply for the people of the United States. That is something which we have to deal with.
Why do the globalists, why do the eugenicists always obsess on making people dependent?
I know the answer because that's the name of the game, total control. But expanding
on this, when you talk about we could be finished any day financially, here's a headline, an
info wars.com breaking only covered by a local ABC news channel. Chase customers see bank
account balance reduced to zero, glitch Stokes panic on Twitter. Now that was just a glitch
but describe what you're saying, sir. It could happen overnight, go ahead.
Well, first of all, what was done in terms of the hyperinflation done, which has gone
on, we are absolutely bankrupt. And it's the banks, the big banks, which are the problem.
You essentially you have to put this thing through bankruptcy reorganization now as a
preventive measures to enable us to start a program of economic growth. Without a radical
change in economic growth, without the end to this so called green policy, the United
States is doomed. The green policy is the greatest enemy inside the United States. It's
also the enemy launched by Britain. It's Europe is full of it. So the very fact we are not
producing the amount of food required to maintain our population.
And look at how Greece and Spain have adopted it and they admit it's wrecked them. And China
can build three new plants a week. We can't even have one a year. For those that don't
know, explain to them, sir, what the so-called green movement really is.
Well, the idea that we're very clear in the Denmark attempted to establish a world tyranny
of on that basis of the Queen's idea, they came out with this idea of actually genocide
over the Queen's policy. And it's not just her personal policy. It's the policy of the
British Empire is to reduce the world's population from the present estimated level of society
of 7 billion persons to the order of 1.2 billion people. That is the policy. And if you look
around you, you look in Europe, you know, that is the policy in practice. It was under
this influence that we shut down the food production in the central plains area. We
do not presently produce enough food to take care of the entire US population. We are on
a policy of reduction of population.
And when you talk about that, what the Queen is insisted upon and all of the people associated
with it on this is to reduce the human population rapidly now from 7 million people level to
1.2.
Sir, we got a long segment coming up. Let's expand on that, because if it's a new listener
out there tuning in for the first time, maybe saying, what on earth are they talking about?
The Queen doesn't run anything. We're gonna explain the fact that she does and break that
down with Lyndon LaRouche. We'll also give you the websites. It's larouchepac.com, just
larouchepac.com. We'll be right back on the other side of this quick break. This couldn't
be more important.
We're on the march. The Empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN radio network.
Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers. The prognosis for the entire planetary
economic system runs from bad to worse. The globalist model is to shut down societies
and starve patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover. That's why we've assembled
the most vital and important preparedness items at infowarsshop.com. These are items
that I did research on that I personally use. You've got the LifeStraw so you can turn fetid
water into safe water anywhere you go. The Ktor Handcrank Generator to charge up key
equipment during power outages or out in the field. Strategic Relocation, third edition
by Joel Skousen. When disaster strikes by Matthew Stein. TheraSafe used by Homeland Security
to protect yourself during any radiological event. Handcrank shortwave AM FM radios. Everything
that we've researched and found to be the best is available at infowarshop.com and your
purchase makes our info war possible. We're getting prepared. Are you? Infowarsshop.com.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system,
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping
or away from home who's watching out for intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new do it yourself
home security system that is completely wireless. Go to getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is independent
and off the grid. It runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit or shed. Getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself
in under 20 minutes so there's no need to let a stranger into your home. If you move
or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always
at home but SimpliSafe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Again, that's getsimplisafe.com. Introducing Pro 1. All of your filtration in one system,
portable, on the go. No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolicic
acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
Aquamedics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element.
It is the only one that does it and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off
with promo code WATER. This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides,
herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolicic acid, the most common form
of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get
your Pro Pure with the new Pro 1 filters today at infowarskstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
We now take you live to the Central Texas Command Center in the heart of the resistance.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Show. Alex Jones here back live. Lennon LaRouche is
our guest. Here's one of the headlines up at prisonplanet.com and infowarsk.com. Chase
customers see bank balance reduced to zero. Millions of Chase bank customers were affected
by unfortunately a time to glitch which resulted in their checking and savings accounts showing
a zero balance for several hours yesterday prompting many to take to Twitter and express
panic that their money had been stolen, probably another test.
Reaction of the glitch was undoubtedly made more intense by the fact that the top global
news story yesterday was how residents of Cyprus were facing a mandatory tax that would
see 10% of their savings plundered by the Baker bailout. And again, there is the problem
and we have a link to ABC News 7 reporting it. This is not a national story. It's only
on that local news station.
It should be a national story. It is now the infowarsk.com because it shows you that they
can devalue your currency overnight, Lamar Republic or Zimbabwe style or they can just
simply take the money out of your account, which is what Davos and the globalist are
calling for more and more.
And I'm gonna talk to Lennon LaRouche about that and continue with some of the solutions
that he's developed from his deep historical understanding. But first off, during these
dangerous times, it's important to support alternative media, real media that's nonpartisan,
that has a constitutionalist, truly progressive view.
Not the fake socialist, eugenicist, agenda 21, post-industrial. We're talking about the
post-industrial system where 30 years ago we could feed the whole world, now half our
food's imported. They estimate within another five years it'll be 70%.
This is done by design with regulations and red tape and all the real environmental crises
we've got. They're all ignored and they say it's carbon that humans exhale, carbon dioxide
that plants engage in photosynthesis with, basically breathe. They list something that's
life giving part of the carbon cycle and then ignore all the real things they're doing.
I mean, it's just amazing that it's a piratical system that seeks to go to even nation states.
They're gonna get away from nations and go to city states, which are exempt from their
globalism. It's basically the Rome model, the British City of London model, the Israel
model, the Vatican model, the Washington DC model with their own little insulated, almost
floating fortresses of evil like the Legion of Doom.
And I'm ranting, we're gonna go back to London LaRouche here. But it is important, folks,
while the Internet's still somewhat free, they're moving to block that now because we're
effective. That quickening, that awakening is happening. They wanna use the quickening
to collectivize and get everybody on corporate welfare, not to empower but to control.
We've got to use the quickening to re-energize the American system. So please go to mfallwarstore.com,
get the magazine at cost, the big color glossy magazine showing how the globalists wanna
cause a civil war. Get the March issue, it's almost sold out. It will sell out, get them
in bulk or get a subscription and support the free press.
Or get Propure water filters discounted, 10% off promo code water. Buy the t-shirts, the
books, support our sponsors, click on our advertisers. That's how we're able to build
a strong organization in the front and in the face of the imploding global system. So
support mfallwars.com, spread the word about our local AM&FM affiliates.
Don't take this information for granted, mfallwarstore.com or you can call our great crew and ask any
questions about discounts and DVDs and films and books and some of the new arrivals. 888-253-3139,
888-253-3139. Now, Lennon, I wanna move quicker with you through a bunch of subjects and get
into some of the topics you think are most important.
But what do you say about supporting alternative press like what you're doing over there with
LaRouche PAC, LaRouche Pub? I mean, how important is that? Because obviously, the New World
Order globalist eugenics media, the post-industrial media, they're not gonna tell us the victories
we're having. But that's not me putting perfume on a pig or putting out pro propaganda like
a cheerleader.
As ham-fisted and primitive as I am at many levels, I've been very effective. You've been
very effective in your 60 years of fighting. But now, when I go out on the street of Austin
or even go to other cities, instead of every fifth person stopping me, it's every other
person. Or sometimes everyone in a restaurant comes over.
Sometimes every person I see hiking on the greenbelt comes over. I mean, the popularity
of our broadcast, let's not exaggerate, is growing fourfold every year right now and
is extremely viral. What does that say towards your awakening and how important it is for
people to support you and others?
Well, there are several things to consider. First of all, people are frightened. They're
disgusted as well as frightened. And that's a fact. But that doesn't give you the answer
that does not give you the solution. More people are upset by these conditions. But
that being upset does not solve the problem. You have to have measures which are concrete.
You have to mobilize people around such measures. You have to make the changes in policy, especially
in economic policy, which are essential to save this nation from extinction. And not
only our nation, but our nation has a very significant role that most Americans no longer
recognize because we are a special creation.
We have a history. We want to go into that. But the point is, we were destroyed and corrupted
from within. Many of our presidents have been corrupting agents. Some other presidents have
saved us. But the United States has an inherent role in the history of mankind, in the entire
history of mankind, which is absolutely unique. And it's something that started essentially
with Columbus's travels across the Atlantic as a discoverer.
It came into Massachusetts. Massachusetts was crushed. Then Massachusetts people like
Benjamin Franklin fought back and created a new kind of nation which had never existed
to man's knowledge before. Now, we still have, through the way we handle immigration, we
took people who were poor from all over the world. We brought them into the United States.
They went through successive generations of rising in terms of their condition, their
culture and so forth. We in the United States are actually the pivot of the possibility
of maintaining this planet, really, for us, and that sort of thing.
But if we fail, if we drop the ball, if we no longer provide that kind of leadership,
which was brought into Massachusetts and is part of this Columbus sequel, if we drop the
ball, the world is doomed. They need us, and many parts of the world know they need us
or they need us in some respect.
In China, there's a recognition in China today that the United States is needed. There's
an acute sense of Russia. The United States is needed. You have people in Europe who are
suffering, threatened by destruction of their whole nation. They need us, but we-
Well, let's talk about the globalists that have hijacked America. You've talked about
their exterminism, ultra-Hitlerian mindset, Hitler being one of their creations. But for
many years, you've pointed out that the ruling class are insane. And I understand that they're
very intelligent, have intelligent bureaucracies that know how to deceive.
But knowing their mindset or their tropism, what is the real state of the world right
now? I mean, quantify that and where it's going.
I think my experience and my knowledge of history, this is not merely a matter of how
many people are bad or so forth. It's a question, do we have a part of our population which
is able to contribute leadership? Most people were born in history, modern history and even
ancient history, were born as poor people, poorly educated, downtrodden, oppressed.
They didn't have good knowledge. And then once in a while, like with Shah Laban, you
had somebody comes up and creates a whole new system, then he dies. And very soon after
that, what he had accomplished disintegrated. So the idea of equality of leadership, of
people who are dedicated and capable of understanding what leadership is.
That's why you see civilizations appear, grow and then collapse of their own corruption.
We definitely have that same brain rot, but now we have nuclear weapons and we see all
the armies lining up. And then we see the bankers looting people's private bank accounts
when it's impossible to pay off the derivatives. What do they think they're going to do in
the city of London?
Well, you could say there's something satanic about the British monarchy and you go back
and if you know the history and very few people do know the history, though it's available
for them. Actually, the British Empire is a product of the Roman Empire and when the
Roman Empire-
The Venetian black nobility, so explain their game plan. Exactly, explain how the queen
runs things.
First of all, you had the Roman Empire disintegrated in a large degree. The leading families of
the Roman Empire went up the Adriatic and became Venetians. And the Venetians went to
a crisis and then you had a second Venetian. Then you had a Venetian called William of
Orange. William of Orange invaded Britain and invaded and generally committed genocide
against the Irish, which is one of the sports of the British monarchy these days still.
And therefore, we got into this kind of situation. We now have still the legacy of the Roman
Empire in particular, which is a strong force culturally in Europe. And is in terms of,
for example, take the case of our president and we found what happened is the British
banks moved in, taking over presidency, moved in to the New York area and the Massachusetts
area. The British bankers, British banking system, imperial banking system, took control
of the United States up to the time of the Civil War. The Lincoln broke that off, but
then the same thing came back again.
And this was in all our newspapers and then in 22, with Proud House and the CFR. This
was the public battle. And what you're talking about was front page news for 100 plus years.
Nowadays, it's conspiracy theory. Just like if you told an ancient that the moon really
wasn't a man, that it was a rock satellite, they would think you were a conspiracy theorist.
The level of ignorance, but you're saying you're seeing a rediscovery of this.
Yeah, that's what we're seeing in the population now. They're disgusted. The hatred against
Obama mixed with the fear of Obama is what is defining. It also what's happening, the
political parties, which thought they were solid, Republican and Democrat, are no longer
that. They still exist in terms of name, but if you look at the inside of the discussion-
Same people.
Yeah.
So they're putting out a hoax that he's been endorsed, that he's loved, but all the real
evidence shows total collapse of confidence. I hear our police chief on local radio saying
there's been a collapse in confidence. I'm not bad, I'm not with the bad guys. And I
hear other police chiefs and people talking like that.
And I hear other mainline hosts admitting across the board, we've got tyranny. I agree
with you that there is an epiphany beginning to happen right now. Let me ask you this question.
The thousands of armored vehicles being deployed, the checkpoints, the 2 billion bullets, the
urban warfare drills, the military admits they've been told to prepare for gun confiscation.
That's in the army manuals now, but then Obama's people Stonewall and say there are no drones,
there are no bullets. What is this domestic buildup for?
What you're talking about really is a situation which is going toward thermonuclear war. So
the idea that there's some power more powerful than the issue of thermonuclear war is a piece
of idiocy. The world is threatened by thermonuclear war. Now a thermonuclear war is not just war,
it is not throwing missiles at something. This is a process which if undertaken with
the capabilities which now exist, that thermonuclear war launched within one hour can result in
the extinction of the human species.
Wow, so you're saying they're gearing up domestically because they're getting ready for nuclear
war.
Not really, it goes together with that, but it's not a simple scheme.
How does the nuclear war start, on the Korean peninsula or in Europe?
No, it starts from London, the British Empire. Look at what's happened in the British system
recently. You see what happened, the unnecessary long Iraq war. Tony Blair did it. Tony Blair
is the controller of the current president of the United States. He was the guy that
put him in on behalf of the British queen.
We've been going toward hell, and we have the other side of the thing is at the same
time we are faced with threats in the solar system. With threats of comets which come
into the solar system and can kill a lot of people if they ever hit the area.
Now you said that last year on my show and the media made fun of you about it, but now
we're seeing record numbers of large asteroids coming in and blowing up. How did you know
about that?
Well that's my business, to know those kinds of things.
In fact, you were the presenter of the idea of a global space defense system.
No, I started that in the sense that I was on my own at a certain point in the late 1970s
in Europe. And when I began to push this process, I found people who've been veterans of the
OSS, who were still leading survivors of the OSS. And others who agreed with me and we
came together. And I had some dealings with the Soviet system and also they were going
to collapse and I told them so and they knew it.
And a large number of them are willing to come over and work with us on this whole project.
That's right, cuz there were two CIA directors that said you were one of the best analysts
alive. Which one was it that told Reagan that he should adopt your policies? I have to pull
the Washington Post back up.
There were a lot of them. There were a number of people, but they were also leading people.
We came from the OSS background. You had people who were still leading people whose background
was essentially OSS.
And you were on record saying the Soviets were gonna collapse before other people were.
Why did they respect you so much? What were you telling them?
I just told them what the truth was and they knew the truth, but they had to have somebody
tell them that. We almost had the SDI success at the time that Reagan was leading in that
charge. We almost had it, but the British put in a new stooge Soviet leader who mobilized
all his British cronies.
And therefore, we were turned down on that basis. But Reagan always-
Well, the media also turned it into a weapon system instead of a missile defense, but also
asteroid defense, right?
The idea was we all knew, including key people in the Soviet system and related systems,
we knew that the Soviet Union was doomed. Now, rather than going out with a big flaming
nonsense, can't we come to an agreement on policies, international policies, which avoid
this threat of general warfare and undertake cooperation among nations to deal with our
problems?
There was never a liaison behind the scenes on what led to Perestroika, but they never
got to that because their people got in. Who was Gorbachev?
Gorbachev was an evil fellow. He's still around, I think. But he was the second man in this
operation. But this was, if you find the cuter thing about the Soviet system and in Russia
today, there's still that kind of problem. Most of these guys were called the Marxists,
you know, the real Marxists, the British all created. Like Bertrand Russell's crowd. Bertrand
Russell was one of the most significant penetrators of the Soviet system ever saw and continued
to his-
And he was really a eugenicist.
He was everything. He's a human being hater.
Stay there. We're going to break that down on the other side. Amazing. Intriguing.
Amino acids are the building blocks of proteins. Amino acids have to be delivered to your body
in the shape that nature gave them. If they are to be used to create new proteins in your
body, just like a bricklayer cannot use bent or twisted bricks to build a brick wall. So
too, your body cannot use bent or twisted amino acids to build new proteins. Giving
your body an undamaged amino acid food can make a huge difference in your health. One
world way is an undamaged amino acid food unlike any other. You see, heating bends and
twists amino acids and all whey protein powders we've investigated and most proteins you consume
are heated. With our true cool process, you now have a choice with one world whey.
My name is Daniel. I'm 34 years old. When I started using one world whey, I weighed
228 pounds. Now, after two and a half months, I weigh 182 pounds. This is my ideal weight.
I've noticed an increase in stamina, rate of recovery from workouts, and an increase
in my potency.
Call 888-988-3325 or visit oneworldway.com.
Hello, this is Ty Bollinger, author of the bestselling book, Cancer Step Outside the
Box. I want you to know some very important information. In 1985, President Ronald Reagan
requested that carnivora be sent directly to the White House at a time when only the
president could obtain this world-class healer. Now, 27 years later, carnivore capsules are
used around the world to keep people healthy. Now, you can protect yourself and your loved
ones in this age of superbugs with 17 naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond
to abnormal cells only without harming a single normal cell. If you want to stay healthy,
now's your chance to literally wake up your critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders
that don't belong in your body.
Call 1-866-VENUSFLY or order from carnivora.com. That's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A.com. That's 1-866-836-8735,
1-866-VENUSFLY, or visit carnivora.com. Protect your immune system. It's the only one you've
got.
We all know that Berkey water purification systems are the most trusted name in water
filtration. As an authorized Berkey dealer for over six years and serving thousands of
satisfied customers, the Berkey Guy offers amazing specials for Berkey water filtration
systems. The Berkey light systems include a set of self-sterilizing and re-cleanable
black purification elements that purify water by removing chlorine, pathogenic bacteria,
cysts and parasites to non-detectable levels and remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides
and pesticides. Order the Berkey light system today complete with two black Berkey elements
for only $231 and the Berkey Guy will ship your order free of charge. With the purchase
of a Berkey light, the Berkey Guy is also offering a set of fluoride and arsenic filters
for only $39.99. That's over 30% off the retail price. Call the Berkey Guy at 1-877-886-3653.
That's 1-877-886-3653. Or order online at GoBerkey.com. That's GoBerkey.com today.
Monday through Friday from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Central, we're here live back weeknights,
7 o'clock Central for Infowars Nightly News. You can pick up the feed at InfowarsNews.com.
I want to hold him a little bit, five minutes to the next hour if he can, if he's got to
go, I understand. But when he boils it all down to thermonuclear war, that's where this
is going. And the Russians, the US, they're building more bases, more weapons, while saying
nothing's going on. But if you study geopolitical developments the last 100 years, more is going
on than has ever gone on.
And the establishment in Europe, England, the US is behaving in their actions, not their
rhetoric like all Hades is about to break loose. And they're doing incredibly bold and
criminal things, putting Al-Qaeda in all over the Middle East, demonizing patriot groups
in America, clearly getting ready for false flags.
Lyndon LaRouge, I'll tell you what I see happening. I see him gearing up to stage terror events
to blame on the American people, like Oklahoma City, to go after kind of libertarian populist.
And also they're demonizing any type of progressive populist that they don't control. I see a
real move towards authoritarianism by Obama with his left cover, his invasion of Africa
under Afrikan.
I mean, the globalists, it seems, are on the offense. Is that a form of defense? And what
do they expect to get out of this? And how do we reverse them taking us on a path that
you predicted will lead to thermonuclear war?
This is a cult. The problem is a cult. The cult is that of the British monarchy. And
if you look at the banking system, the key to this operation is you've got to go to the
way the banking system was set up under Rome all the way through Britain.
It is that international banking system which is the organizing center of all of these operations.
The answer is, how do you influence people? You buy them. And you find that many of our,
for example, senators and so forth that I know, they have been bought. That's why they
do what they do. Why are we controlled? Under Jackson, for example, we were bought. British
bankers based in the New York region and in Boston set up the operation which really wrecked
the United States for a long period of time.
And it's the same thing today. They also financed the Civil War. That's on record, but people
don't know that.
Oh, sure. But the point is, that's always been the case. It is British controlled bankers.
But they're not just British. What they do is they represent the legacy of the Roman
Empire.
How did the Rothschilds tie in?
The Rothschilds are just instruments of this process. They were picked up as skillful people
to play a role for the British monarchy.
Wow. And right now, we're in the world breakdown that you predicted. I've tried to get you
to talk about it today, but you'll never talk about yourself in the past tense. But you
have been screaming since the mid 90s that they were gonna create derivatives and do
this.
And now it's happening. How do we get out of that? Bring back Glass-Steagall?
Glass-Steagall would work. If you take a measure of the United States population, I study it
and look at it, deal with it. There is a movement right now. You'll find that the Democratic
and Republican Party are no longer cohesive forces against each other. We are about to
be freed from that kind of partisanship.
What you have is you find people who are classified as new left or whatever, is all Republicans
and so forth. They're all different because they have nothing that they can unite about
as a united policy. And therefore, you saw that in the results of the recent election.
And how is that a good thing? Now we can come into the vacuum with original constitutional
ideas.
That's right. We don't need a Congress which is a majority feature. We need a system of
government which is our constitutional system, which is responsive to what our needs are.
Sir, we're back in one minute. Give us those solutions on the other side briefly.
You are listening to GCN. Visit GCNlive.com today.
You may be arrested and or subject to other police action.
Caring is here. The grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality. It really says that
the state is God. The United States is now recognized globally as one of the most impressive
police states on earth. This film conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of
FEMA camps now being expanded nationwide. This documentary exposes how the continuity
of government program has established an all powerful shadow state. Police state for chronicles
the sickening depths to which our republic has fallen. Prepare to enter the secretive
world of emergency dictatorship, body scammers, sound cameras, citizen spies, stage terror
and cameras on every street corner. It's only the beginning of the New World Order's hellish
plan. The police state isn't coming. It's here. Secure your copy today at Infowars.com
or see it online in the highest quality at PrisonPlanet.tv. Waging war on corruption,
Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. Big brother, mainstream media, government cover ups. You
want answers? Well, so does he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live
from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones. All right, it's our final segment with Lyndon LaRouche
and I wanted to go to calls. He was happy to do that. We never did because of time constraints.
LaRouchepac.com and he's got several other really top flight websites. You can see it
there on screen if you're a TV viewer. Sir, finishing up with solutions here with you.
I mean, Dick Cheney is so arrogant and a globalist agent that he wrote in the PNAC document September
20th. We should get the media to legitimize the use of race specific bioweapons. And there
wasn't even a media outcry. Our local paper wrote about it, the Austin American Statesman.
But that gives you a mindset into the exterminism, cult, death cult thing. I mean, you're not
just saying that. That's who they are. And it transcends party. Obama is one of their
great minions. So how do you counter such pure evil with logic? I guess you go to the
people. That's precisely when the people are ready to listen to you. And what we're in
a stage now is if you look at the results for the Democratic Party, the Tea Party and
so forth, as a result of the last election campaign, you see that what came out of there
was not a unified system of congressional rule under a presidency that is gone. The
Republicans could not hold themselves together in the way they did before, nor could the
Democrats. The Democrats are still trying in the Senate to do that, but it's not going
to work. The citizens that we saw with Ron Paul, the citizens are now acting on the basis
of their own conscience. Not everyone, but a significant number and the number is growing.
And as that happens, they're not going to be able to control the narrative anymore.
No, what you're going to do is you're going to go back to the Constitution in which the
state constitution, the state government rules the state and which the states cooperate together
as states. And they're not going to cooperate on the basis of partisanship as such. They're
going to cooperate on the basis of what they think the interest of the nation is from the
standpoint of their state. And once we get back to that, which is our original constitutional
system, we can make it. We have a situation like right now with Russia and the United
States, our leading military command is now in the meeting with Russia on cooperating
against the threat.
And that's what Hagel said. He said the military's rebelling against Obama, but I see them firing
all these people because they won't launch wars.
Well, it's going to go in various directions. We are not going to end up with fighting wars
because when you start talking about fighting wars, you're talking about the use of weapons
systems which do not allow you to come out alive in a war. So therefore, now the time
has come that we're going to have to really realize the intention of our constitution.
We're going to stop trying to dictate things, trying to take power. We're going to cooperate
with other nations, what has sovereign nations in their own right. We're going to cooperate
with the greatest thing that threatens us today is a threat from in space, from asteroids,
from comets and so forth.
That's right. We're always focusing on just the planet. What about the whole universe
around us?
Mankind has reached the point that we are actually now going to establish the inner
planet system or part of the inner planet system, which is habitable and approachable.
We are going to find ourselves running a certain part of the solar system, which is going to
be the solar systems where man lives. Now, we're not going to go into Mars right away
to live there as human beings, but we are in the process of two things. One, Mars is
now an area in which mankind is going to build up systems and begin to work with that planet
as a planet to deal with some of our problems.
We're going to do the same thing in other cases. So we are now at a point where we're
going to defend mankind in this section of the solar system. We're going to...
Amazing. Lyndon LaRouge, amazing. Thank you for the time.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day. If you're
listening, you know the economy is not getting better. You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared. For years, we've told you about our friends at e Foods
Direct. They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food on the planet. This food will
taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long-term food supply allows
you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most. Be prepared
and get your supply from e Foods Direct. Right now is the best time to stock up and save
hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give yourself peace of
mind and be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex. Get
free shipping on all orders for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com
slash Alex. You can bet your life on e Foods Direct. Now that we have moved into the winter
season, there is an increased need to support our immunity and health. At Silver Lungs,
we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection of silver-based
products. Our most popular silver-based products are the 32-ounce nano silver solutions, our
32-ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well as our all-natural silver soaps. Just
released is our 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling
agents which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface, but rather we have
formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera to
quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more effectively. Visit
www.SilverLungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver-based products are
best for you. That's www.SilverLungs.com. Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes,
floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial law have highlighted the need for Americans
to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons. But
how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural
Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver
is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria, viruses, moles, and fungus,
and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe
from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term
shelf life, making it the number one choice of preppers across the country. To find out
how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to www.SupernaturalSilver.com.
Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
All right, we are now into hour number three, coming up later in the hour. In studio, the
inventor of the printable gun and printable magazine, really Adan Salazar, last year began
to cover what this guy was doing. And since then, it's been picked up all over the world
and it's a big story because it is a big story. We love to take things that really are important
and make them important out there with the general public. Speaking of those, here's
one of them up in Infowars.com right now. Chase customers see bank balance reduced to
zero. Millions of Chase bank customers are affected by an unfortunately timed glitch,
which resulted in their checking and savings accounts showing a zero balance for several
hours yesterday, prompting many to take to Twitter and express panic that their money
had been stolen.
All of this while the Cyprian crisis in Cyprus unfolded. They're now in today number two
of their bank holiday, being told at least 10%. Now they're saying it can be higher,
other money will be taken. British headed up banks and German banks are also talking
about 15% just off the top, on top of all the other taxes from the folks there in Italy.
And of course, the average person pays over 70% taxes in France and that's not enough.
They want you to pay 75% on everything you keep after that. And then still there's not
enough and then everybody works for the government and they don't live too well, but that's just
the way it is.
And then you've got mega rich offshore who set this up, who get the lion's share of the
money. And of course, it's always the ultra rich calling for more taxes, just because
they get it siphoned off to them, they get it in derivatives being backed up. It's just
incredible. So here's that ABC News 7 report. Again, this is not in the national news, the
Chase glitch. It was in one local ABC News affiliate. And now it's up at info-wars.com.
Here's that report.
A nightmare tonight for Chase customers coast to coast. They go online to discover their
checking account. Balances are showing zero. Efforts to correct the glitch began immediately
and Eyewitness News reporter John Hartung is live in Burbank now to tell us how things
have turned out. John?
Well Michelle, this is the second time in less than a week that Chase Bank has had some
problems with their online banking. But this time it caused momentary panic for some of
their customers who actually thought that someone had gotten into their accounts and
swiped all of their money. Chase ATMs brought a sense of relief to many people tonight as
the bank's customers were able to get cash in hand. For a couple hours, millions of customers
across the country who use online and mobile banking saw their checking and savings accounts
all with zero balances.
I just thought they were doing some kind of service on the accounts or something like
that.
Some of these tweets were set ablaze with comments of anger and frustration. One tweet
reading, quote, Chase got hacked. Lost my 100K savings. I demand my money. Another tweet
saying, quote, Why are all my accounts wiped out? What's going on? At Chase support at
Chase News. The banking giant says the problem was an internal glitch. They issued a statement
saying, quote, We have a technology problem regarding customers' balance information.
It has nothing to do with cyber threats. It is an internal issue. We are very sorry to
our customers for the inconvenience. This began earlier this evening. It is not confined
to the West Coast. By around 730 tonight, Pacific time, the problem was fixed. Oh, it's
a problem some Chase customers gladly didn't even know about. If I didn't have a heart
attack immediately, I'd probably call Chase. My concern would be not having that money
available if I needed it that particular day. But I would feel confident that the bank or
the government would step in if it was like a widespread thing.
Now credit cards and mortgage accounts, they were not affected by tonight's glitch, which
Chase Bank now says is completely fixed. They even went to Twitter tonight and said, quote,
We're back to business as usual, end quote. Live in Burbank, John Hartung, ABC 7 Eyewitness
News back to you.
OK, John, thank you.
And that's ABC there in Southern California. Now, again, a glitch. You could lose all your
money and they could also steal your money and call it a glitch and then say you never
get it back. This is how they could run a scam or claim that hackers had done it. And
oh, $100 trillion worldwide, all the money in the world's disappeared once they get us
on a global cashless system.
And don't worry, come to the government. We've got these new cards ready for you or this
chip and we'll put the money back on there for you. But you've got to adopt this new
system. That's exactly how the social engineers get you to accept a new system. Is to scare
you into submission.
I specifically want to take some more phone calls now and open the phones up for people
that want to talk about this glitch, other so-called glitches. Not a glitch when they
take 10% out of your bank account in Cyprus that many Europeans used as a banking center.
This is a very, very dangerous time to be alive. And again, these are all trial balloons
where, they were gonna take money out of all the Greeks bank accounts in Italy last year
as well.
But then there was such an uproar, they didn't do it. And then they said, we never proposed
that. And then now they're doing it again. And they treat you like animals. They just
are conditioning you that, you're gonna fight back? I wasn't trying to sneak in your house.
You caught me in your back door again? Never mind, I wasn't. And then pretty soon they're
throwing you out of your house.
They just incrementally get more, more, more, more, more. Toll-free number to join us on
the economic front. I wanna get your take on this. 800-259-9231, 800-25-99231. There
it is. CBS San Francisco, Chase Bank denies hacking in vanishing balances. See, I was
saying they could claim a hack did it in the future and that your money disappeared.
But don't worry, the government will take a small percentage out and fix it for you.
That's just how their brains work. But now, let's throw that article back up, cuz I hadn't
seen that.
Now they're actually talking about it being a hacker. Chase Bank experienced technical
difficulties for about two hours last night, worrying customers in California and across
the nation who logged into their accounts and saw their balances at zero or were unable
to get access to them at all.
A spokesman for the bank said it was strictly an internal technical issue, see? And again,
money is just digits, and customers' accounts were never in danger. Your account is digits.
There's less than 2%, depending on, it used to be 3%, now it's less than 2% physical cash
out there. And it's not just that it could glitch and it could disappear.
They could steal it from you. They could just take it from you, as is happening in Cyprus,
and they're now proposing in other countries. And you're like, well, that'll destroy confidence.
They want runs, they want confidence destroyed. That'll just make them more powerful to consolidate
control.
It's like government, you always read about most identity theft. Is government releasing
millions of social security numbers? Or letting mainly illegal aliens use them and rip you
off? And then they say, well, the answer is more identity control, which then tracks everything
you do.
I mean, it's amazing. They get more power out of the crisis. Ken in New Jersey, what's
your take on this?
Definitely attest the fact that they did that thing with Chase. And if you notice the guy
in the clip said he had a face that the government would step in, in case it was something serious.
You know, it's funny you said that. That guy looks exactly like an actor. And the way he
does it and everything he does, when I played that clip just now, I was looking at it thinking
the same thing.
The point was, is that I've seen that guy somewhere. That guy is an actor I've seen
on TV and movies. And I didn't wanna say anything cuz I wanted to try to go find it with you
cuz they've got Google's got facial recognition picture searches that weren't pretty good
on faces.
And I was gonna tell my guys quietly and actually break it once it happened. I believe that
guy's an actor. In fact, I believe that guy, or someone who looks just like him, is a Cass
Sunstein cognitive infiltrator that actually attacks me online that I've seen. I'm sorry,
just amazing what you just hit me with. I agree with you, go ahead.
Yes, and my biggest worry, Alex, is that there would be enough sheep to go along with it
in case that ever did happen. People would be lining up for this stupid car that they'd
be issuing once the government promised-
Listen, listen, they had actors on the ground on ABC, CBS, NBC, Fox going, I didn't feel
all in its own weight in a pancake caused by the jet fuel weakening steel. And then
on every channel, guys sitting there sounding almost identical. And if I'm wrong, if he
isn't an actor that I haven't seen doing political stuff, I'm wrong.
But I mean, I'm telling you, it is his twin brother then. In fact, let's take down the
special report, see if it has a name up there, nope, no name. Kyle Ellis, I mean, maybe he's
a real guy, maybe I'm wrong. The point is, is that he looks just like an actor I've seen.
And so maybe he's got one brother that's an actor. The point is, is it does, they can
also get like 40 people there and ask him a question and get the one response they want
to hear.
But I mean, you know there were a bunch of mad people out there, Twitter's like 99% angry,
but then that's what they choose to show. But on building seven, they'd have actors
going, yes, it fell from damage from the other building into its own footprint before it
even fell on three different channels as well.
So I mean, again, I've seen this before, but maybe we're wrong. Now, you're not saying
he looks like an actor. I think you're saying it just sounds like they picked somebody or
what are you saying?
Well, I do agree with you. I am definitely saying that even if he wasn't an actor, they
purposely chose to show someone with that kind of reaction to promote the idea that
in case this ever did happen, there would be someone who was on board for the government
solution to it.
Very well said, do we have that queued up? Yeah, let's go ahead and play it.
That particular day, but I would feel confident that the bank or the government would step
in if it was like a widespread thing.
We're going to come back from break and play that again as we miss the first of it. But
again, ladies and gentlemen, we're seeing more and more like PR people. It's like that
cab driver show. What's the cab driver show where he goes out and ask them questions,
cash cab? And I don't watch a lot of TV, but I was on vacation a few weeks ago.
And so I was looking for something the kids could watch and I said, okay, this looks good.
And I immediately could tell it was actors. I immediately could tell it was actors. And
I went, sure enough, everybody else could tell that and they have actors show up to
an open screening that they don't tell them what it's gonna be.
And so it is real questions. It is real questions. So it is a real game, but the pool is from
actors to make sure they can only shoot once and get well spoken people. But they don't
tell you that on the show. So again, I could instantly look at that and I said, watch this
kids.
I got on my iPad, pulled it up and said, yep, actors. It was admitted that there'd been
controversy. It was actors. And it's the same thing. I may be wrong. My first gut reaction
was that's an actor, but then there's the extreme of that where everybody says I'm an
actor and I'm Bill Hicks, which isn't true. Don't look into it. It's not true. I'm not,
I'm not Bill Hicks. I'm not Sean Connery either. Oh, wait. And I'm not a, who's the three's
company guy. They think I'm him. Jett Ritter Ritter. I'm not Ritter. I'm not ready to prepare
by purchasing gold food and firearms, but if you don't have a home security system and
you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection, when you're sleeping
or away from home, who's watching out for intruders. Check out simply safe. It's a new
do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to get simply safe.com
simply safe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power. So even if the grid
goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable. So you can use it in your home
business boat trailer storage unit, or shed get simply safe.com. Simply safe is also ridiculously
easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes. So there's no need to let a stranger into
your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever
you go. You aren't always at home, but simply safe will stand guard protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's get simply safe.com. You've heard about
our MRE smorgasbord. Now long life food depot introduces the most unique safe and longest
lasting way to stash emergency food, the eat pod. Most survival food products recommend
an ideal storage environment including low temps, low moisture and low oxygen. If you're
storing in a basement too humid garages and attics too hot, but the waterproof double
walled high density polyethylene patent pending eat pod is a unique rollaway food bunker that
creates the perfect conditions can be buried up to 30 feet and can keep your survival food
supplies safe, secure, dry and virtually undetectable for 25 years or more. Get full details on
the eat pod at eat pod.com spelled e at pod.com or call 800-601-2833. That's 800-601-2833.
The eat pod from long life food depot. Since 1983, sending real food to your real future.
Hi, this is John O'Toole with Midas Resources, gold and silver company. We have all heard
of Rand Paul warning of an imminent currency crisis as a result of reckless spending on
Capitol Hill and endless wars overseas. But what are we doing to prepare for it? China,
India and numerous other countries are buying up gold and silver by the ton because they
know what's really going on. Don't you think it's time you do the same thing before it's
too late? Call me, John O'Toole today at 1-800-686-2237 extension 133 and find out why gold and silver
have been the true safe havens for over 5000 years. That's 1-800-686-2237 extension 133.
I'll send you a booklet highlighting 10 reasons why gold and silver are the only way to preserve
your purchasing power. Again, that's 1-800-686-2237 extension 133.
Digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins. That bears repeating.
Digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins. And ProEM-1 daily probiotic
cleanse is the key to digestive health. ProEM-1 is a powerful liquid probiotic, strong enough
to cleanse, gentle enough to use every day. ProEM-1 is dairy, wheat and soy free, contains
all natural and certified organic ingredients, contains no preservatives or animal products,
supports a healthy digestive and immune system, supports weight loss, improves absorption
of food nutrients, aids in controlling yeast infections, is never freeze dried and uses
three groups of live viable beneficial microbes to cleanse and remove toxins. Order ProEM-1
daily probiotic cleanse at tereganics.com, spelled T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X.com, tereganics.com
or call toll free, 866-369-3678. That's 866-369-3678. ProEM-1, the raw probiotic.
Yeah, the globalists have done a bad, bad thing. You know, I think if that guy is an
actor or looks like an actor, I know in the Chase ABC, it is California. We know they've
used actors before. If it is, and it's involved with Chase, this could all be a psyop to test
and see what we'll do if our money disappears out of our bank accounts. And notice this
happened why the whole Cyprus thing is going on. This is very, this is very, very, very,
very suspicious. We call the guy and get him on. I know with the Batman deal, a bunch of
the people were actors. See, the media is like, why are there theories that Sandy Hook
is actors? Well, because Don Salazar himself found instances of movie actors being victims
and then talking about how they survived, who just so happened to be in the Aurora shooting
supposedly.
And it was at least two moderate TV slash movie actors, both of them black, by the way.
And I said, don't even do the news report. It's just too far out for people. Now, then
everybody goes to the extreme of saying everybody's an actor. And again, when the government lies
so much, people lose confidence in everything and don't believe anything. And then like
schizophrenics are the new philosophers and just believe everything's a conspiracy when
it's not.
Cuz I can assure you, I'm not Bill Hicks. I'm not Ritter. I mean, they'll do these face
things where they go, look, it's 100% face match. And all they are using is some paint
program to say it's their face match. I mean, just amazing. But what do you expect? You're
gonna have that end of things when the government is saying there's no drones or no bullets
being bought.
By the way, in the next segment in studio, the maker of the printable gun, the lower
receiver, the receiver, the clips, all of it. They forgot to bring the clips since they're
coming in right now. And I'm gonna ask them, could they come out with a printable Barrett?
Now, it's kind of embarrassing. That barrel's dirty. It's time for me to clean this rifle.
We were shooting it a few weeks ago, and I haven't even cleaned it. I normally do. That's
how busy we've been. Can we cut to the wide shot here with the Barrett?
You can just use that camera right there if you want, or that camera over there. Yeah,
there you go. There you go, ladies and gentlemen. That's Marilyn and the other rifle's Betty
Page. You can call them whatever you want. We got three new shooting shows we're gonna
put out soon.
But speak of the devil, man, I was late at night when we got back. I didn't clean that
thing. What a crime. Look at that carbon scoring there. Looks like you guys see a lot of action.
What, with the rebellion at all? You know the rebellion? Anyways, total Star Wars nerddom
now.
Look at this. And there's the videos. We're gonna show you some of these for TV viewers.
And we come back with our guests where they fire with the lower receiver and the clip
through this. And that's the beginning of very, very big things. And it's really scared
the system. And I gotta, again, I give Don Salazar kudos.
He was one of the first to really report on this and help get the dinosaur media onto
it. Now it's a big story. And the ATF went and wanted the printer back that he had from
the manufacturer he rented it from and just all this classic garbage. We're talking about
an equalizing force against the tyrants.
Let's go ahead and talk to Paul in New Jersey, another caller from New Jersey. You're on
the air, welcome.
Yeah, it's a beautiful day here. But you're talking about that. We've been taking over
a long time ago. And the Federal Reserve and then he moved on in 1935 to set up the US
corporation after the bankruptcy.
And they want this manipulated when you get everybody on electronically and they can wipe
you out if you say anything.
No, that's it. Once you're electronic, they can take five bucks out of the transactions
like Bank of America, track everything, control you. And now they're moving to ban cash all
over the world. They got billboards up that cash is dirty and can't use it in secondhand
transactions in New Orleans or in Louisiana.
And garage sales are illegal all over the country and in many areas. You're absolutely
right, Paul.
Right. And it's amazing what they're doing at some point. They want Social Security to
go on debit cards now. They're gonna send you a debit card.
But pretty soon people won't even know how to get a check and go deposit it. And then
soon it'll be, you have no money in the account. You're like, I have my printout. I had $1,000.
No, that's a conspiracy theory. Officers remove him. And you're like, I have the printout.
Shut up. Pretty soon if you say the sun comes up, you're a conspiracy theorist. It has to
be said by mainstream television or it doesn't exist.
God bless you. Here's that clip again of the guy going, I trust the government. I'm totally
glad that they're there operating and will take care of me. Here's that clip.
A nightmare tonight for Chase customers coast to coast. They go online to discover their
checking account. Balances are showing zero. Efforts to correct the glitch began immediately.
And Eyewitness News reporter John Hartung is live in Burbank now to tell us how things
have turned out. John?
Well, Michelle, this is the second time in less than a week that Chase Bank has had some
problems with their online banking. But this time it caused momentary panic for some of
their customers who actually thought that someone had gotten into their accounts and
swiped all of their money.
All right, again, folks. Again, I want you to hear the first clip. When we come back,
I'll play the part with the local citizen who looks just like an actor I've seen telling
us how great it all is and how much you totally trust Chase and the government to save us.
And then we'll have our guest here in studio straight ahead. Infowars.com, PrisonBlinded.com.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system,
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping
or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out simply safe. It's a new
do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to get simply safe
dot com. Simply safe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power. So even
if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it
in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed. Get simply safe calm. Simply
safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes. So there's no
need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take
the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home, but simply safe will stand
guard protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's get
simply safe dot com. If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened
every day. If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better. You know, gas
and food prices are skyrocketing. Now is the time to get prepared. For years, we've told
you about our friends at E Foods Direct. They have the best tasting long term storable food
on the planet. This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight.
A long term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing
you need most. Be prepared and get your supply from E Foods Direct. Right now is the best
time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give
yourself peace of mind and be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com
slash Alex. Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go
to efoodsdirect.com slash Alex. You can bet your life on E Foods Direct. If you want an
American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal-Bend Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These all natural soaps
are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth friendly and
safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Buy
the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what you're
using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs.
This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real
soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free
catalog.
Alright folks, again, Chase customers see bank balance reduced to zero and you get this
bizarre ABC Los Angeles report where they just say, don't worry, the government would
take care of it if there was a problem. Just like New Orleans, just like Katrina, just
like Sandy, the hurricane, just like all of this stuff. All they'll do is use it as an
excuse to take your property. And I believe more and more with this coinciding with the
money being taken out in Europe, that they're doing this on purpose.
And I find the whole thing very, very suspicious. Chase is at the very top of the banking pyramid
in the New World Order. And again, here's the local resident in California saying how
much he trusts the government. Here it is.
My concern would be not having that money available.
We had a little computer collection there. We're having a problem with the computer in
there today. It's funny, once a clip starts messing up, you're never gonna get it. Guys,
what do you make here? Daniel Bazel, the co-director with Cody R Wilson of Defense Distributed,
that's come out with the printable firearms that's become such a big news story the last
few months.
What do you make of the deposit situation?
Yeah, and what's happening in Europe?
The Cypriot situation is so good, right? Because these are supposed to be guaranteed deposits
by banks, right? Guaranteed you'll fucking lose them, you know what I'm saying?
We can't, this is actually on AM and FM stations. We can't cuss in here.
Okay, well, one mistake, right? We'll make it again.
But one more, we gotta get you out of here cuz it's FCC stuff and we're under that.
You bet, I understand.
We're trying to defeat that though.
Yeah, so the idea is that, yeah, so these institutions will totally control. You've
lost all faith in institutional banking at this point. And this was supposed to be some
guarantee of the credibility of banking institutions. And they did a stress test 18 months ago,
and these banks were supposed to come back, great, great, super great, and what, 10%.
And I think they're gonna make some concessions and not take some people's money under 100,000.
But I mean, this is a guarantee of what the strategy is gonna be going forward. You're
going to lose your deposits in traditional banks.
And I guess they're just gonna do it over and over again with small ones till everybody
says it's no big deal and you're bad if you don't want them to take all your money.
Or they'll take it and say they didn't, even though they do, maybe it'll be an arrestable
offense to say they took your money.
Well, do you see how the Troika and the president of Cyprus are doing this? They don't actually
have the will in their own Congress to pass this in Cyprus. So the Eurocrats are simply
gonna have to come in at some point and say, well, we'll take all the foreigners' deposits.
It's gonna get so ridiculous and it's gonna edge up from 15 to 20 to 30% of billionaire's
money and it's gonna be this populist play on, well, we're gonna take their money, we're
never gonna take your money.
The play's not over. It's gonna get more ridiculous before this is settled.
What is the best website for people to visit, Defense Distributed, to see all the videos
and info you guys have?
Man, the very best website is still defenestdistributed.com. That's where all of our videos and our FAQs
are and everything. But the place most people go is defcad.org because it has all of our
files. You can download all the gun parts there.
So you've publicly done this. And again, you guys really are trailblazers in what you're
doing. And here we are with the archaic FCC system. I apologize that you can't use the
language you want to. They'll just fine our stations if it starts. No, no, no. It's insane
how it works. I'd like to see an end to that, Tyranny.
But expanding on this, break down the history, both of you. Break down the history here of
how this started and now why it's so important and why it sent shockwaves through the system,
Cody.
You mean the printable gun idea?
The printable gun idea and the ATF getting involved and everything that's happened.
Yeah, this is right now a symbol of the reversibility of institutional control of property, specifically
dangerous property, right, like the firearm. And we know that there's been a multigenerational
effort, especially in the 20th century, to take the battle rifle out of the hands of
Americans, right?
The battle rifle is the birthright of patriotic Americans out of their hands. This is a sign
of the reversibility of the entire program.
And we'll show people a document cam shot of that rifle right there watching on TV.
Now, we're not going to be able to print, especially in these materials, an entire AR-15.
But since we just got our FFL, our license to manufacture from the government, we are
legally going to be able to make a printable handgun.
Here you go. I mean, if you guys just cut to my camera and show people what it looks
like right there, I think our try casters having a heart attack or something today.
That lower receiver that you see in white, this is not an SLA printed piece and the distinction
is important. This is actually very cheaply made, FDM printed piece. This is a kind of
piece you could make yourself with an Ultimaker or MakerBot, machines that are less than $5,000,
sometimes less than $2,000.
And the piece itself costs less than $20, and that's an expensive way to make that piece.
Some of these pieces could be made for $15.
And you have the videos on defcad.org. Well, that's where the files are. But on your other
side, you have the videos, we played clips of them here and on the Nightly News, where
you're firing bullets through these. I mean, these are really working well, and this is
just in its beginning stages, and you're just an individual with a few other people.
That's the power, right? I'm just one guy in his garage, you know? And there's some
people helping me. Sure, we've had some money, but you don't need to spend the money and
spend all the time that we did to do something like this. It's very simple to do.
Now, you've got some new magazines or clips here.
The blue one is the one I want you to take a look at. That was printed in FDM for less
than $15. It's a very simple and it's like the same material Lego is made out of. It's
made out of one of these extruder printers. You can feel it. It almost feels, well, it
probably feels flimsy to you, but it works in the air just fine. I fired hundreds of
rounds out of that magazine, starting to show some wear because of how many times I've thrown
it around and stuff.
So cheap to make, so easy to make. You can download the file today. And just like some
of these magazines are maybe still like 60, 70 bucks online, you can make that in your
home for 15 bucks.
Amazing. Now, go over the history of this because, I mean, the media has been saying,
this is dangerous. This is revolutionary. I mean, the idea is really threatening the
establishment. How many newspapers and TV reports have you guys now been in?
It's countless. I mean, it's totally countless. There's no way for me to even. It's been ridiculous
since October, at least, and we got started in earnest in August. But now they're really
upset because we've got this license. So we have carte blanche basically to make whatever
we want.
For the longest, we had to do just parts that any individual could legally make. So receivers,
magazines, these things. Now we can make handguns, short-belled rifles, automatics. We can do
all kinds of things.
Find the license.
Yeah, so we applied for a federal firearms license to manufacture firearms. Manufacture
is different from making. So there's a category, there's whole categories of weapons you can't
make as a private individual unless you have license. And this is right, we don't believe
in license as an idea, but we wanted to do this and do it in America, do it in the United
States.
One, just for the propaganda saying, look, I had an idea, I could have done it in a month,
but because of the licensing regime and the laws, it took me $40,000 in eight months.
This serves its own value. So we get a license to do it in America.
Well, I just really appreciate you guys. Tell the listeners how this idea began, who's involved.
And I know we were only set up for one interview, but I'm glad that your co-director came in
as well. Maybe he should say some words, hand him that microphone.
Yeah, if he'd like to. I mean, he wouldn't like to.
I didn't know I was even gonna be on there.
Okay, well, it's good to have you here. But who started the idea for this? How many guys
are you? What's the game plan?
Once distributed directorship is only three individuals and it began mostly as three individuals.
We thought, well, how interesting would it be not just to 3D print a gun, but to open
source it and then allow anyone in the world to 3D print a gun, regardless of whatever
their laws had to say. Perhaps that would be socially significant project, a politically
significant project.
And so it began, the questions really began, how do we take this from theory into reality?
And we did the dirty work, right, of just getting down, getting some books, getting
access to 3D printers and just trying to make things. And the biggest, go ahead.
No, no, no, I was thinking now, now this really works great. Please continue.
Well, in AR, sure, we've demonstrated that the pieces work just fine. But in fact, that
wasn't really a surprise. You can buy commercial versions of polymer pieces like these already.
We were just trying to show, especially post Sandy Hook, there's no meaningful way of regulating
components of an AR-15 anymore, unless you build a massive superstructure.
I'm sure there's idiot politicians who are willing to do that. But money doesn't grow
on trees in the US anymore. You know what I mean? We're in a massive deficit situation.
So it's really a pipe dream to think you can really regulate this rifle anymore. That serves
that function.
But now that we have a license, we can do what we originally wanted to do, which is
developed something like a single shot, completely printable plastic gun. Yes, it's undetectable,
but more importantly, it's unobservable by institutions and countries and sovereigns.
You can download it from the internet, print it on your home in the comfort of your own,
you know what I mean? The privacy of your own home. And this might be a politically
important object.
Well, no kidding. You can send your operatives into a country, if you were a government,
they can print their weapons in country in some place like North Korea and then go take
out somebody that way. I mean, to use kind of a James Bond angle, but how much would
it cost to get the printer if you have the know-how? Well, you have the plans online
and in the future ballpark, you know, if you have the printer and if you got the plans
off defcad.org, how much to print the entire AR-15?
That's outside of our technological capability. The AR is such a high power rifle platform
that the materials at least we're working with right now can't withstand the pressures
of a high caliber rifle round like that. But we have proof that you can make handgun concepts.
Now, maybe not multiple rounds, maybe like five or six, maybe 10. So we're coming to
that, we're not there yet, so I can't answer that question. But right now in the materials
we have, we were trying to see what guns can you make and what we have right now, if that
makes sense.
And it's, I mean, amazing is the word. And again, this is just, I mean, what is your
engineering skill? How did you guys put this together?
Oh, the learning curve was steep for me. I have a liberal arts background, man. So I
just like learned how to do this on the fly. And now I could say I'm pretty good with putting
guns together and talking about chamber pressures and tensile strengths and things.
And I think that's what scares the system. Who are your political heroes? I mean, what
woke you up?
Well, I like, I like Camus, man. I like Michel Foucault. I like the French social theorists,
people that aren't typically named by Americans, I guess. But I like people who just try to
radicalize students and conservatives and say, you know what? Things are about liberty.
They're not about politics, not about Democrats.
I agree.
Republican, it's about liberty.
It's about are you for freedom or are you not?
Yes, are you going to resist?
They want to make it left and right to confuse it and muddle it.
Precisely. So I'm an anarchist and the anarchist tradition is something I read a lot about
lately. So you could say anarchism is the school that I subscribe to. But I believe
that that's a very rich school and a neglected school, especially post Marxist experience.
There's a lot of cool things happening in the world on the Internet right now, but you're
going to make Marxism, not irrelevant, but anarchism very relevant.
Well, I mean, as you know, Marx and others actually talked about total manufacturing,
you know, private factories and how that would empower everybody. But the globalists have
actually used it as a way to control the means of production with the cheap production that
have us sell our souls for baubles. And so they've kind of reversed that whole paradigm.
This is the problem with progressivism, which tries to identify itself as leftist. And I
don't think it is because all they love is monopoly capitalism. They say, well, we're
about equality, but let's control it with corporations and the government. It's ridiculous
to me.
So I think in many meaningful ways, I'm a real leftist and these progressives aren't
Indian. These liberals aren't. They're all neither party in America challenges. Well,
a liberal would want the individual to be totally empowered. Instead, these people are
the opposite. They're more like Borg or space aliens, right? They believe I can empower
you the best by empowering you at the end of a barrel of some institutional gun.
You know, you're going to be you're going to be equal or else, you know, but then they
don't all they creates division will turn on MSNBC. Yeah, it's lazy. It's lazy moralisms
disguised as meaningful politics. Exactly. They claim they're all these nice things when
they're monsters. Yeah. And they believe, well, the most efficient way we can get things
done is to centralize power and force you to do things because it's just it's just socialism
from above, you know? Well, I don't want to just sit here and throw questions out at you.
What do you want to impart to the viewers and listeners? Cody are Wilson of Defense
Distributed is in here with us and he lives here in Austin, Texas.
And you know, we've been reporting on this since last year. Don Salazar was, hey, this
guy can print a gun. This is interesting and hardly gotten any press. I'm not bragging
that we kind of push it out there, but I'm glad that this idea, you know, has broken
out there. And I wonder what other cool stuff's going on in the printable revolution we don't
know about. Well, I want to tell you about and your listeners about Def Cad dot com.
We're trying to raise money for Def Cad dot com as a search engine, an open source search
engine for basically anything. We see that the resistance going forward is going to be
about access to objects, period. Just like how music became software objects are now
becoming software and there's going to be interested parties and institutions that don't
want you to be able to have access to things. We think especially for the success of Liberty
going forward, you're gonna have to be able to find something on the Internet and be able
to print it.
And this our site will be the first. We're the only site with gun files. We're the only
site with medical device files. We think you should be able to have direct access to things.
This is total revolution. And just like, quote, illegal downloading, it's so ubiquitous they
can't stop it. Isn't the secret to this is to make it totally ubiquitous and get so many
steps ahead of them that they never catch back up. The secret is to get it into the
Internet and in such a way that you can find it anywhere and it can never be stopped.
And that's what's happened, especially with the gun parts. And so we know as soon as we
have a printable firearm and look for that in about a month, right? It will be on the
Internet forever. And this is why the Internet is an anarchy and it's the most successful
global anarchy in history.
This is why we think these concepts are important. No one can take those things from you. They're
online forever.
Well, very well said. And I'm just extremely excited about everything that you guys are
up to and what you're doing. Again, the pushback. I mean, at first, what was it last year we
reported when the ATF put pressure on the company you rented the printer from to make
them take it back. But that didn't stop you.
You know, I think it happened in reverse. The company first decided they didn't want
to participate and then tipped off the ATF about it.
These industry people work hand in hand with the government. That's our problem. They're
collusive. They believe that they're a political class and should keep the means of production
out of your hands.
I've noticed that people at the lowest level of groveling, it's a religion to hammer their
fellow humans and things and they get off on it. It's like a reflected glory. The state
is them. It's like some giant exoskeleton they're putting on.
Yeah, there's this.
But it's not.
Well, I mean, it's this collective fiction. You're right. But there's also this no bless
obliques. Well, we have the money and we have the factories and we should keep this out
of the hands of the hoi polloi, you know, well, they might do something dangerous and
hurt themselves.
And I hate this attitude. And I think it's something we have to increasingly, well, I
don't know, disintegrate going forward. So defcad.com is one of the things we're going
to do to build up a place and software on the Internet where you're always going to
be able to find access to things increasingly.
If you want to, you'll be able to make it and no one's going to have anything to say
about it. And again, people can just donate or can they invest? No, they can. They can
invest. We don't have an equity structure right now, but we're trying to get off the
ground version one. We're just trying to get off the ground. Well, I mean, this is investing
in just pure original research and breaking paradigms.
I mean, I agree with a lot of the analysts out there that have said, I think I've seen
some of the articles where they say you're one of the most dangerous people out there
alive. Yeah, one of the most polarizing figures in technology. But this is from people who,
of course, I'm dangerous to their world view. Right. Oh, no, no, no. Hey, welcome to the
club. Southern Poverty Law Center says I'm incredibly dangerous.
I mean, they say I'm a terrorist leader. That's a distinction. I'm a terrorist. I mean, you
should be honored. I guess I terrorize tyrants. Well, exactly. Who do you terrorize? Who is
terrorized? Dangerous to what? Dangerous to whom? And I think we said this before last
time we were together. Fine, of course, I'm dangerous to that old way of thinking. Yeah,
I don't need really to use cuss words to describe things, but sometimes, but I mean, I'm not
being insulting, but sometimes you do need it as a verbal flourish to really describe
something.
But so what? We should be able to speak like we want. I mean, I love that line out of Apocalypse
Now where he says, we dropped napalm death on villages of children, but then we court
marshal the pilots if they write the F word on their airplane. It's like you're gonna
burn up kids with napalm. That's okay, but don't say the F word. I mean, see how they
morally quantitate things.
It's us versus them, right? And it's here versus there. So Diane Feinstein can get in
front of Ted Cruz and say, well, I've seen the bodies, Senator. I've seen the body. Well,
have you seen the bodies, Senator Feinstein, of the people you've droned, right? The many
children that, right, that your foreign policy leads to, that burn to a crisp from hellfire
missiles in many, what, countries all over the world?
That she's killed. Yeah, she's on the committees. Of course, she has a hand in their deaths,
right? But she can't-
She sends robot Skynet to kill whole villages. No question.
She's gonna tell us about we're collectively guilty for kids that we didn't kill.
Our liberty is the problem. We have no connection to those dead kids, not one one billionth
of any guilt. But then she has culpable guilt in death list, and she's telling us about
murderers.
That the disconnect couldn't be greater, right? She can't see it. I really believe she can't
put it together.
Ah, I think she lets her chops over it.
Maybe she does. It just seems to me a massive dissonance, you know?
Well, most of them can't see it. You're right. But Diane Feinstein, if there's a witch that
turns green at night and flies around the brim with black smoke coming out the back,
it's her.
You know what? I'll give you that. I'll give you that.
Hey, this is amazing. Stay there. We'll be right back on the other side. The printable
3D gun revolution.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day. If you're
listening, you know the economy is not getting better. You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared. For years, we've told you about our friends at eFoods
Direct. They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food on the planet. This food will
taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long-term food supply allows
you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most. Be prepared
and get your supply from eFoods Direct. Right now is the best time to stock up and save
hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give yourself peace of
mind and be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex. Get
free shipping on all orders for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com
slash Alex. You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
Don't throw away leftovers. Instead, throw all your leftovers, vegetable peels, egg shells,
coffee grounds, pizza crusts, and more into the Bokashi. If you love to garden and compost
but don't like the hassle of turning a compost bin or the smell, then check out the EM Bokashi
Food Waste Recycling System from Terreganics. Finally, a way to recycle all your food and
plant waste safely and effectively and stop using fertilizers. The EM Bokashi Food Waste
Recycling System. Rather than decomposition, the Bokashi system uses fermentation to break
down waste so it takes less time to create nutrient-dense humus for crops or gardens
with no turning and no obnoxious odors. To learn more and order your Bokashi online,
visit Terreganics.com and click on the orange button. That's Terreganics.com, spelled T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X.com
or call 866-369-3678. That's 866-369-3678. Recycle all your food wastes in about six
weeks with the Bokashi Food Waste Recycling System from Terreganics.com. Terreganics.
Life's getting better. Do you suffer from low-functioning adrenal or thyroid gland?
Did you know that mercury from your dental fillings comes off your teeth both as a vapor
and as metal particles into your body? Wherever mercury deposits in your body, it stops cells
from functioning normally. Animal studies show that mercury causes kidney function to
drop by 60%. Mercury deposited into your adrenals or thyroid will cause a corresponding drop
in function. The number one method by which your body detoxifies itself of mercury is
glutathione. The number one superfood that helps turn on all 75 trillion cells in your
body to produce glutathione is non-denatured whey protein from grass-fed cows. After investigating
most high-end whey proteins on the market, only one is the most non-denatured, the most
active, the most complete, and in our opinion, the most powerful in what nature originally
put into the fresh raw whey. It is One World Whey. Call 888-988-3325. That's 888-988-3325.
Or visit OneWorldWhey.com. That's OneWorldW-H-E-Y.com.
Well, if you go to Defcad.org, you can download their printable lowers for an M4 and different
designs for the magazines, clips, depending on what name you want to use. There's a big
debate over whether you should call them magazine or clips. The point is you put cartridges
in them that have little explosive powder in them that fires a projectile down the barrel.
Now look at this 50-caliber Barrett. Is that not a beautiful thing? Cody, could you someday
see us having a Barrett like this printable? Could the Barrett company come out with a
printable design?
There's no question it can be printed. The question is what's the material and what's
the cost? And so I don't know how economical it will be, but I'll tell you, I do have one
of these magazines sitting around in my apartment that we're going to try to print just to see
if we can do it.
Do you have a Barrett?
No, I don't have one. I couldn't afford something.
Hey, would you like to go out with us shooting?
Of course, yeah. Or would you like to come with me?
Yeah, but let's go.
I'm out every weekend, man. So yeah, let's do it.
We've got a great place to go shooting here.
Really?
12,000 acres.
No kidding.
Yeah, but let's shoot these babies. We ought to have that.
I want to go, yeah.
All right. You hear that, Shane Steiner listening? We're ready to take the printable. No, man,
you were saying during the break, you know, I feel like I'm not connecting well with your
audience. You always feel like that when you're on air, but you're doing it. I mean, I do
personally. You guys are doing a killer job.
I appreciate that, man. People email me all the time and say, well, what can we do to
help? What can we do? And it's not just donations. No, no, no. We're launching a service right
now called DefCAD.com. You can go there and see what we're planning, what we're going
to launch. It'll be live in like 20 days. And we think it's going to be the first important
search engine for 3D printing. And maybe that's not interesting right now. A lot of people
don't 3D print.
Hey, I love that. The island of misfit objects.
We named it that because all the other 3D printing repositories out there, the people
that are supposed to be committed to openness and access take down the gun files. It's not
illegal to make a gun in this country. It's not illegal at all. It's illegal to possess
drug paraphernalia, but that stuff's on their databases, right? There's like this social
problem with gun parts.
Well, no, no. What did the attorney general say? He said, we need to make it like porn
you put in a black bag. We need to demonize it so it's not seen as socially okay. Well,
what about government having all the weapons? I mean, I see that as socially wrong.
I'm completely with you. This is not a gun project so much as it is an equality project,
right? We're saying you should have access to the firearm, right? Why shouldn't you?
And so many people are, I think Eric called you the word brainwash back in the 90s.
Okay, so let's brainwash people.
So many people are brainwashed, especially the people in the UK and Australia, right?
They're like, well, I don't want this. This is disgusting. Well, fine, but why shouldn't
you have the freedom to possess it?
Well, why are they demonizing cash and gold and silver? How many times has somebody been
arrested for using cash or showing people silver coins? I had a friend down at UT arrested
because they thought a silver coin was illegal.
Arrested?
Yeah, this is about 10 years ago. Chris Athanas was down there showing people silver coins
talking up silver and the police came and arrested him. It was in the news.
I hope he went to court over it, got a false arrest.
Well listen, he was on the edge of UT property, had a concealed carry, wasn't on it. They
still successfully charged him. They came because people reported him for silver thinking
it was illegal. Listen, I've had silver coins out and had people ask me at the park, is
that legal?
What?
No, no, it's a religion of slavery. What do you call that where you love groveling and
you love evil?
I know what you're talking about, yeah.
Jellyfishism?
Well, it's a masochism, right? It's like, no, I deserve to be under this boot. This
is where I belong.
Yeah, they've got all these movies where it's sexy to be tortured and 50 Shades of Grey.
There's something to-
I'm ready for it to be massaged on my shoulders. I don't want any pain here.
There is a socio-political connection there between, yeah, I think I'm with you. These
people I think love the getting rid of the pain of being human beings. They don't want
to have to deal with their-
Well, they just associate the state as power and they believe by worshiping it, they have
gained Valhalla.
Secular religion, right? Of course. I mean, why did Leninism take religious institutions
as one of its primary enemies, yeah? There can be no competition.
It was a competition.
There can be no competition for Mother State, yeah.
No, that's it. The state is God, is the new world order. Gentlemen, stay there. I want
to hear more about deathcad.com, coming soon to the info war.
Thank you for listening to GCN. Visit GCNlive.com today.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions
are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you
for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective
against bacteria, viruses, moles, and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver
has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared, go to SupernaturalSilver.com. Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your
entire order and like us on Facebook. Coast to Coast, direct from Austin. You're listening
to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network. Big Brother. Mean. Big Brother. Mainstream Media.
Government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio
Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones. Now, you recently traveled to
Europe, Cody R. Wilson, one of the creators of the defense-distributed criminal gun revolution,
which we know they got big companies already doing this, but it's all been kept really
quiet. You're distributing it. You're getting it down to the grassroots. You wanted to talk
about Bitcoin, though. I did, especially after this Cyprus experience, and we had this anxiety
about Chase Bank taking deposits. And of course, we all know they're going to nationalize our
401Ks eventually, and they're going to have periphery capital controls, and you won't
be able to trade the stock exchange, and they'll do bank holidays. This is all coming because
the budget's wrecked, you know. But there are already politically impervious currencies
that you can use. One of them is called Bitcoin. And it's not just e-gold, and it's not just
baseball cards, all right? It is a pure currency in the Austrian sense. You can buy into it
today through services like coinbase.org or coinbase.com or Mt. Gox, or there's global
exchanges all over. Just Google Bitcoin. You can put your dollars into it. One Bitcoin
is already worth over 50 US dollars. In August, they were worth 13. The values of these Bitcoin
increased dramatically.
Now, you just recently traveled to Austria to discuss some money issues.
Yeah.
That secret?
I did. No, it's not so secret. No, I toured a bunch of hackerspaces and gave some presentations
to Bitcoin people and met some Bitcoin developers. There's a lot of crossover between the Defense
Distributed Project and Bitcoin.
No, I know.
Yeah.
Well, how would you describe them? Kind of libertarian anarchist?
Yeah, I think they mean the same things, which is that, you know, the technology, important
technologies like currencies and implements of liberation like firearms should be distributed
and should be software.
This really is the ultimate revolution because they're going to try to do this with cybernetic
technology and use it as back doors to control us. Everything is going to be hacked. They
think they're going to hack us. We're going to hack them.
Yeah. The front end is them hacking us with like Google Glass, for example. The back end
is us hacking them completely with something like Bitcoin. When you crypto and archives,
if I can use that as a verb, when you take currency away from them, what do they have?
You know, what does the military industrial complex, what do they have when you're no
longer holding their dollars? You know, you're no longer trading in their currencies. I don't
have to buy oil in the market like they do.
I can trade Bitcoin. I can send it instantly to anyone anywhere in the world. There aren't
institutional controls. There aren't verification checks. No one can see it because it's behind
crypto. The revolution is right now.
You're telling me about friends in San Francisco that are about to launch something big.
Oh, no, they've already launched it. It's called Coinbase. It's one of the fastest growing
and most popular Bitcoin exchanges.
Sure. But you're saying it's about to go to this new level.
Oh, they're about to get a bunch of funding. Yeah. They've proven that their business model
works. You can go on there right now. You can sell 100 Bitcoin a day. You can buy 10
Bitcoin a day. You can do it easy and they can link it up to your bank accounts and everything.
So it's just one of the easiest ways to buy and sell Bitcoin and one of the most accessible.
Is Peter Thiel involved anywhere in this?
Well, I don't know if he is publicly or not. I can't speak to that. But I know that people
that think like him, people with that founders fund mentality and the idea that like libertarian
corporations are the future are looking at companies like Coinbase and that they want
to fund them.
Yeah, but I mean, it's just like Rand Paul just won the CPAC deal and now the neocons
love him. I think they're trying to adopt it to take it over.
Well, you mean Bitcoin itself?
Well, I mean, Peter Thiel.
Oh, well, yeah. So there's this adoption in these things. But look, you're getting into
a technology where it doesn't matter who likes it and who doesn't. It works and it doesn't
have politics in that sense. I don't have to convert you into some kind of crazy anarchist
to get you to admit that one Bitcoin is worth 50 US dollars. You know, it's just economics,
man.
Well, you know, anarchy of ideas and the true withering away of the state. I mean, that's
where they say Marx created this total state. But he was talking about actually the end
of the state. But then it's just walking around in circles. But something like this is what
really could do that.
Yeah, to write it the easiest way. Marx imagined the end of the state through state mechanisms,
right? And anarchists say, no, no, you just build up this freedom and these spheres of
freedom inside the shell of the old order. And one day you look around, you realize,
oh, it was just a shell. You know, it could never get at what we were doing. You dissolve
the shell precisely. And that's got to be true about something like Bitcoin. I mean,
once the commercial transactions for our day to day things are mostly handled by us and
peer to peer and over the Internet and on our computers.
I'm not going to be going to Chase Bank to make a deposit. Let's talk more about that
on the other side and see if we can get Daniel to talk to us. You want to go on air? How
did you get involved in all this? I don't know. All right. Stay there. We're going to
come back. You guys will keep doing some more. It's up to you, man. Let's do it. Let's come
right back and talk more about Jeff Kidd.
Hello, I'm Alex Jones. Myself, my family, the info wars dot com team want to relay to
you and your families that we are intensifying our efforts against the globalist on every
front. Info wars dot com is leading the fight against the technocrats. But we can't do that
without your help by getting the films, bumper stickers and T-shirts and info wars dot com.
You will wake up people in your area and support our operation as we move to the next level.
We need your help to spread the word like never before. They wish to hide themselves
during this tectonic battle between the forces of freedom and darkness. You are the response
to the globalist technocrats and their program of global eugenics, dehumanization and ultimate
extermination.
The war is here. It's an info war. The spirit of seventeen seventy six versus the mindset
of nineteen eighty four. Hello, this is Ty Bollinger, author of the best selling book
cancer step outside the box. I want you to know some very important information. In nineteen
eighty five, President Ronald Reagan requested that carnivore be sent directly to the White
House at a time when only the president could obtain this world class healer. Now, twenty
seven years later, carnivore capsules are used around the world to keep people healthy.
Now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in this age of superbugs with seventeen
naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal cells only without harming
a single normal cell. If you want to stay healthy, now's your chance to literally wake
up your critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders that don't belong in your body. Call
one eight six six Venus Fly or order from Carnivora dot com. That's c a r n i v o r a
dot com. That's one eight six six eight three six eight seven three five one eight six six
Venus Fly or visit carnivora dot com. Protect your immune system. It's the only one you've
got. What's safer and cheaper than prescription drugs? Glad you asked. The answer is renovation
teas. Herbal remedies are much safer and much cheaper than prescription drugs taste great.
And most importantly, herbal teas are effective and non addictive. Renovation tea is especially
unique. And here's why. We spent years researching herbs and their beneficial properties. Renovation
teas uses only one hundred percent organic fair trade herbs. Our teas are blended towards
specific ailments and health conditions such as diabetes, blood pressure, anxiety, libido,
detox and much more. All renovation teas are formulated and hand filled in Arkansas. Take
care of yourself naturally the way mother nature intended. Order renovation teas at
renovation tea dot com or call eight seven oh seven eight four three one two one. That's
eight seven oh seven eight four three one two one. Renovation teas renovate your health
one bag at a time. From his central Texas command center deep behind enemy lines, the
information war continues. It's Alex Jones and the GCN radio network. Well, chances are
in the last three or four months you've seen him on every major news channel in the country
and overseas. Defcad dot org. Cody R. Wilson right here in Austin, Texas. And again, in
full wars dot com was one of the first media outlets to start paying attention to it because
we realized it was important that individuals, not just big companies, could print the magazines,
the clips, the lower receivers, that larger companies and then finally smaller companies
and then individuals could print entire firearms. And across the board, this is beginning to
happen. And there's a lot of, you know, high end defense companies that are doing this.
But in the future, you'll have you'll have composite materials that individuals can get
that will actually be able to handle the pressures of the actual firearm. Break down some more
of the science, Cody, and other points that are important for people to be aware of when
it comes to printing a gun. Yes, yeah, well, the biggest thing is we're moving into barrels
right now.
So we're trying to see like, okay, can you make a plastic barrel? And the conventionalism
is no, of course you can't. But we're seeing that you can. The only problem is the plastic
expands quite a bit and it's brittle. I don't want to be around while you're testing this.
It's remote fire mechanisms. So we don't hold in our hand. No, I know I'm joking. Yeah.
So right. We've explosions happen. But at the same time, there are some and I don't
reveal too much. Right. But we we have found some ways of making printable guns work and
they're going to work. And we're going to we haven't shown any of those videos yet.
If people go to defense distributed, the official website, those videos are up there. We can
show viewers where you're they're shooting hundreds and hundreds of rounds out of here.
Okay. So on those videos, those are proving that certain components work. So these aren't
that the magazine, the clip works exactly like the clip works and then and then lower
receivers work in one of the videos that's blown up a lot lately. But these aren't whole
printed guns, which is something we want to do and haven't really done for public consumption
yet. I'm just kind of telling you it's about to happen. Sure. Shifting gears just into
the overall why this threatens the establishment for people that don't understand why this
is revolutionary.
Why is the system so threatened? I mean, put it in layman's terms, man. I hope that it
is threatened and maybe it's naive for me to think that it is. But this is a symbol
that you can make something important for yourself, something they don't want you to
have, especially after Sandy Hook. In a moment, they really don't want you to have it. That's
important that people can people can say, oh, wow, you know, real politics is I can
do whatever I want, regardless of what the state blares at me through the TV and on the
radio all the time. It's just teaching contempt for the legislative process. Well, look at
how the Congress exempts themselves from insider trading. Look at how how the banksters exempt
themselves. I mean, this cannot go on forever. And no amount of state force is going to protect
them.
Yeah. All the state understands, I think, is force. And what can you do when you just
disappear withholding something like Bitcoin and you simply just choose not to pick up
a dollar from the ATM? You know, the velocity of their money decreases. What can they do?
They can't tax you into commerce. Oh, that's right. Yes, they can. Obamacare, you know,
so it'll be more programs like that.
And that's why they want to go back to an old dark age and they romanticize a post industrial
world for us while they're in the high tech reservations is because that's the only way
they stay in power is stopping progress. Everything at this point seems to be about maintenance
and centralization of power going forward. Not even like not even an elite necessarily.
Just the idea is that like there need to be different classes of people. Absolutely. And
guys, if you punch up my computer for TV viewers, I can show them some of the videos that the
students distributed.
Don't show them that one. Why? Well, that's just me talking about Defcad. So it's not
a gun video, but sure. Let's go over this together. You've got media here. Is that probably
where we should go? I will go to the video area. Yeah, it's a good way to go. Yeah. Just
go to YouTube and check out our videos. Sure. I'm just showing folks out there that are
watching us on TV. You know, there you are in Glenn back. And that's a pretty good one
where we shoot the air mag part two.
I think that's where I said, how's that national conversation going? It was important time
to ask that question, by the way. So again, folks, you can just go to defense distributed
YouTube channel and see all of these. But there's the mag 223. I think that was right
when New York was passing its law, arbitrarily banning magazines that could hold over seven
rounds.
And you know, Feinstein wanted them on the block too. And we're saying, look, it doesn't
matter what you have to say about it. We can have this pantomime conversation. But look,
one guy in a 3D printer just gave this to the internet. And is that one you printed
right there? Yes. This piece is much like this one. So this is an FDM printed piece.
The dimensions are somewhat different on this one.
And that's a drum. That's a drum mag. Yeah, we didn't print that one. But the receiver,
the point was to show the receiver holds up to fire indefinitely. So it's not gonna break
from firing stresses or recoil or anything like that. This is a receiver that you can
print out inexpensively that'll substitute a commercial receiver.
Well, it's all very, very exciting. What about this? Defense distributed AR lower Christmas
review.
This is one of the one of the first times we got our lowers to do more than 30, 40 rounds.
So the media kind of the media circus left us in December. They're like, well, yeah,
you can print gun parts, but they break quickly. No, we had we had very quickly turned around.
Well, yeah, I mean, it's like people that say the government's going to combat robots,
but they're, you know, they fall over easily. Yeah, they're going to develop. You know,
it's like when they were training Boy Scouts four years ago to confiscate guns and like,
oh, I'll kill those 14 year olds.
Well, number one, that's not true. Fourteen year olds make some of the best soldiers out
there because they don't care about dying. But but I mean, you know, child soldiers historically,
but in four years, they're going to be 18. Folks, the best age for soldiers. You know,
the issue is it's this cop out, you know, that goes on.
I'm with you. These are these are just different videos from media and parts we approve. And
yeah, I think the big thing is we're launching a search engine that we think is is going
to be a place for liberty. And if you want to call it an info war, yeah, because there's
a war on for access to these files. There are people that simply and it's legal right
now to have these, but they're people that won't supply them to you because they feel
pressure from investors or society, the government, something.
And we think there at least need to be open open software that allows you to access these
things. And buddy, if you can watch that video later, I want you to that one right there.
I want you to see that Jeff Cadd dot com. All right. Now, in the time we've got left
in this segment, getting back into political models, I think it's so important that, yeah,
I support more things that are supposedly on the right wing because they claim they
support private property, Second Amendment, things like that.
But still, it's mainly window dressing or talking points for them. And conservatives
and constitutional are figuring that out. But the status are really demonizing them
right now. So I see it awakening the libertarians and constitutionalist like never before to
the fact that there really is no option in the political system and that we have to create
a new political system to restore the republic.
But when you talk about the so-called left again, I think that's pure camouflage. And
that's why I'm trying to get people outside of those labels.
I'm with you left left and right is no longer meaningful. After the French Revolution, they've
just become excuses for one way or another of justifying monopoly capitalism. So I'm
with you. Let's talk about freedom and liberty versus totalitarianism.
All right. Well, this interview is going to have to end about five minutes because you've
got to go and show why we're in overdrive right now. Other points are going to wish
Cody R Wilson that you would have covered after you've left.
I mean, we got Bitcoin, we got defcad.com. I want you listeners to please check out defcad.
We've got a new project they're starting. It's going to have its own organizational
structure. And I want people to download these files and pay attention in about a month.
I think we're going to have a printable gun.
And what do you expect to happen then? Because the ATF is going to try to claim that, well,
you've got to have a I guess you have the firearms distributor license. You know, they're
going to try some type of bureaucratic garbage on you. But then the question is, is it illegal
to simply have designs that that are on a computer?
I don't think so. I think there's a large body of First Amendment jurisprudence that
will make that a very difficult argument. But you're right. The battle will move on
to that that direction. I'm interested in seeing what will happen just like anyone else.
Let's let's find out.
Yeah, there's a headline right there from the Daily Mail. U.S. grants first license
to sell 3D printed guns. And you can already download the blueprints for free online and
make your own. How many visitors you get to the site now a month?
Oh, we've done five hundred thousand downloads, three point five terabytes of traffic. Just
everyone from all over the world downloads their files. And they're not even important.
But this this Daily Mail piece was a misrepresentation. The license wasn't to sell. The license was
to manufacture a broad range of weapons. You can sell as well. But the point they probably
didn't understand that they don't understand our gun laws at all. They call everything
an automatic weapon. They're scared of their own shadows. You know, if it goes bang, it's
something terrifying. And unless it's in the hands of troops in black uniforms with giant
V armored vehicles. And that's what you should be afraid of. But they're like, oh, I love
that.
What could ever go wrong in a democratically elected government? I'm with you. Yeah. What
about all the tyranny where they want to make kids take deadly anthrax shots now? And like
we talked about the start of the interview where they're just saying, oh, we're going
to take money out of your bank account now. It's a new tax.
It's amazing to me. Of course, these are the logical the logical ends of institutional
socialism. And yet everyone says, well, you know, it's patriotism like that. Obama could
get them on the last day of the union and say, well, it's time for a new economic patriotism.
Well, what's more economically patriotic than giving 10 percent of your deposits up to Uncle
Sam so he can make the budget work? I mean, this is where this logic leads.
And it's not even make the budget work. They're destroying eighty five billion a month, putting
it into derivatives that they've already written off to hurt us. Oh, yeah. I mean, they admit
it's to hurt us. I'm giving the propaganda, which is like, well, we got to take this.
So, you know, your grandma can get her cash or check her welfare check. And really, they've
worked it where we could feed the whole world 30 years ago. Now we can't even feed ourselves
because when they make scarcity and they're in control of the only conduits of of energy
and things, then they are all powerful. These bankers have gambling addictions, you
know, they should be in treatment. I mean, they're maniacs and paying bonuses. Right.
And yet we know this thing's totally insolvent. This is a broke nation in history. I mean,
it's the glittering collapse of some empire from from years past. And we're watching it
happen in slow motion. Get into Bitcoin, people. Your bank account is no longer safe. Your
retirement account is no longer safe. Embrace something like printable guns. It doesn't
mean. Well, I'll say this. Bitcoin is growing rapidly. That makes me a little paranoid.
But I have. Well, I mean, I have talked about it, but just getting diversified into it and
other things. Yes. We'll grow the revolution of ideas that will lead to even better things.
It's at least right. A lesson in practical anarchy, which is, you know what? I don't
need this institution and I can handle these things myself and we can do things peer to
peer. We don't need the more we work outside the system, the more we build new systems.
Yes. Yes. Importantly. And I think that's one of the primary lessons of this. What?
You can make something yourself, which is already a revolutionary. Yeah, but I mean,
in this star starved culture, you didn't do this to be a celebrity. You did this to have
true revolution of human potential. And now, Cody, you and your cohorts are like really
well known and on the map and getting invited to speak to some of the coolest people in
the world. Congratulations. I mean, you are another model for other people to trailblaze.
There are still many things to trailblaze more than ever. The revolution of the mind
is happening now. The globalists want to think and want to make you think they're invincible
and all powerful. They're not. They're a joke. If we all just simply start doing independent
things, it's over and we're going to have pure discovery on that road. I think that's
a lesson. In fact, here's here's the part about us. That's that's so unexpected, right?
I think we're naive, optimists about the future of the world. You know, we're not here to
ruin your party. We're here to actually portray a vision of liberty. You're creative. You're
creating the future. God bless you. Retransmission starts now.
