Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
It is Tuesday, the 23rd day of April, 2013. I am your host, Alex Jones, and we're going
to be live here in, Lord's willing, three hours. Well, where to start? You know, globally,
they're pushing for national and global Internet sales taxes and also money transfer taxes.
Basically, any type of online activity taxes, which also doubles as surveillance. And the
IRS already says it's the regulations that you're supposed to report to them every online
transaction you make.
And you're supposed to report all your medical records and whether you have insurance or
not to the IRS. It is to be the grand controller of everything you do with the Fifth Amendment
in the ash heap of history. And now Internet sales tax advances after Obama endorsement.
Notice suddenly they pass CISPA in the house, Internet tracking, taxing, control system.
Hundreds of billions of dollars to big defense contractors to spy on you and your family.
We're talking 10 million contracts, $10 billion contracts per company with just dozens and
dozens of them getting $2 billion, $15 billion, $10 billion, just off the chart gang raping.
So you pay to be gang raped. And now they want the feds to basically administer the
delivery of sales tax to the states and, of course, administrative fees for the feds.
This is absolutely unbelievable, but it's what you, of course, have to expect. And they
try to play off small businesses against people saying, well, brick and mortar is in trouble
because of this. No, brick and mortar is in trouble because of the fact that America has
been deindustrialized and the economy is being turned off.
And brick and mortar is in trouble because of the fact that they haven't been competitive.
That's the issue. Brick and mortar that is competitive is very, very successful. Look
at Apple stores with their brick and mortar and bringing in the slave goods. People wanna
go in, they wanna talk, they wanna find out their special deals when you go in.
There's all sorts of other little mom and pop operations that are successful because
of one word, service. But this is the classic thing like they did back in the 20s. These
trucks are driving on roads you pay for, and they're commercial. They're making money.
Let's come up with driver's license, commercial license, and tax them to drive cuz they're
making money off what you pay for. Well, those truck drivers pay taxes too. Those companies
pay taxes too.
You just end up paying in the price of the goods for the taxes they've gotta pay. And
then they extend driving as a privilege, which it's not, on to everybody else. And hence
the fraud of driver's license by the 50s that are paper licenses and now biometric national
ID cards. So we're gonna be going over all of that today. And then of course the big
news, it's up at DrudgeReport.com in the middle column.
It is a Steve Watson article. Boston, residents ordered out of their homes at gunpoint by
SWAT teams. And we have the photos and videos. In fact, I've had Kurt Nemo add some photos,
or he's adding them right now, that citizens took and sent us, of police and military pointing
guns at people in their front yards and in their windows.
And taking women out of the houses, and then the woman puts her hands down, so they push
her or shove her. There's video of that, and Bloomberg is coming out saying, this is the
new way, we've gotta get rid of the Constitution. But it's official, the Wall Street Journal
declares the USA to be a battlefield. And that means martial law suspending your due
process for the banker rendering of the nation.
Here's the Daily Mail, the controversial moment SWAT teams ordered innocent neighbors out
of their houses at gunpoint during door to door searches for the Boston bomber. It's
not controversial. This was the suspension of rights, this went on citywide. Bloomberg
says interpretation of Constitution will have to change after Boston bombing. See,
it's not just the Second Amendment he wants, he wants it all. We're gonna be breaking that
down and the latest on what is clearly a Patsy set up false flag.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two months sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice
as good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods,
hurricanes or the threat of martial law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare
for emergencies. As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold and weapons. But how
will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver
is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is
a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus
and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe
from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long term
shelf life, making it the number one choice of preppers across the country. To find out
how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com.
Use the promo code prepared for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook. A little
over a year ago, I began to do a lot of research into why, even if I had a pretty good size
meal that I was still starving. And my research led me to a well known fact that most of the
soils that we grow our crops on here in the United States and across the industrialized
world are almost completely depleted of almost all of the key minerals and trace elements
that our bodies need to rebuild themselves, fight off cancer and be healthy. I then searched
out the best vitamin and mineral company out there and discovered Young Jevity. The Young
Jevity products are designed to give you the real nutrition you need. And once you've got
that, you don't have to eat as much to be satisfied. I've lost 37 pounds in two months
simply getting the vitamins and minerals I need. Check it out for yourself. It's incredible.
Go to info wars team.com today and order your first canister of beyond Tangy Tangerine complete
multivitamin mineral complex dietary supplement that's info wars team.com. Crashing through
the lies and disinformation. It's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network. Ladies and gentlemen,
there are a lot of questions swirling around the tragic Boston bombings of eight, nine
days ago last Monday.
Monday before this Monday. But what we know undoubtedly is that the power structure and
the propaganda media is seizing on this, basically foaming at the mouth, saying you've got to
give up all your rights, the entire bill of rights. No first amendment, no second, no
fourth, no fifth, no tenth cameras, microphones, streetlights, listening to you and watching
you checkpoints everywhere.
Entire cities must be ordered to be on lockdown anytime there's a gunman anywhere. Every city
needs tens of millions of dollars worth of bomb detecting and destroying robots, warrantless
searches. Just tens of billions to be spent on more high tech cameras on and on Bloomberg
and King and McCain are all in the news saying we have got to basically abolish the Bill
of Rights and the Constitution.
Meanwhile, 520 plus people were shot and killed, many of them innocents by gang bangers in
Chicago. In Chicago, just in 2012 and they're set to break that number this year in a city
where they've taken all of the citizens' guns. A great old American city of Chicago, we're
on the radio on 1530 AM. And you look at everywhere else with crime off the chart, it's where
guns are highly restricted.
Like Boston, like New York, like Detroit, like Los Angeles. Look at cities in Connecticut
where they have very strong gun control laws. And you look at areas with almost no gun control,
lower crime rates. And I know we've talked about this at nauseum, but the system is engaged
in a cold blooded power trip.
A cold blooded power grab because they get hundreds of billions of dollars a year. In
fact, guys, pull up the 2012 budget for Homeland Security. If memory serves, one part of it
was 84 billion and then it was supplemental of another 60 billion and then other funding.
Most of the anti-terrorism part, mind you, not the other agencies, there's 37 agencies
under it.
But the last number I saw was over $200 billion a year. And a few months ago, and Erin Dykes
wrote about this. Big Sis came out and she said in the press conference, she said, you
will not cut our funding, and it was a cut in the growth of it, of more than 10% a year.
Or there will be more terror attacks. Now let me ask you, is there a motive to let terrorism
happen or provocateur terrorism or stage terrorism to get $200 billion a year domestically?
And that's what this is. You go to college now, it's all about scholarships and Homeland
Security, data mining, how to spy, how to profile. Hey, how about we profile the out
of control kleptocratic government?
How about we look at those groups? The budget request was 57 billion, and they got 47.4.
But that's just for the overall office of DHS, not for the 37 agencies. If you count
all the money, quote, law enforcement agencies, or quasi law enforcement, Homeland Security
agencies, I think it's about 10 of the 30 plus agencies, it's over $200 billion.
And now under cybersecurity, they're talking about a budget for cybersecurity over $50
billion a year. And they're talking about every four years when they get budgetary oversight
and then refund it, kind of like the FAA is funded in four year spurts. They're talking
about over, again, $200 billion.
So we're talking about hundreds of billions of dollars. It's like the Pentagon budget
is 1.1 trillion a year. Guys, check that, pull up Pentagon budget. But then they have
supplemental that's over 800 billion a year, and that's not even counting black funding,
secret funding, which is estimated to be 50 to 100 billion.
And no one really knows, they use narcotics traffic, you name it. Global narcotics traffic
into the US is 500 billion. Total global narcotics profits are estimated to be well over a trillion
dollars. And you heard it right, the United States is almost half the world market in
illegal drugs.
And I tell you, the government had a great strategy to make drugs illegal, hype them
up as cool with Hollywood, put a lot of money into it. So it's seen as avant garde and nouveau
riche and a get rich quick scheme. Yeah, look at that article from the Center for Strategic
Budgetary Assessments.
It says the DOD includes a $553 billion in discretionary funding, $5 billion in mandatory
funding, an additional $118 billion in requested wars in Afghanistan. By the way, again, these
are whitewashed numbers. If you pull up the numbers, it's almost 2 trillion some years.
And I tell you, these numbers we're getting from government sites are absolute crud. Because
I mean, I've seen them break down the numbers in Congress when we talk about the real cost
of the entire thing.
Like watch this, Pentagon budget over 1 trillion, watch this. Pentagon budget over 1 trillion,
and then you learn it's actually over that. 1 trillion Pentagon budget cut is possible
but not wise. Now that's a decade long cut. Defense, 2 trillion divides Obama and Romney.
Defense spending despite 2.1 trillion under Romney. 1.2 trillion for national security,
there it is. Unbelievable, the point is that they reported on 2 trillion missing two days
before 9-11. Watch this, 2 trillion missing Pentagon.
Look at this, go ahead and punch this up for me, guys. CBS News, 2.3 trillion missing from
Pentagon. So I'm sorry, it's 2.3 trillion. That's the type of stuff that we're talking
about here. And that's why they want this takeover. Now, let me just stop here and reset
on air so I can calmly attempt to go over all of this today.
Let me tell you some of the news that I'm gonna be breaking down here. Number one, they
are using the events of 9-11 to radically re-engineer the society. And despite all the
basic liberties and freedoms that have been overrun, butchered, attacked, dismantled,
decimated, firebombed by the criminals that have invaded the country who wanna be above
the law under globalism and wanna tie us down with bureaucratic tyranny.
Classical tyranny in our face. It did not keep us safe. You notice that we're in debt,
the country's going bankrupt, we're hated worldwide, over a million Iraqis are dead.
6,000, 7,000 US troops just from combat injuries, that's a conservative number. Tens of thousands
more committed suicide. All of this going on in this psychopathic globalist push for
world domination.
And now you have 400 troops, 2,000 police down there at the Boston Marathon searching
people's bags, you name it, a drill going on right where the bomb happens. And it did
not stop the terrorist attack that killed three people and injured 100. That you would
think was the end of the world. I mean, they're having bomb scares in hundreds of cities and
towns, total panic.
If a box blows out of the back of a truck, in Phoenix, they've got bomb squads for hours
shutting everything down and ordering everyone to evacuate. And if you don't evacuate, they
come to your house and drag you out by your hair and point guns at you. And I saw on CNN
a woman who lived by a park in Boston, in the suburb of what, Watertown.
And she's out there with her kids, and a helicopter flies over and says, get in your house. And
the police drive by in hundreds of photos and videos and point guns at people. And I
mean, it can be a 10-year-old blond haired kid, clearly not the suspect. Or it could
be a 14-year-old black woman, black girl, black child.
I've seen the video and they point guns at her. Yeah, you must be the suspect. Yeah,
we're looking for a 19-year-old Caucasian, literally the definition of a Caucasian from
the caucuses. You're looking for a white guy. And here, let's have a blonde woman walk out
with her family and then she lowers her hands for a minute.
Let's poke her and slap at her and tell her, get your hands up, you piece of trash. And
the videos and the photos from our listeners pouring in, they'll get up in their window
and start taking photos of the cops and the cops aim a gun right at them. It's all about
them putting your hands on you.
Take the Texas State Police, and guys, cue this video for the next segment for TV viewers.
For radio listeners, just type in Two Girls, One Glove, Infowars.com. And they pull the
women over, no due process, no nothing. They claim that they thought they might be speeding.
And they sit there with the same glove and go in both sisters' orifices. I mean, a total
assault, ladies and gentlemen. You could get, who knows, hepatitis, anything, you don't
know.
E. coli, who knows? And the trooper forces her hand in. I mean, you can see it into their
body and the state police came out and said, yeah, we're gonna do this to everybody. We
defend that, that's a good idea. We're gonna pull you over, including your children. We're
gonna ram our hands into your body.
In fact, they had a big pull out just again last week. We did one a few months ago, but
then Americans said, no, we want proctology exams. See, government wants to put its hands
in you. This is rape. Now, no one bought it, the grand jury, and died of the state police,
they'll get off. But the state police in Texas, at least the people running it, want to pull
your wife over, aim guns at you, all right, get her up against the car, and go into your
body looking for drugs that the government publicly ships in.
This is martial law. We're gonna break it all down straight ahead.
In an emergency situation, would you drink contaminated water? You could if you had the
amazing LifeStraw from mypatriotsupply.com. LifeStraw is the most advanced personal water
filter available today. It filters contaminated water from almost any source. LifeStraw is
lightweight and compact, perfect for hiking, camping, or in an emergency like a flood.
LifeStraw is easy to clean, comes with a one year warranty, and has been used worldwide
since 2005. Get the amazing LifeStraw personal water filter at mypatriotsupply.com. Plus,
check out Survival Seed Vault, 20 seed varieties for only $37.95, Tatler canning lids, long
term storable foods as low as $69.95, and much more at mypatriotsupply.com. Enjoy stress
free shipping on all orders over $49. Call 866-229-0927 or visit mypatriotsupply.com.
That's 866-229-0927. Mypatriotsupply.com for emergency preparedness, self-reliance, and
food independence.
In the last two years alone, the US has seen huge losses to our food supply. In 2011, storms
and floods raged across the US, costing us $20 billion in lost crops alone. In 2012,
we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years. You may think out of
sight, out of mind, and so you don't think you will be affected. The fact is you are.
We all are. Food shortages drive prices up for everyone. You might not be able to control
Mother Nature, but you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability
of your food supply with e Foods Direct. Be prepared before you need it with nutrient
dense food you can store for up to 25 years. You can hope for the best, but hope won't
feed you. Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best durable foods out there
from e Foods Direct. Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at efoodsdirect.com
forward slash Alex and check out their spring specials. Again, that number is 800-409-5633
or on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex. You can bet your life on e foods
direct. Nice shooting. Hey, that's a sweet AK 47 chest rig is that multi cam? Yeah, got
it from strikehardgear.com strike what strikehardgear.com set your sights on strikehardgear.com tough
tactical gear for your Soviet style weapon that's made in the USA affordable plus a no
questions asked 30 day money back guarantee and lifetime replacement warranty strikehardgear.com
go ahead pull the trigger. We the people grow cotton, we fabric engraving embed strips and
fibers to protect from counterfeit and carting to a private bank having a lead back at interest
forcing taxes to service debt this capitalism or was Jefferson correct when stating a central
bank issuing the public currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than
a standing army. Hi, Ted Anderson, I'm placing a free silver dollar in a book that explains
our monetary system call for your copy 800-686-2237. It's time to understand the system call 800-686-2237.
That's 800-686-2237. Is this the year you finally get serious about your family's drinking
water? If so keep listening for a special offer from big Berkey water filters. Did you
know that over 60% of municipal water is fluoridated? Berkey water filters distinguish themselves
from many other filtration systems with the capability to significantly reduce dangerous
chlorine, fluoride, arsenic and disinfection byproducts from municipal water via the black
Berkey and PF line of filters. Then there's affordability at only 1.7 cents per gallon.
Berkey water filters purify treated and untreated water, even stagnant pond water. Stop and
think how much money you could save by simply reducing buying bottled water and using water
filtered by your Berkey water filter. No need to be constantly replacing expensive filters
with a Berkey. A single set of filters can last for five to 10 years. Choose the best
size Berkey for your needs at big Berkey water filters.com. And right now all GCN listeners
get 5% off all ceramic filter systems. Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY. That's 877-99-BER-KEY
or visit big Berkey water filters.com. Free shipping on every order over $50. Big Berkey
water filters for the love of clean water.
By the way, at the bottom of the second hour coming up I am going to try to do a basic
review just off some notes I wrote last night of the new Tom Cruise film Oblivion. And I'm
just going to say this now, I'm not a big Tom Cruise fan. I like some of his earlier
work. I happen to know a lot of behind the scenes stuff about Tom Cruise because he lived
with the Sheen family when he was first making it big for about a year.
He was best friends with Emilio Estevez. So I don't particularly think he's a very
nice person. But separating Tom Cruise, and by the way, this is one of his best roles.
This movie is an anti-Illuminati tour de force. In fact, this is better than 2001 Space Odyssey.
I mean, they've got some action scenes that are pretty good for the general dumbed down
public. But I literally, my dad said, yeah, I went with my dad last night. And he said,
he said, yeah, I don't usually listen to reviews, but I almost didn't want to go see it until
you asked me.
Because all the reviews said that no one could understand it and the plot didn't make sense.
And it basically got bad reviews. And I went and saw the movie and no wonder it got bad
reviews. My mouth was hanging open, hanging open. Because let me tell you something, the
director and his co-writer, Joseph Kosinski and Arvid Nelson, I want to get these guys
on the show.
No wonder they came from nowhere and wrote this and got this movie made. Because this
film is a Rosetta Stone of what the Illuminati is actually planning. My mouth was, here are
the words, hanging open during this. Because this is actually what Ray Kurzweil and all
of them think they're going to do, from their own writings.
And listen, this is not a pro-Illuminati revelation of the method, externalization of the hierarchy.
This is a anti-Illuminati, anti-death cult, anti-technocracy, anti-transhumanist film.
Anti-technocratic, it's more of the vein of perhaps the transhumanist from a genetic perspective,
but a spiritual genetics, dealing with things like ancestral memories, things like that.
And again, I don't think of myself as that smart. See, I'm already doing the review right
now. I don't think of myself as that smart. And then I just don't get why other people
don't get basic stuff.
It's like, one time I sent a tweet out of the sun and the clouds and I said, who said
the stars only come out at night? And all these people commented on it. And no one got
what I was saying, like what is this? I mean, there's the sun, it's a star. Who says the
stars only come out at night?
The darker it gets, the more you can see the stars. I just don't understand how no one
understands what this movie is talking about. Every 10 seconds, it's got archetypal messages
and all of them are positive. Now, who knows if we've really got a soul, but if we do have
souls, it's when we love each other, that's what makes our souls.
And then it's the opposite with the, it is really an amazing film. And if you separate
out the ending of the movie and replace it with the Illuminati, who are not really illuminating,
they're bringing total death, then you've got basically their program and their plan.
And these guys are definitely listeners. I would bet money, but beyond that, because
I haven't even really broken all of this down. I mean, you see oblivion and it's the choice.
Do you want the oblivion of the cold blooded psychopath or do you want love?
I mean, that's basically what it gets into. And obviously, the film's already been spoiled
for people. I don't think it spoils it, talk about it. But at the bottom of the next hour,
I'll try to just go over the basics. Actually, after the movie recorded some comments I've
got to write down so that I go over all the points. But I got home about 1030 last night,
got in bed about 11, sat there with my iPad for about an hour reading reviews and couldn't
find one positive review.
Basically, even the positive ones were tongue in cheek and like, yeah, it's got great visuals
when I'm sick of Tom Cruise and I don't quite understand it. And it just goes on and on
and on and on. And I think Tom Cruise did a great job of the film. People say they have
such a flat affect in it. Well, yeah, of course they have a flat affect. And the movie is
all about compartmentalization and how it's a prison.
I mean, I'm telling you, see, the reason I've got to spoil the whole film is because people
aren't getting it. So I'm going to do the film a favor today or tomorrow. I'm going
to shoot a breakdown and then show all of what I'm talking about. I may have to go back
and see the movie tonight and sneak a bunch of still shots in it to be able to really
show that a lot of the film's not even out there.
But I want to do the film a favor. And I was all my listeners go see Oblivion. I'll decode
it for you at the bottom of the next hour. Martial law coming up. We're on the march.
The Empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network. Introducing pro wine. All
of your filtration in one system portable on the go. No more do you have two or three
filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride
and up to 95 percent of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10 percent off with promo code water. This
is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine. Hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your pro pure with
a new pro one filters today at info war store dot com or by calling 888-253-3139. Alex Jones
here with a message to fellow freedom lovers. The prognosis for the entire planetary economic
system runs from bad to worse. The globalist model is to shut down societies and starve
patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover. That's why we've assembled the most
vital and important preparedness items at info wars shop dot com. These are items that I did
research on that I personally use. You've got the life straw so you can turn fetid water into safe
water anywhere you go. The Ktor hand crank generator to charge up key equipment during
power outages are out in the field. Strategic relocation third edition by Joel Skousen. When
disaster strikes by Matthew Stein. Thera safe used by Homeland Security to protect yourself
during any radiological event and crank shortwave am fm radios. Everything that we've researched
and found to be the best is available at info war shop.com and your purchase makes
our info war possible. We're getting prepared. Are you info wars shop.com.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Bend soap company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These all
natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth friendly
and safe. See them on the web at five star soap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what you're using
now or save big with a one to two year supply of soap for all your cleaning needs. This is an
amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you
feel. See them on the web at five star soap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Live from Austin, Texas. Broadcasting worldwide. It's Alex Jones.
I can see for miles and miles and miles and miles. I want to open the phones up for first
time callers. We do a few times a week to hear what you have to say about what's happening in
the world, how they're trying to pass open borders, anti gun legislation. In fact, guys,
will you pull me the stack from Sunday? I never even got to it or just type in
California passes gun law budgets 24 million for gun confiscation or just or just reprint that.
I've got to get to that. They are moving on all fronts. Internet taxation, sales tax taxation
online. The whole agenda is barreling forward. While the state police across the country take
blood without warrants and now put their hands inside of our bodies as the TSA did to Miss USA.
And if you're a TV viewer, we're showing footage of the state police searching two sisters.
And we haven't even got to the part where it looks like the cops trying to force her hand
into the body. And again, the state police defended all of that. So that's what I was
mentioning earlier about how the government wants in your person they want in your body.
They want to force you to take vaccines. They want to force you to have abortions.
That is the globalist policy worldwide. They want to control your life. They see you as a biological
Android. They see you as obsolete machines. They don't need you anymore. They have robotics.
This is the age of the drone, the age of the robot, the age of the autonomous
sentient being that the globalist believe they're going to merge with.
Merging into the all seeing eye that burns red. By the way, you know what's incredible?
This is why oblivion hit me so hard last night. Guys, will you pull up the
Rise of the Machines, End of Humanity, October issue
of Infowars magazine, or go to Weldon, get me a copy right now, please. Back in the warehouse,
they kept some back as collector's items. Bring me the second issue, please.
Because nowhere, I looked this up last night, nowhere, nowhere online, I don't know how they've
done it. And I was joking when I said I'd go and take photos to show you. I can just tell you,
I can just tell you. Nowhere online do they show you the villain, the bad guy, in oblivion.
They say they've kept this movie secret like nothing else. And that they're obsessed with
that, obviously. Now it's out, so it's not a secret. The bad guy from the movie is on the
cover of my magazine from October of last year, out of my mind. That's why this movie freaked
me out so bad. Because again, it's an archetype. And these archetypes are things that we already
inherently know to be true. Very, very bizarre, but as I said, I'm gonna do that at the bottom
of the hour. Or I can just go to Google and show you Rise of the Machines, Rise of, you got it?
There you go. A black pyramid with a large glowing red eye,
sitting on top a pile of skulls. Ladies and gentlemen, oblivion.
The end of humanity, Rise of the Robots, DARPA the real Skynet, October surprise.
There it is. That was a composite done by the art crew with my design.
You see, this show is a warning, ladies and gentlemen. The Illuminati,
this is what they're planning. This is what they say they're going to do.
You understand that? This is an emergency transmission.
But let me actually show you the exact bad guy from the movie. Please, this.
That right there if you're watching on TV.
All right, that's enough. Man, it's like a brain boost or something seeing that movie.
And you know I don't just come up here and rave about movies. I think they're pretty much all
cheesy, even though they're well done. I watch Stanley Kubrick films now and see all the subtleties
and the messages. But still, it's not as powerful as they were when I was younger.
I don't wanna say I'm cynical, I just am well researched and can see multi layers into things,
as any of you can if you simply open your mind up to the universe and become truly illuminated.
You see, the Illuminati is a counterfeit of what the God of the universe will actually give you.
And it's a pale counterfeit. A shadow of a shadow of a counterfeit.
I'm gonna give the number out right now. It's 800-259-9231. 800-259-9231.
800-259-9231, and we will get you up and on the air.
You're never gonna see a representation of the devil more accurate than what's
on your screen right now. That's the devil right there.
And what's it doing? It's jacking your humanity and destroying it.
And it uses the best of us against us via compartmentalization.
All right, let me get into the news here.
I have an article here where the federal government is looking at forced psychological testing
for all Americans. The New Freedom Initiative 2.0.
Meanwhile, America is number one in fear, stress, anger, divorce, obesity, antidepressants, etc.
A Las Vegas hospital accused of dumping psychiatric patients in California,
accused of it? They're doing it all over the country. Bed bugs invade hospitals.
Why more patients share rooms with blood-sucking pests?
Why are hospitals the most dangerous place to go?
Because it's where the government is in control. It's where Rockefeller medicine is in control.
If I've got a gunshot wound or a compound fracture
or a finger cut off, I'll take the risk to go to the hospital.
But if I need something else, I'll go to a little local clean new clinic.
And they're trying to federalize those right now.
And why do I mention that? It's because they're gonna force more people on drugs,
then you're gonna have more mass shootings, and the answer will be more psychologists,
more psychologists as the Priest Guild to go around and drug America out so bad that we fall.
Because the world is gonna get so horrible, you're going to want drugs to get you out of it.
The GMO, the fluoride, the chemicals in the water. When all you really need is to go out and play
sports with your friends, climb a hill, go for a swim, and yeah, go get drunk if you want to.
I'm not even saying that's the best thing out there, but it's a lot better than Prozac type
drugs. They show in major studies, there's several of them, the University of Texas and others.
They've got a German study, a Russian study, drinking is associated with higher IQs.
Why is that? Because people that have higher IQs cannot handle it. You can't handle the truth.
You can't handle the perception. You can't handle how hardcore reality is. Let me tell you,
not being on caffeine, not drinking at night is like being on a drug. Because the world is so
real and so vivid and so incredible that you wanna go drink a bottle of red wine,
eat a big steak, and lay back and watch a football game because reality is hammer blows.
Yeah, there it is, psychology today, why intelligent people drink more alcohol.
They've got a University of Texas study too on higher IQs, living longer.
The problem is there's the abuse of it.
I mean, sometimes I need to turn my brain off. I know drinking makes me overweight and stuff.
I don't drink that much. I had a couple drinks with my dad last night at the movie.
What do you do? What do you do knowing all this? That's what I think every day,
almost feel ashamed. I don't almost feel ashamed, I am ashamed.
I am ashamed that I dropped the ball because I need to do a better job for myself and you and
my family, everybody else, and so do you. How I got caught up trying to convince people it staged,
how I got caught up in all the minutia when the big story is martial law in Boston
and citizens being treated like slaves. And then debating, would the government
provocateur something? They've been caught over and over again.
I should just focus on the thousands of declassified programs,
some of which had thousands of dead apiece, where they nerve gassed and bioweapon our own trips,
foster kids, force sterilized people, radiate foster kids, all declassified.
Our government, since the 30s, has been running eugenics covert operations,
thousands of which have been declassified. The last ones declassified are from the 90s,
where they kill people. But if they take a foster child in New York in 2004,
the social workers finally spoke out and deliver little black kids mainly, eight-year-olds.
They tell them others, they always profile. Okay, you got a two-year-old, we're gonna take a two-year-old
unless you sign this waiver, we're gonna take your eight-year-old, healthy by the way.
And they took him to a big pharma facility, this was in the New York news only once or twice,
because whistleblowers went public. The media had the courage to cover it, then it got shoveled on
the rug. You heard about kids being given deadly AIDS drugs who didn't even have HIV,
because they needed, quote, healthy subjects like a rat.
You know, this shampoo is animal testing free, it's like, good, good. What about human testing
free? Well, they just take your economy away and then make you have to go to pay the rent
and have medical experiments. Well, not just testing deadly chemotherapy drugs on kids,
they took black kids. Cuz blacks have been the test group all along, who've been allowed to be
tested on, you let the hookers operate there, let the drugs operate there. What do they say
in The Godfather? They're animals anyways, let them lose their souls. Well, the globalists see
everybody as animals, except them, when in truth, they're beyond the animals.
They have lost their humanity, they're psychopathic, they're cold blooded, they're a joke,
and they've got a bunch of nobodies working for them on power trips. Who want to be warriors,
but really are just bullies, because they're scared to death of real war.
They're too weak minded to face what's happening. And I remember reading, I think it was in New
York Daily News, you name it, about one family where they told the mother, we'll take your
two year old if you don't do this. And they took the child, and then they tested pesticides,
on him for a month, until he tried to get away, so they chained him down.
And then they administered the pesticides in higher and higher dosages, till he died,
in a pesticide study. And finally, the CPS went, these kids are dying.
This isn't saw, this isn't hostile, where you go and think it's cool to watch women tortured,
and live through that, and kind of, ooh, that makes me feel powerful,
so you're scared deep down, you're so powerless, that you get off vicariously,
seeing simulated torture. Don't worry, there are real little kids being tortured right now.
There's medical experiments in China with little kids, don't worry, don't worry,
and it's gonna happen to you. You're being experimented on by the vaccines in the water
of the food. You think you're gonna go watch this in a movie at your little low level,
and then it's not gonna be done to you? Don't worry, you're gonna die horribly painful
tortured deaths. Don't worry, you love hurting innocents, God is gonna smash you into a thousand
pieces, but very slowly, by letting the system do it to you. Yeah, there's a headline,
Organic Consumers EPA to Allow Pesticide Testing on Orphans and Mentally Handicapped Children.
That was an article, I think, months before it came out. And I remember the article described
the little black boy. He stopped struggling, they administered the final dosages, and he died.
Oh, it's so liberal, like the baby swimming in the toilet. And people on my YouTube made jokes
on Infowars, going, there are too many people, Jones, don't tell them what to do.
The baby's getting exercise. I'll get you and your little dog too.
Oh, yeah, you're real powerful, all you evil people. I bet you'd be real tough in the ring
with somebody with a battle ax. Here, here's your battle ax. Here's a good guy up against
any day, he'll smash your guts into the ground. But only because we know we're dealing with some
scum that's gotta be put down. We don't enjoy it. We'll crush you for the innocents,
not because we enjoy it. You're cowards, you're cowards. And the only sick satisfaction I've
got, and I repent for it, is knowing this evil system you're bringing in is gonna tear your guts
out slow. And you're damned to hell after that. Make sure you know that.
Do not stare too long into the abyss unless you become the abyss.
God, I watched the police in those videos in Boston, stomping around,
bugging their eyes out with crazy looks on their faces. And just saying, open your door
and coming in and pointing guns at family, people in their own houses shooting video of it.
And the cops, and the compliant media showing shots like a guy running with his daughter and
the cop helping him only show that image. Instead, the real images of just driving by,
just like I saw at the G20 when Rob Dew was there. On the news, they would say,
no one's allowed out during the day, period. They would drive around in residential areas
and they would see 12-year-old kids playing football in their front yard.
And they'd aim sound cannons at them. Just this lust to pull your wife over and ram their hand
up her, and then take her sister and ram their hand up her. And just the need to, okay, there's
some people that, kids thinking this is America, you can be out in your front yard. Let's hit them
with sound cannons, boom. And watch those slaves run, watch those taxpayers run, drive them into
submission now. Show no mercy, do what must be done. And the Wall Street Journal comes out and
says America is now a battleground. We're gonna have checkpoints and troops. It's gonna be so
sexy and billion dollar and $10 billion contracts to congressman's wives.
And we're gonna spy on you. And we're the new elites with red carpets and jet copters. And I
mean, it's just a bunch of guys. I mean, look at Hagel, bunch of info.wars.com. Look at Hagel,
you know, wearing his turtleneck and his black sunglasses cuz he was involved in black ops.
They all think he's cool. He's sexy. Yeah, he's been involved in really dark stuff. It's really
cool. It's really cool. Yeah, and it's really cool to do all this. When I come back,
I'm gonna cover the martial law news and then go to your phone calls. But look at it right here.
Drugs report has it linked. Boston wrong. Residents ordered out of homes at gunpoint
by SWAT teams. So now the president said if there's one gunman on the loose,
whether it's true or not, all of you are suspects, all of you are criminals.
And we're coming in your house just like Katrina. And next it's coming in your house to take your
guns. And it's all about planting the flag, setting the precedent, showing you and showing
police nationwide, this is what we do. And the police have ceremony after ceremony on TV where
they're heroes and just grandstanding up there, absolute mental illness. Absolute mass mental
illness. What are they getting us ready for? Bloomberg says, we've gotta stop our interpretation
of the Constitution. We have to change it. We have to get rid of it because the criminals need
to be protected in government. They're getting ready to fully take over. They want to put their
hands on your body. Hello, this is Ty Bollinger, author of the bestselling book Cancer Step
Outside the Box. I want you to know some very important information. In 1985, President Ronald
Reagan requested that carnivore be sent directly to the White House at a time when only the
president could obtain this world class healer. Now, 27 years later, carnivore capsules are used
around the world to keep people healthy. Now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in this
age of superbugs with 17 naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal
cells only without harming a single normal cell. If you want to stay healthy, now's your chance
to literally wake up your critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders that don't belong in
your body. Call 1-866-VenusFly or order from carnivora.com. That's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A.com. That's 1-866-836-8735
1-866-VenusFly or visit carnivora.com. Protect your immune system. It's the only one you've got.
With health threats on the rise such as West Nile virus, MRSA, C-R-E, and now the new bird flu
recently discovered in China, there has never been a more crucial time to support your immune system.
Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary new silver solution that is clinically shown to be several
hundred times more effective than colloidal or ionic silver and is powerful enough to help
protect you and your family. Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, highly effective,
and perfect for everyday use inside the body as well as out. The Science Digest Journal says
silver is our mightiest germ fighter. It is virtually non-toxic and is emerging as a wonder
of modern medicine. Supernatural Silver is the number one choice of thousands for improved health
and immune system support. To find out how Supernatural Silver can change your life,
go to supernaturalsilver.com and use the promo code SPRING2013 for 20% off and like us on Facebook.
Introducing a 30-day emergency food supply for only $99 at 30dayfoodsupply.com. You can purchase
Oregon Trail Foods' one month supply of high quality, nutritious, and healthy emergency meals
for less than $100. These vegetarian meals are all natural, non-GMO, high in carbs and protein,
and are packed with oxygen absorbers in mylar pouches. They take up to 70% less space than
number 10 cans, have a 20-year shelf life, and huge portions. Over twice the serving size of
some competitors' meals. Oregon Trail Foods and 30dayfoodsupply.com keep prices low by buying
direct from producers in Oregon and then pass the savings on to you. Purchase a 30-day, 90-serving
emergency food supply for only $99 this month and $10 ships your entire order to the lower 48.
Call 541-673-6666 or visit 30dayfoodsupply.com where they make preparedness affordable.
30dayfoodsupply.com. Got it? Get it. Go to 30dayfoodsupply.com.
Don't worry. This show is documented. Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Yeah, you know, Rush is coming to Austin tonight. I think some of the crew's going to see it. I'm
not going to go. I'm going to go hang out with my family, but yeah, they're anti-New World Order.
They've been anti-New World Order for a long time, but now a lot of their new music is just
total anti-New World Order. And the good news is more and more good people are realizing what's
happening out there. The film Cloud Atlas was anti-New World Order. I mean, there are a lot
of people really starting to get the dehumanization that's taking place and realizing that there's no
future if we don't turn things around. The reason I brought that up is Jon Baum was pointing that
out to me. And yes, you're right, Jon. You're right. I agree with you. Look, we're going to
come back and take your calls. Anthony, Jon, Shelley, Daniel, Jacob, and others. It's open
phones today. No guest. I need to get to listening to my message that I left myself or my voice memos
so that I can write down all the notes I've got on my oblivion review.
I want to do at the bottom of the next hour. Who knows? I may do it at the start of the
next hour, but then I'll never get to it if I don't get to it soon. So I've got that.
And you've just got all this incredible stuff happening. All the evidence, this was scripted.
And then you get things like this in the Huffington Post. California gun confiscation bill
passes, approves 24 million to expedite illegal gun seizure. And it says it makes your semi-auto
is basically illegal. And will begin the door-to-door confiscation of 40,000 handguns
and assault weapons illegally owned by Californians. SB140.
Oh, man. There you go. But there's no gun confiscation coming. And again, it's not only
that they did this martial law drill, they're saying this shows this is the new America,
the Wall Street Journal says. This is how you're going to live for your safety.
For three dead people in an event that's got fingerprints of the globalist all over it.
And then you've got the hyping and they're saying there will be more bombings.
The good news is they were going to go with the Tea Party. That was clear. We derailed them.
So they went with their fallback patsies, who the FBI knew and watched for years and knew
where they lived. And they were at their houses and at their dorms like nothing had happened
until they got the word, the mother says. And then something scared them so they fled.
And then you've got what a couple of witnesses, the witnesses are saying conflicting things too.
But we have the unprecedented and now Kurt Nemo has added images to the Watson article
that Drudge linked to. You go to DrudgeReport.com in the middle column, it says Boston residents
ordered out of homes. And then you notice the Daily Mail's under it and they added more video.
And then you notice the Daily Mail's under it and they added more videos. That's our article
is the original. They wrote off our article and give us credit in the Daily Mail. But that's what
I told Nemo this morning is just to add more videos and photos because we've literally got
hundreds of photos and dozens of videos. I'm trying to dig up the one I know we were
taping when it happened. When CNN showed the woman at her house that's right by a park with
her kids and they fly over in the day and go, get in your house. I mean, I'm sorry, man. I'm
not getting in my house. I've had enough of you. The borders are wide open. Illegal aliens are
above the law. Nothing even against them. The point is that this is all about training
the American citizens that were like milk cows or something. And I'm not your slave and I'm sick of
it. They use security as the new slavery. We're gonna enslave you to keep you safe. No, thanks.
I'll take my Bill of Rights and Constitution. Everything that's happening is 180 degrees,
the opposite of the Bill of Rights and Constitution. Let me point this out to you.
I told you for 17, almost 18 years this was coming. Now, I was on here about two years
as a mainline libertarian before I really woke up. So for 15, 16 years, I've told you this.
And I went to Urban Warfare drills and watched Marines training to take you out of your house
and shoot you in the back of the head. And take your guns and put you in a FEMA camp in America.
And I put that in my film Police Day 2000. And I interviewed police chiefs and others
who were all vets who said this is a martial law conditioning drill. Chief Ali Philippus,
Thomas Sanchez, you name it. These are police chiefs and people I'm listing here who I have
on video. I've been warning you. I told you this was coming. This is GCN,
the Genesis Communications Radio Network. You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal
for home protection. When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power. So even if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely
customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed.
Getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes.
So there's no need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate,
you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe
will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again,
that's getsimplisafe.com. Waging war on corruption. Alex Jones on the GCN radio network.
Big Brother. Mainstream media. Government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network. And now live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
All right, I'm going to go to your phone calls. Then we'll get into the raft of anti-American
insider crony capitalist mafia consolidation that's going on from internet sales taxes that
Obama's ramming through right now to just everything that's happening. Martial law in
Boston, linked up on the Drudge Report. And we've got photos of them aiming guns at men,
women, and children for no reason. Shoving women around. Get out of your house,
lady. You look nothing like any suspect. We're just gonna do this. This was done all over the
place in a giant act of just planting the flag on the good old slaves. And commenters are in
here going, try that south of the Mason-Dixon line, boy. Like Katrina? Let me tell you,
they'll always give you an excuse and a reason, a shy-op.
And I'm telling you, man, the police and military are just spoiling for a war with the American
people. Just spoiling, just spoiling. I saw a G20 where they would just run up to,
nobody was resisting them. Nobody was coming out. So the G20 was over that night. Rob
Du got arrested. He won a lawsuit over it. And word comes, they're gonna not let university
students be out at the park at night. So they're out there like they always are.
It's like eight at night. And they block the road so nobody can even get back in their dorms.
And then women are on bicycles and cops knock them off and then just start splitting their heads.
Cuz that's like a fringe benefit to get to beat a woman with a
billy club if you're a sadomasochist or I guess a masochist. Who are the ones that like to beat
people? I guess they're the sadist. Yeah, they're the sadist. And it's like, well,
that's pro law enforcement. And now the state police in Texas say they will proctology you.
Now it's okay they say that proctology, you just gotta put a different glove on, you see.
So that's just some of what's coming up today. And I support the police. I think it's good.
I think the police should have executed everyone in Boston just to make sure the police are safe.
Cuz when cops shoot somebody who's NSA, it's not even in the news,
hardly. But this whole event, nowhere in the world would they lock down most of a major city
and kick everybody out of their houses. I mean, for 1,000 combatants, you wouldn't do that.
I mean, this is beyond martial law. It's just, see what they can get away with.
Can TSA take your five-year-old to a private room where some pot-bellied guy with a creepy mustache
grabs him? Absolutely. And you're a terrorist if you don't like it.
If it's a defrocked priest or a Sunday school teacher that caught molesting people,
put them in the habit, make them the head of the TSA in that airport.
Why not? It's over the top. Teach the slaves to submit properly.
Anthony on the Boston bombing, go ahead.
Hi, Alex. First time caller. Thanks for taking it.
You know, I think for a call screening, you may need a proctology exam to be on my show.
How do we know there's not a bomb up your patoot?
Now, I think that it's unbelievable how, you know, once again, this police commissioner,
this clown, he comes out, slips up again. Very obvious that he's under the order of someone else.
Oh, yeah. That police chief looks like he is a total creep. And he looks like he's
totally hiding stuff. Oh, gee, you think a major police chief's hiding stuff?
Oh, yeah. And I definitely wanted to shout out to Dan Badade for shaking his boots up.
Did you see those people when he was in that press conference? If we had a Dan Badade
everywhere that something like this happens, we would be winning, even though we're already
winning. Am I right? You know, he's got a nickname around here, and it's the Titan
or the Kraken. The Kraken is a Titan. We say release the Kraken
because every time you send him to something, that's what happens. Dan Badade, it's not even
courage. He knows they're bad guys. He has an instinct to fight evil. And he also freaks people
out because he, in person, he looks like an overgrown Dr. Evil in a good way. He's like
the good Dr. Evil. But absolutely. Anything else in the Dan Badade worship session here?
No, that's it. Thanks for taking my call. All right. God bless you, man. Yeah, I know
we need people that are, I'm not bragging. I pioneered in modern times in the last 18 years,
going out and confronting people at press conferences because nobody would ever ask
real questions. Every time I asked Bush a question or Janet Reno a question or,
you know, Al Gore a question, it would end up being National News. And that's what We Are
Change does. And you should all do it and just go and ask real questions. And everybody else
are paid operatives and, you know, selling their family out. It's all I can say to the
reporters is give your kids more shots. You can bury them a lot quicker because, you know,
the government loves you. In the last two years alone, the US has seen huge losses to our food
supply. In 2011, storms and floods raged across the US costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone.
In 2012, we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years. You may think out of sight
out of mind and so you don't think you will be affected. The fact is you are. We all are.
Food shortages drive prices up for everyone. You might not be able to control mother nature,
but you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply
with E Foods Direct. Be prepared before you need it. With nutrient dense food you can store for
up to 25 years. You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you. Do what I've done and get
your own supply of the best durable foods out there from E Foods Direct. Call 800-409-5633
or visit them on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex and check out their spring
specials. Again, that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex.
You can bet your life on E Foods Direct. I had tried everything. I'd cut back the
amount of food I was eating. I was lifting weights and jogging, but nothing was working.
My body was literally starving for minerals and trace elements as well as key vitamins.
And as soon as I had that, I immediately could eat half of what I was eating previously and be
satisfied. Now there are hundreds of great products at info wars team.com, but I want to point out the
three that have helped me lose 37 pounds in just two months. Products like Beyond Tangy Tangerine,
Holland Burst and Rebound. When I started taking the Tangy Tangerine and other products every day,
I lost more than 37 pounds in just two months. Now that's results. I want to challenge my listeners
to go to info wars team.com and to order just three of their products. And you will see the
changes in the way you look, feel and in your appetite almost immediately. Start your journey
to health and wellness today. Info wars team.com. Introducing pro wine, all of your filtration in
one system portable on the go. No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce
sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydro
fluorescent acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white
ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all
in one filter element. It is the only one that does it and out of the gates. We have it discounted
at 10% off with promo code water. This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove
pesticides, herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common
form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your pro pure with a new pro one filter today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover ups. You want answers? Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Guilty until proven innocent. That's what the Bill of Rights and Constitution says.
Guilty, guilty until proven innocent. That's the bedrock of any free society. This message brought
to you by the New World Order and the Ministry of Truth. The truth is, ladies and gentlemen,
we are innocent until proven guilty. And what you saw happen in Boston on Friday,
and they've even continued it with all sorts of checkpoints and weirdness after,
is a precedent-setting case of over-the-top martial law.
Even when Baghdad was under martial law when it was taken over by the West,
they didn't say don't leave your houses, period. No one has ever done things like this.
In Ceausescu's Romania, they said don't be outside after dark unless you have a special
government pass. And basically, then it's just an excuse to catch your underage daughters out
after curfew and rape them. I mean, that's what's done in these authoritarian societies.
That's what they then mimic in things like V for Vendetta when they catch Evie out after dark.
And she's like, I'm sorry, I was just trying to get home, I was late. They're like, come here,
little missy pie. That's what bondage is, and this is standard, souped-up, hardcore, over-the-top
tyranny. All of Boston, almost the entire city, all of Watertown, hundreds of thousands of people,
you will stay in your house. You will not leave, and we're gonna come in your house
and point guns at you and your family and bug our eyes out at you.
I mean, this is the threat, this is the danger, this is what the founders warned us about.
For TV viewers watching on prisonblinded.tv or we're still sending out free video feeds right now
at infowars.com forward slash listen as the free audio streams and video streams. Let's roll
some of those video packages Darren McBrain put together of photos and videos.
You can also see them up at drudgereport.com in the middle column. Shocking footage Americans
ordered out of homes at gunpoint by SWAT teams. This is what martial law looks like.
And it shows people in their cars, in their houses, you name it, with men driving around
in armored vehicles pointing M-16s at you. And then telling families, get out of your house.
Families don't even resemble the supposed suspects. Blonde-haired women, black women,
put your hands up. Then the woman lowers her hands after and the cops run up and shove her. Get your
hands up, scum. I'm your God. In Texas, we put our hands inside you. You want me to rape you?
I'm your government. I'm your God and we're gonna make vaccines mandatory.
This is our country, Homeland Security.
In every third world country, they get conquered by their military.
For the first 200 years of Rome and its golden age, you could not bring troops
past the Rubicon River in northern Italy. Troops were not allowed in Italy, period,
unless the Senate officially voted if Rome itself was being invaded.
Or if Italy itself was being invaded. Now, why couldn't you bring troops into Rome?
Why does Posse Comitatus, 1878, and before that, the Bill of Rights Constitution say no troops
quartered? Why? Because they lived under it and they were historians who spoke on average
five languages. Cuz back then being a rock star was that you invented things.
You could speak four or five languages. If somebody smarted off to you, you'd say,
all right, get your sword, we're going outside. That's what women liked back then. That's what
the newspapers wrote about. So we had a flowering where being smart was cool.
It was called the Renaissance. It was called the Enlightenment.
It was not land of the cowards, home of the slaves. It was land of you tread on me, buddy.
I don't know how this is gonna end, but you're gonna get one hell of a fight.
And now we're the opposite. The heroes, the heroes. It would have been heroes. Okay,
let's say these patsies really were shooting back and there's some evidence they may have been
probably set up double agents now coming out. Yeah, the cops have pulled SUVs up if it's true
and got out and had a firefight with these guys.
You're doing your job, but you're a man. You're not a coward. You'd call yourself a hero.
Going around, I mean, I've seen this before just national security events.
The cops will march over, arrogant, get in your face cuz they've been told to be arrogant,
and scream at you and bug their eyes out. And it's pathetic. I mean, it's embarrassing.
But it's so full of you better respect me, who I am. I'm Superman.
And you're the opposite of America. And folks, if you're not angry looking at these photos and
videos of what they did to people, I'm gonna have Kurt add even more. Guys,
cuz the Daily Mail sources us, which is good, and Drudge has this up, but they have more of
the videos. Ask Kurt to go to the Daily Mail linked under our link on drudgereport.com
and just add it all because it's our article that's super viral and everybody to see this.
Cuz we have, I mean, McBrain this morning goes, what do you want added? We got hundreds of these.
Well, just add it all. Cuz people are already going, this is only a few cases out of examples.
It's not all of them, this is happening. Ladies and gentlemen, you're all suspects. You're all
bad. You're all treated like terrorists. There's no warrants. How did they suspend
going everybody's houses without warrants? How'd they do that in Katrina? All the guns will be
taken, no one will be allowed to be armed. They are beta testing this, and they're saying
in the Wall Street Journal, well, let's have the whole country like this for our safety.
For our safety? Especially martial law in Chicago, does that keep you safe?
Decriminalizing the drugs the government ships in will cut the crime. Legalizing guns everywhere
will cut the crime. Not having men in black uniforms everywhere saying papers, please.
In fact, punch this back up, guys. We have a link up at the top of our info wars.com
article that says papers, please. And it shows 1938 Germany, two young soldiers looking at
people's papers, and then Boston. And you look at the satisfied look, you look at the satisfied look
on these military guys faces, and they just get off on it.
It's the exercise of raw power that is just so pathetic. Of course, it never happened down there
on the border doing that. It's just all a fraud. And see, the noose is getting tighter and tighter
around our neck. Well, now I can't go to a kite festival without Army wanting to search me in
Austin. If I go downtown now, the TSA is expanding out in random checkpoints where they come up with
cops and shove you up against the wall and go, we're getting in your bags, we don't care what
you say. We're meant to bring that up to the police chief. And you're all destroying your
future. You're all playing along like you're part of it. This is scientifically controlled,
orchestrated, transhumanist, eugenics, tyrannical takeover where we're all under attack. And you
know what? You're not gonna be able to count on the police and military to help us. Some of them
are doing the right thing. We need to reach out to them. But it's us, the citizens, the drones,
that have to stop saying yes to all this and bending over because you invite this.
They're already announcing they're taking the government pension funds. They're gonna take the
private pension funds. They're gonna take all the money out of your bank account. They're gonna take
everything you got if you bend over. If you give in, if you lick the boots, this is the plan.
And by increment, they're teaching you how to lick boots. They're teaching you that
that's what America's about. USA, USA. Yes, sir, point the gun at me, come in my house,
shove my wife up against the wall. Thank you, officer, USA, USA. I can't have a gun myself here
in Boston, but thank you for having a gun and coming in and shoving my wife up against the wall.
Thank you, officer. And the news is every Bostonian loved being under martial law,
civil emergency. No, they didn't. There are a lot of Bostonians that didn't.
They called into the show. By the way, I'm not making fun of a Boston accent. I love it.
In fact, I think I'm gonna start talking like that. But the point is, is that I just like to
do accents. Perhaps I should speak like this. Here in England, we don't have any firearms unless
you're wealthy. Then you have armed guards like the red coat telling us turn our guns in. Hello,
Americans, I work for the New World Order. Turn your firearms in. I am Piers Morgan.
I'm running from indictment in England. I have armed guards myself. But you should turn your
firearms in immediately. I'd like to dress up in a uniform myself and kill Alex Jones.
Let's go ahead and talk to John in Missouri. Thanks for holding her on the air, sir.
Hello. Hello, my friend. Hello, Alex.
Hello. Good to hear from you. Good to actually talk to you. I want to start off by saying that-
Wait a minute. If we screen your call, how do I know, because you're guilty until proven innocent,
that you don't have 14 dead kids in your basement and that you don't have five hand
grenades up your hind end and the TSA doesn't need to come in your house right now and do
a proctology exam. Look, pal, I've been beta tested over here in the ghetto for the last
seven years of my life, okay? I don't believe it. I think you may be al-Qaeda.
I only trust the black uniform government. I only trust the government. I love them.
I love them. I love them. It's totally normal. We need proctology exams on the side of the
highways they're now doing. Go ahead, I'm sorry. Citizenship doesn't give you immunity
from the law of war. If you take up arms or hostile acts against the nation-
Oh, like Vernon Del Waco? You'll be killed or captured. That's the law.
I've been- Look at that. I'm sorry, we had to have a Ms. Lindsey Graham on. I'm sorry,
go ahead. Twinkle Toes is done. What was your next point? I'm sorry.
No, you're okay. I want to say something about Boston. Like I said, I'm a black man. I've been
in the ghetto. Well, I'm out of the ghetto now, thank God. But I've been a part of the beta test.
I've seen it from the ground. I've seen it. I've been a part where if they start resisting,
you start resisting. You're not even resisting, you're still getting beat. So I understand that.
And to see what happened in Boston, America, you guys need to wake up.
I don't think it's enough. I think if they just say resist, they should gun you and your whole
family down. And if you got a baby, take it out of a stroller and just smash its brains out and
use it as a face cream for the police if it's sunny outside as a sunscreen. I think to respect
police like they did in the Aztec Kingdom and the Druid Kingdom, we should sacrifice our children
to them. They should pass a national law to sacrifice our children to the government at
the Washington Monument. It'll be like Logan's run, you'll beg them. Because if they said it
was like you'll be a TV star and it's really cool, like American Idol, if you get to say,
beat your child to death with a ball peen hammer on the steps of the Capitol,
then it would be good. I mean, don't you think that's a good idea for America, sir?
That's what they're trying to give their impression to the people that-
Sir, what's wrong with being pulled over and having police put on gloves and put them inside
two women's bodies, four orifices? I mean, that'll be the American flag. The American flag ought to
be a person in a uniform with a gun to your head ramming their arm up you, okay? I mean, I just,
I don't appreciate you extremists. We're going to come back and talk to this terrorist,
guilty until proven slave. Hail the new world order. Hail, hail, hail.
The coming financial collapse is real. The subsequent social unrest will happen.
Even if you made it out of suburbia alive, where would you take your family?
Act now to secure your survival retreat in the American Redoubt with the experts at
survivalretreatconsulting.com. The American Redoubt is the designated safe haven for all
liberty-minded patriots relocating to Idaho, Montana and Wyoming. Get eyes, ears and boots
on the ground. Get professional, confidential, discreet advice. Get survivalretreatconsulting.com.
Call 208-627-2855. Save time, money and stress while you secure your ultimate
survival retreat property now before it's too late. Water, energy, food,
defense. Survivalretreatconsulting.com. Survivalretreatconsulting.com.
Ceramic body armor is rated to stop six hits, but what about the seventh? Unlike ceramic or Kevlar,
Infidel body armor is proven to take hit after hit and it just won't quit. Reasonably priced
and designed for the smart civilian prepper, Infidel stops hundreds of hits from small arms
to high-powered rifles. That means safety and peace of mind. Buy yours at infidelbodyarmor.com.
Spelled I-N-F-I-D-E-L body armor dot com. Infidel body armor just won't quit.
We the people grow cotton, wheat fabric, engrave ink, embed strips and fibers to protect from
counterfeit, then carting to a private bank, having it led back at interest, forcing taxes
to service debt. This capitalism or was Jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing the
public currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than a standing army?
Hi, Ted Anderson. I'm placing a free silver dollar in a book that explains our monetary system. Call
for your copy. 800-686-2237. It's time to understand the system. Call 800-686-2237. That's
800-686-2237. In the last two years alone, the U.S. has seen huge losses to our food supply.
In 2011, storms and floods raged across the U.S., costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone. In 2012,
we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years. You may think out of sight,
out of mind, and so you don't think you will be affected. The fact is you are. We all are.
Food shortages drive prices up for everyone. You might not be able to control mother nature,
but you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply
with E Foods Direct. Be prepared before you need it with nutrient dense food you can store for up
to 25 years. You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you. Do what I've done and get your
own supply of the best durable foods out there from E Foods Direct. Call 800-409-5633 or visit
them on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex and check out their spring specials. Again,
that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex. You can bet
your life on E Foods Direct. Digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins.
That bears repeating. Digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins
and Pro-EM-1 daily probiotic cleanse is the key to digestive health. Pro-EM-1 is a powerful liquid
probiotic, strong enough to cleanse, gentle enough to use every day. Pro-EM-1 is dairy wheat and soy
free, contains all natural and certified organic ingredients, contains no preservatives or animal
products, supports a healthy digestive and immune system, supports weight loss, improves absorption
of food nutrients, aids in controlling yeast infections, is never freeze dried, and uses
three groups of live viable beneficial microbes to cleanse and remove toxins. Order Pro-EM-1 daily
probiotic cleanse at teraganix.com, spelled T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X dot com, teraganix.com,
or call toll free, 866-369-3678. That's 866-369-3678. Pro-EM-1, the raw probiotic.
Independence, they laid their bodies down in a bloody war.
On a bloody war. For liberty. For their descendants. And I owe a blood debt to my ancestors
for being tough as nails and founding this country and founding Texas and most of you have ancestors
that were involved in founding this great republic. Thank God for the renegades.
And I'm not going to let them down. We have to recognize the evil. What's coming next if citywide
they come to your house, point guns at you, and come in your house without warrants looking for
one guy, knowing they were testing a media shy op? The average cop didn't even know that.
And obviously some of the cops didn't act like total jerks, but they were still carrying out
unlawful orders and their whole search of the city didn't find the guy. The lockdown kept people from
finding him in the back of the boat. That later came out. I'm gonna go back to your calls. I'm
gonna do the oblivion thing next hour. I promise I will. My review of that, the anti-eliminati
tour de force, I'll just leave it at that. But they are now, the state police of Texas now
will pull you over, not even for speeding, and tell you to bend over the car and they will ram
their hand into your body. And the state police head said, that is normal, we authorize that.
And they are now in court defending against the indictment of the state police saying,
no, this is normal. They were in the news saying it's normal. So when I say, hey,
you know, we don't know if John in Missouri, we don't know if he has bombs in him.
Guilty under proven innocent. Government always does this. That's why it's against the law.
That's why it's stated in the Constitution Bill of Rights that the government can't do this.
That the government can't do this. And that's why Bloomberg says get rid of it,
because they're a bunch of crooks that have stolen this country. I'll call Bloomberg a crook,
trying to take our rights, trying to rule our life, trying to shut down gun manufacturers
around the country with racketeering type activities. They're a bunch of crooks,
a bunch of dirty crooks, the Fast and Furious crowd, all of them.
They're a mafia that wants you disarmed so they can treat you how they want and be above the law.
That's what the New World Order is. And I talk about, you know, sarcastically,
I shouldn't even joke. People think, it's for the government and kill their kids.
If we have a government worshiper listening, the status, they might actually say that's a good
idea. In every culture, every culture in known anthropology and archaeology, every culture gets
a civilization, then becomes decadent, centralized, and the leaders demand human sacrifice of babies
and children and women. First, it's bring me the best food and bring me your virgins
to the temple, cuz I'm the high priest and I wanna do things to them.
Then it's, you know what, I wanna kill kids, bring me your kids, and people do it. And then
they finally say, this is usually when the priest group gets overthrown for a while,
they go, I want the king's firstborn. And the king gets mad and doesn't do it. In fact,
you can study in a bunch of different cultures, they start demanding the king be sacrificed.
The bureaucrats, if the bureaucrats had their way, they would start demanding whoever the titular
head was be sacrificed. That's pretty much what the Kennedy assassination was. This is all
Illuminati stuff, folks. I don't believe in it, they do. People say, this is wild stuff,
it's history. I dare you to show me a culture where they didn't engage in human sacrifice.
The Greeks did it, the Romans did it, the Babylonians did it, the Japanese did it.
What do you think war is, sending our sons off?
All right, I'm ranting. John, finish up your points. I'm gonna come back in a long
segment, get to Jacob, Lucy, Shelley, Paul, and others. Go ahead and finish your point, sir.
Just real briefly, I was able to manage and watch how they operate. I mean, they operate, not all of
them was bad. I'm not saying the whole police was bad, but just when you're watching every day,
another dog getting kicked in, you see how they operate.
You see when you're getting followed into your house, they know who you are,
when they know where the drug's at, and they're not harassing those people, then it's very obvious
that it's something wrong. But when you see it on a mass scale, like something like Boston,
and I turn to MSNBC, I've seen the pictures on your site. And when you see that, I mean,
I'm not the smartest guy in the world, but that's obvious that they're just letting you know,
it's it, it's time, game's over, this is what you're gonna go through.
And I'm telling you, when you go through that every day, because I've been through that every
day, guns out, point at you. When they pull up to your car, they act like you are the criminal,
when they got the drugs. I mean, you've watched them take drugs from people and just not arrest
them. I mean-
Well, I know, listen, they took down China by making drugs illegal, and so they could
corrupt the police, and that's how the West took them over, the Opium Wars. Look it up, folks,
this is an exact plan they're following. And it's not our opinion, either the police,
the military, the media decides to join the people, or they give into this total takeover.
But don't think you're part of the winning team, folks, you're under attack as well in this
oblivion. We're on the march, the empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial law
have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result,
millions are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical
emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against
bacteria, viruses, moles, and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver
has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com. Use the promo code prepared for 20% off your entire order
and like us on Facebook. If you want an American company with American products made by Americans,
here is the Cal Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for
years. These all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that
are earth-friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free
catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs.
This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes
you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms, but if you don't have a home security system,
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power,
so even if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it
in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed. Getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is
also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a
stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you
wherever you go. You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your
property 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
For 50 years, we've told them what to eat, what to drink, what to wear. For Christ's sake, Ben,
don't you understand? Americans love television. They wean their kids on it.
Listen, they love game shows. They love wrestling. They love sports and violence.
So what do we do? We give them what they want.
We're number one, Ben. That's all that counts. Believe me, I've been in the business 30 years.
Well, I haven't been in show business as long as you have, Killian. But I'm a quick learner,
so I'm going to give the audience what I think they want. We now take you live
to the Central Texas Command Center in the heart of the resistance.
The running man came out in the mid 1980s and more and more our country looks like that.
That's what we saw in Boston was the running man. Who knows if they were real?
Who knows that they're like Whitman, Price and a Dodd. Their debt to society paid in full,
basking in the Maui sun. Last season's winners, no last season's losers.
And all the people that think they're winning in this system, you're the losers. Attaching USA,
USA to having your rights overrun. I mean, it's bizarre, man. I get around cops and they like
bug their eyes out and act like all on power trips. And then you see other cops are just
acting normal and friendly and nice. And you get to know these people. They're always the normal,
successful, decent people who are actually more manly than they are.
They're always the normal, successful, decent people who are actually more manly than the
weirdo police they're looking for now. And I obsess on police because in any police state,
you better know what you're dealing with. You better know what you're up against.
You better understand it. And listen, we've got a criminal government run by foreign banks.
We are occupied. They're trying to mop up what's left of the media. They're trying to take over
the web. They're trying to track everything with Internet sales taxes. I've read the bill,
it is so draconian, makes your head spin. And here's the good news. People are finally
freaking out. I'm monitored at home in the morning and driving into work in the morning
and driving around doing errands and things at night, talk radio, national and local.
Everybody's freaking out, like 90% of the callers about it all. People are really getting it.
But you don't just need to get it, you need to say no. You need to not comply with stuff that's
unconstitutional. And you need to work like the dickens to do everything you can to warn people
ahead of this. Because it's not enough to buy guns and just wait in your cabin and say first
person comes around here is deader than a hammer. You need to spend that energy in the information
war, hammer down, screaming bloody murder. Because, ladies and gentlemen, they're getting
away with everything right now. And again, you're like, why would they declare martial law in a
whole city, call it a civil emergency? I've always told you they'll call it a civil emergency,
public safety. And you notice it's never gonna be called martial law.
It was called a civil emergency public safety when they looted the first houses they went to
were in the high and dry area in Louisiana, some of them $15 million historic homes.
I happened to have been given a coffee table book about a year before that happened. Cuz
my wife had lived in New Orleans for a few years. One of her family gave her a coffee table book
with New Orleans. So I was reading about the architecture, knew the houses that I was then
seeing on television when they were going in there taking their guns.
And then I get the army manuals. Guys, punch up Rob Do that I'm going to your calls. Rob Do's
report that's got two and a half million views titled Military Trains to Shoot Americans That
Don't Turn in Guns. And then it shows the army manual, how they process our social security
numbers, how they put us in the labor camp, how they kill the people that don't turn the guns in.
And it's got the army manual number that's at army.mil. I mean, that's red alert, over the top,
out of control. Watch this, Army Trains to Shoot Americans That Don't Turn in Guns.
And this is still not working, it's still not typing.
I'm gonna probably get a new computer or get it worked on.
What I normally do is, what I normally do is break a computer. That's the only way I get a
new computer. I just break it, quietly take it, smash it, put it in the trash, I've actually done
that. And then that's how I get a new computer. Cuz I've been going on for about a week, is it
time for this computer to die? I mean, I know it's all the crap they make with the poor Chinese
slaves anyways. The point is that article's everywhere, go ask Rob Do to bring it up to us.
The video's got two and a half million views on YouTube. US military trains to shoot and kill
Americans that don't turn their guns in, boom. And it's got all the manuals, it's got it all.
People say, don't scare me with this information. I'm not trying to scare you,
I'm trying to get you to do something.
I'll call Rob Do. Let's go ahead and there it is, troops ordered to kill all Americans who
do not turn in their guns, 2,376,000. Now, ladies and gentlemen, that needs to have 50
million views, okay? That needs to have, thank you, sir. They keep fixing and it keeps not working.
Anyways, I'm just sick of it. I'm tired of trying to convince people we've been taken over by
crooks. Congress is having hearings about taking anything they want out of your bank account,
no judge, no jury, and taking all your pensions. They will do it, they're hardcore criminals.
The wives of congressmen in some cases get $10 billion contracts to spy on you. They're a pack
of larcenous scum. And all you idiots that work for the system, they will take everything you've
got as well, you morons. You're not part of the winning team. You're under New World Order
control. You're being poisoned through the food and water and vaccines already.
And a lot of you won't listen. But when your wife dies young, or your kids start dying,
or your neighbors start dying like they already are, and you look at the numbers,
you're gonna learn they're killing you and your family. That doesn't matter.
Put on a black uniform and act tough in front of everybody for your egomania.
Or be a bureaucrat spying on people, or working a corporation doing all this because they're
shutting the corporations down that aren't globalist right now. I'm sorry, I said I'd
take calls. I'm just so angry right now. I shouldn't even probably be on air. I'm so
sick of it. I'm so tired of it. What does it take to get people out of their coma?
This is an enemy foreign banking force planning its flag on us for martial law training and
bragging in the Wall Street Journal that this is the new America battlefield. Shut up checkpoints,
arrest, take the guns, rob everything. Don't you get it? In Mexico, in places in Africa,
most of the countries, it's just the military runs everything.
And there's no production. Cuz no one even try to build anything or make anything in Africa or
Latin America. Cuz the military will get jealous of that and come and rob it. And just so you don't
try to get it back, they'll kill you. All over, almost every African country,
if you try to build or make anything, the military or police come by, steal it,
and then kill you so that you don't ever come back on them. And so there's nothing.
The whole society falls down until there's one president in a rotting compound with weapons
everywhere with crazed look on his eyes and giant uniforms with salad all over it,
all little ribbons and symbols. And now you look at our police and military,
they're all in third world dictator clown outfits, stumbling around urinating all over us politically.
I mean, where's the spirit of 1776? Where is America? Well, I'll tell you,
they're gonna blow stuff up and blame it on us. Get ready for that, and they're gonna start
their fight. They're gonna conscript your kids into national service. Your kids are gonna come
home, it's already happening, and boss you around about the environment, and boss you around about
your guns, and then report you. And then they'll be on the news saluting as you're taken away to
a forced labor camp. Think I'm joking? Guys type in Army manual reeducation camp.
They even use the term reeducation camp. You're like, why? Why use the Soviet term?
Why use the Alexander-Shelton-Eason term? Why not? Go all the way. Yeah, Man Cal,
Man Cal even I was able to talk to these military people. He saw a whole bunch of trucks
with mannequins stuffed with dirt that the military had been shooting up of men, women,
and children. You're like, that couldn't be true. Really, they confirmed the targets of
five-year-old children and pregnant women to shoot. Internment resettlement operations,
FM 3-39.40. The government, look, when they blow stuff, they're not just gonna come get your guns.
They're gonna put out a cover story. They're gonna make it look like there's a reason they've
got to do this to set the precedent as a shy op to get you to stand down. The truth is I talked to
a lot of Bostonians who didn't buy into what happened. Okay, let's go to your calls. Jacob
in Minnesota, thanks for holding her on the air. Hello, Alex. Man, you've got me so worked up
right now. You are firing on all cylinders today. I'm loving the show. I can't thank you
enough for what you do. Please don't thank me, brother. Well, I'm calling because I wanted to
validate you a little bit because you talk about how people can be so dumbed down.
I shared your videos, the YouTube videos, where the Boston police are going door to door and
taking people out of their homes. And people comment on the video saying, well, there's so
many people in the house. Look at them coming out. They must have been doing something wrong.
I'm telling you, people are just completely oblivious to what is happening. It just blows
my mind. That's because they have been scientifically programmed incrementally
on record. And when they were arresting us and even putting us in labor camps,
because we got to pay our way, they will cheer that on as well.
Because they're so cowardly, they will accept anything. See, once you buy into evil,
you've got to keep saying yes to it because you never want to admit you're wrong. You understand?
These people, the New World Order looks at these chumps you're talking about
and absolutely sees a dinner. It's like a wolf seeing a bloodied sheep, what happens?
And they think, they know it's evil. They think if they grovel to it, it's going to be okay.
And that's the spirit. That's why it's happening.
Well, I just want to thank you for what you're doing. I go month to month on Prison Planet to
support you a little bit more. I want to encourage current Prison Planet members to do that. And for
those of you that are listening, because you're getting so much traffic right now,
you got to take a look at what Alex Jones has done over the past 15 years.
This is the information that he throws out there. I mean, it's because of your information, Alex,
that I no longer just hear the news. I create a web of information in my mind and it is so
liberating. I can't tell you how liberating it is to be able to discern from the news,
not just hear the news. And so I can't thank you enough for helping me do that.
Well, by the way, brother, what that is, is you haven't really brain boosted. You're just awake
now. And people are asleep. Their brain waves are lower. They're in a near sleep state. They watch
TV all day. They shuffle around. They act like they're working. Big studies are out that about
half the workday is spent checking email and frittering. And so they're just these lazy,
shuffling, dead people. The New World Order lives. We sleep. And Christ says it's time for
the sleeper to awaken. And it's time for people to awaken. And then when you know history and you
see what's happening and you know how cold blooded they are and how much money they're stealing,
you go, my God, crooks took over everything. And they've hired a bunch of subservient weirdos
that love the exercise of power. You know, there are people that like to,
you know, have power who will sit there and, you know, enjoy abusing farm animals all day.
I mean, it's basically the same mindset of pressing on the nerve of power hollow,
mindless, just incredibly bizarre. They're getting rid of any due process in Canada right now
to secretly arrest and disappear people with their fake al-Qaeda deal. Again, the Western governments
run al-Qaeda. Why are we having to give our rights up because of al-Qaeda? They run. Again,
it's all two plus two equals four. It's all incredible common sense stuff.
And that's why I get so angry. That's why I get so mad is that I know about the declassified
declassified medical testing on little kids still going on where they kill little kids.
The government orders it. They're murderers and they kill kids over here and don't get in trouble
exercising their power and then go, oh, look at this eight year old boy.
Give your rights up to us and use our own emotion, use our goodness against us.
Get our best men to go serve them and do horrible things because they believe they're really
battling the threat of Islam when it's all a clash of civilizations, PNAC plan to build up
the radical Muslims, have us have a war with each other that they really used to double back and
attack patriots with, which they're now doing. And I warned you, how did I warn you? The PNAC
document stated the plan like we're idiots. And then they said, we'll use race specific weapons
to kill most of the people after we've had this clash. The clash is to put the electronic spy
drone kill grid in. Once Skynet, and that's their Pentagon word, that's not from the Terminator
series, they used a Pentagon term. Once from 1977, once Skynet is in place, once the digital
skin is in place, they're putting the proper drugs in the water to control us.
They're actually wearing battle planning. This is all public, they write books about it.
Listen, they're basically like an off world group of aliens, but they're humans.
They might as well be oblivion. They might as well be the Black Pyramid. They might as well
be the red eye of Sauron. They believe that's what they're going to become. And you can say,
well, they're channeling Satan that is an off world entity. That's pretty much what it is.
I've analyzed this so long, I'll just tell you. Satan's real, folks. It's a black freaking
pyramid. That's what I envision in my mind is Satan six, eight months ago. And that's what
other people envision as the pure evil, the dehumanizing, technocratic, complete takeover,
and the end of humanity as we know it, taking its time to grow the artificial skin,
compartmentalizing everybody. And again, whether you believe in God, the devil, whatever,
humans are manifesting. The technocrats believe that they're gonna dumb us down,
create the world government, orderly exterminate us, while always saying it's terrorists or other
groups that did it. I mean, do you see what I'm saying, sir? It's a battle gridded,
war gamed, giant program, all sliced and dialed and prepared. And notice it's all rolling out,
just as I said it would. Do you see what I'm saying?
Oh, yeah, absolutely. And once again, I have to validate that because if a new listener is
listening to you talk about these things, and they can seem so shocking. But I'm telling you,
once you start to wake up to the paradigm that we are all in, like in our minds and our perception,
you're gonna start to make connections. And you're gonna start to understand
how some of these things come about. I mean, you've done such an awesome job of showing people
how false like terrorists happen throughout history, and how central banks have done so much
to enslave humanity. And folks, until you can't just hear what Alex Jones has to say,
you've gotta do your own research. You've gotta start making connections in your own
mind so that when you hear things, others then from Alex Jones, you're gonna start making those
connections and things are gonna validate themselves.
Well, listen, I hope listeners are listening to me. The government since the 20s and 30s
has done declassified medical experiments where if a girl made a B plus on a paper below B plus,
they would sterilize them. And they would do medical experiments on them while they did it,
sometimes just kill them. Listen, I appreciate your call. The globalists see themselves as
technocrats. They say that themselves. I've been saying that for 15 years since I really
discovered all this at a deeper level. And now you notice the EU calls themselves technocrats
because they're books, they call themselves this. And they believe they're scientific and
cold blooded. We're dumb animals. We deserve to die. They're really just people on
crazy narcissistic power trips. They do have high IQs, but they don't have empathy.
They're soulless. The only soul they've got is wanting to hurt beauty.
They have a dark soul, a twisted soul, a stinking soul. The Bible says the demons stink. I mean,
these people, they stink. You can call it whatever you want, ladies and gentlemen.
You can call it whatever you want, but the end game is the same. And they think you're
dumb animals. They think you can't admit what's happening. They brag about it.
And they're growing a digital electronic prison skin into everything. All the new appliances,
everything with them listening to you. The CIA brags about it. Just a hardcore vicious takeover.
They're poisoning you and your family. They're poisoning me. Everyone's ill all over the place.
They're reporting that a 30-year-old is the equivalent of a 50-year-old now.
They're murdering us. And it's just gonna get worse and worse and crazier and more suicides
and more attacks. You just gotta pray to God, the God of the universe, the God of the Bible.
And I'm telling you, that's the only thing that's gonna open your mind and soul to defeat this.
We gotta just hit our knees and say, Creator, we know there's a dark force.
Help us. We wanna be good. Make me a vessel against this. And then it will all open up.
In the US, one in every 50 homes will have a break in this year.
Burglars call it smash and grab. Police call it robbery. We call it avoidable. We
are Fake TV, a simple electronic device that can fool even professional burglars.
Fake TV easily plugs into any outlet and simulates the changing colors of a television.
To a burglar, it looks like someone must be home watching TV,
so they'll likely move on to an easier target. At only $29.95, Fake TV costs less than a month
of most alarm monitoring plans and comes with free shipping. Order your Fake TV by calling
877-5FAKETV or go to FAKETV.com. That's 877-532-5388 or FAKETV.com. Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
With health threats on the rise, such as West Nile virus, MRSA, CRE, and now the new bird flu
recently discovered in China, there has never been a more crucial time to support your immune system.
Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary new silver solution that is clinically shown to be several
hundred times more effective than colloidal or ionic silver and is powerful enough to help
protect you and your family. Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, highly effective,
and perfect for everyday use inside the body as well as out. The Science Digest Journal says,
silver is our mightiest germ fighter. It is virtually non-toxic and is emerging as a wonder
of modern medicine. Supernatural Silver is the number one choice of thousands for improved health
and immune system support. To find out how Supernatural Silver can change your life,
go to SupernaturalSilver.com and use the promo code SPRING2013 for 20% off and like us on Facebook.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms. But if you don't have a home security
system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're
sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new
do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to GetSimplySafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down,
you're protected. It's completely customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat,
trailer, storage unit, or shed. GetSimplySafe.com. SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install
yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or
need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home,
but SimpliSafe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again,
that's GetSimplySafe.com. No matter how hard you try, you can't stop us now.
Look, everybody who's given a secondary education is taught there's too many people. Humans are ugly
and bad, but only those that love the state are good and virtuous. That's taught standard
everywhere worldwide in the last 100 years because the robber barons took over education.
They are social Darwinists. They believe you're animals and they're doing the world
a favor to kill you. And if you buy into their programming, you deserve it.
That's why Kesha and every major rapper now openly worships Satan and teaches people how
to commit suicide. And it's 10-year-old girls, mothers, buy them the downloads,
here, listen and learn how to commit suicide. Then suicide upticks and they go,
we wanna test all Americans for suicide and put you on drugs. Congress is looking at that right
now. See, it's a psychological, spiritual virus they load into you to make you not have a life
force or to make you hate yourself. And I talked to the trendies, they go, well, there are too many
people. And I guess there are too many Africans. And I go, but I, so socialist healthcare is for
eugenics. Well, we can't pay for all these old people. Really, you can't just grow the pie?
Well, it's hurting the Earth. Really? The globalists are blocking real technological
development that would help the Earth. They're the worst for the environment.
And they'll go, well, there are too many people. And I go, do you understand you're under attack
too? Don't you get that? That you know this is going on. I mean, that's the message I wanna get
out there. What you're seeing is the building of a world government to carry out the orderly
forced population reduction by very accelerated bioweapon and chemical means. And you're seeing
the ambient background turned up as more and more people get sick and die right now.
And it's just gonna get more and more and more insane very, very quickly.
And again, this is the reality. I can't lie to you. They wanna incrementally show you the reality
so you titrate the dose. How do people that handle snakes get used to being able to be bit by them?
They give them small amounts and build it up. That's titrating the dose. You're giving more
and more evil, more and more evil, more and more evil where they can be, yeah, we just take babies
and throw them in toilets. And yeah, we kill foster kids with pesticides. And yeah, we torture
people's kids in front of them, but it's USA, USA. And yeah, we're gonna declare martial law
over city and search all your houses. And we're gonna burn Dorner down and lie to you about it.
And yeah, we're gonna do forced inoculations. And yeah, we're gonna give no bid contracts
to congressman's wives for billions of dollars. And we're gonna confiscate your guns, but we're
not gonna confiscate your guns. And see, now they've just got you where everybody's like,
well, I guess they lie. I don't know what the truth is. I don't know what the.
And that's why I get so angry because I'm trying to shake people out of the complacency here.
Cuz they've incrementally built it up, built it up, built it up, built it up, built it up,
built it up to where in the movies, people find out they're in the matrix. So they find out
they're in oblivion and they wake up and do something. But I mean, take the oblivion plot
line. Instead of Tom Cruise finding out what's really going on and firing against it, he'd be
like, well, I guess I'll just try to live out as a slave of this thing that's gonna kill everybody.
Just cuz I feel like I'm on the winning team. It might kill me in ten weeks.
But I wanna imagine I'm with the winning team, because that's really what would happen.
I mean, you are under attack. Pure evil. Once you get a tyranny in place,
only the most evil can be allowed to get into the position of power, the top of the pyramid.
You can have somebody really bad, but as soon as somebody else even worse gets in,
they'll get in. And then they'll get in, they'll get in until you get absolute crystalline,
pure unadulterated death in control. What's at the bottom of the rabbit hole, Illuminati?
Death. What's at the bottom of God's rabbit hole? Eternal life,
just accelerated intelligence. The whole universe opened up in a trillion realities.
Just everything good, everything transcendent, everything, the poetry flowing
versus people stomping around, bugging their eyes out, wearing black uniforms,
trying to reflect the darkness. You're not even the darkness. You try to reflect it
like a moth to flame. Your call straight ahead. Tons of news. Stay with us.
You are listening to GCN. Visit GCNlive.com today.
The fact is you are. We all are. Food shortages drive prices up for everyone.
You might not be able to control mother nature, but you can control your food
prices by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply with eFoods Direct.
Be prepared before you need it with nutrient dense food you can store for up to 25 years.
You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you. Do what I've done and get your own supply
of the best durable foods out there from eFoods Direct. Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the
web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex and check out their spring specials. Again,
that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
Waging war on corruption. Alex Jones on the GCN radio network.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
All right, I'm gonna go to your phone calls right now. And then coming up, oops,
Ryerson's suspect released, was he framed? Of course, and I told you, they always launch an
anthrax Ryerson attack during the terror attack to make Congress be part of the narrative like
they're victims too. That's the script, and I told you that would end up being fake.
They always have multiple patsies. They'll probably kill the third patsy. For some reason,
they're pathological. Big sis pushes citizenship for illegals,
politico, immigration law would secure democratic victories for generation electoral shift.
Tying it to a racial system, tying it to socialism,
tying it to the globalist conquering of America. That's what that is, divide and conquer.
Shelly, thanks for holding. You wanna talk about gun control and martial law?
Thank you for joining us. Go ahead.
Hey, Alex Jones. Got a question for you. This is about population control. I remember you and
Joel Skeleton talking about the government's need to disarm the country and to get as many
on welfare as possible before they drop the hammer on the citizens. So my question is about
one of those hammers. Would you agree that there is a connection between the DHS buildup
and the race for martial law and the common icing that astrophysicist James McCaney says
has the risk of sending the EMP and knocking out our grid system, causing all kind of chaos and
mass deaths over time. And the government's need to maintain as much control as possible
before this event occurs. Well, man, there's a lot of people worried
about EMPs. They try to predict them or solar flares. They do happen, it is a threat,
but it's always right around the corner. And so it's basically used as a way to always,
oh, it's the end of the world. So what, why should I be involved anyways?
So that's what I see on that front. Basically, the government's gearing up with all this police state
because they've already stolen all the money. They're bringing in a world government.
We're being cold bloodedly conquered right now. And they're gonna bring in populations
from all over the world that are accustomed to living as slaves who will then accept,
you know, being slaves. America is going into bondage because the new world order is all about
global slavery, global bondage, and they can't have any, you know, of us being free when
everybody else is slaves. Okay, so you don't really think that this is a peripheral issue
with this common icing? Absolutely, it's pure crap.
Okay, all right. No, but I'm glad you brought that up. I mean,
they have real asteroids, real comets that come by, real things hit us.
But you're just always hearing it's the end of the world with 2012 and it's always the end of
the world. And it's just like, it's a serialized deal people do. It's the end of humanity happening
incrementally right now. It's the slow death that's hard to beat. Our shields are up for
the big frontal assault. It's the slow knife that slips through our shield. You understand
what I'm saying? Thank you for the call, ma'am. And don't think I'm poo-pooing you for bringing
that up. I'm glad you brought it up. Lucy, in Minnesota, you're on the air.
Hi, I'm calling about an article you had on Infowars yesterday about the younger brother and how he posted on Facebook.
Yes. There's a lot more to that story. I actually saw the posting early that morning before he was
arrested. And I wanted to get a hold of you to send you some photos of pages that they replaced
his with. Do you have your tip line? Yes, we'll put you on hold, guys. You have the tip line
hanging up on the wall in there and we can give that tip line number out to you, ma'am.
Would you like to know what happened? Sure, you're on the air.
That morning, I went on Facebook to look at his page because I was reading an article on MSN
that said he used social media. And I was just curious about him. And I saw the posting that he
made. And so I showed it to my son. And then I went and wrote it down. I should have taken a
photo of it, but you have the photo of it already. Then I looked up his brother's page. And that one
was basically empty. There wasn't any photos or pictures of his friends or anything on it. So I
went back to what's his name? All right, well, thank you. Very interesting. We'll look into it.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our immunity
and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection
of silver based products. Our most popular silver based products are the 32 ounce nano silver
solutions, our two ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well as our all natural silver
soaps. Just released is our 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic
gelling agents which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface. But rather, we have
formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera to quickly
penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more effectively. Visit www.silverlungs.com
and click on our store page to find what silver based products are best for you.
That's www.silverlungs.com. Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system,
portable on the go. No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid.
Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element.
It is the only one that does it and out of the gates. We have it discounted at 10%
off with promo code water. This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides,
herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of
fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your
Pro Pure with the new Pro One filters today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial law
have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result,
millions are stockpiling food, gold and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical
emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against
bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver has over
500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it the number one choice of preppers
across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to
SupernaturalSilver.com. Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
Defending the Republic from enemies foreign and domestic, it's Alex Jones.
We've been raised watching television. I call it television sickness and we all suffer from it.
You go out in public, people don't even talk to each other.
All they do is just click their iPads and iPhones made by slaves in China.
And we're turning away from our humanity. We're in a desperate situation. I have a stack of news
here about what's happening to us physically. People call that negative. I'm supposed to just
turn away from everybody, turn away from myself, turn away from my futures, my children's future,
and just embrace all the liars and all the weird psycho scum like Janet Napolitano that craves
running our life and just turn our world over to the very worst people. Janet Napolitano,
immigration bill, important step, though obviously she hasn't read the 800-page bill.
Politico says it will cause a generational shift and guaranteed Democratic takeover of everything.
It's globalist takeover to foreigners. Hey, come in, we'll give you free stuff
cuz you come from countries where no guns are allowed and you're slaves.
You wanna help bring down America? Come on. And if you actually downloaded info into these
foreigners about liberty and freedom and taught them, it wouldn't be that big of a problem.
But it's just the end of the country. But I mean, by then it won't even matter, folks. The
globalist are accelerating their entire program so fast right now to pull everything down and then
have national security states around them, protecting them while they implode you and
your family as an act of domination and control. And I just look at the slug-like demonic
evil with her Superman hair and everything of Janet Napolitano and all her lies and all
the stuff she stages. And it's all just filth, just filth ruling over us.
Internet security bill, the total takeover into free speech,
CISPA moves to the Senate. Employees will be forced to divulge Facebook passwords.
That's cuz the companies are all gonna be being paid to data mine you. It's all about getting
paid to spy to make it ubiquitous, then the law, then not pay you anymore. It's how slavery works.
And it just continues on from that point. And good people are standing down,
and criminality is just overrunning us at every level.
Let's go ahead and go to your calls. Paul in Ontario, Canada, you're on the air. Thanks for
holding. Hey, Alex, how you doing? I kind of got into a ranting mood today.
I noticed. Anyways, you had a post up on Infowars. It was a link to the Opie and Anthony show. I
just talked to an innocuous clip. I ended up listening at the 250 mark while this eyewitness
is recounting his experience. You hear police radio in the background.
Yeah, I noticed that. I don't even know why Steve Watson, I think he was updating this morning,
even put that up. I mean, cuz it says eyewitness recounts. And it's funny, I listened to it this
morning. And it sounds like a cop putting out an official story. And we've seen a lot of that,
cuz there's a lot of other witnesses saying they ran over the guy with the car, they shot him up,
and things like that. And so yeah, you're right. I actually heard that in there.
And I remember noticing, and I was driving in in the morning, listening to that clip,
I had it plugged into my dash, listening to the YouTube video. And I heard that as well.
Yeah, at about the four-minute mark, there's another point where he says, and this was
a show that was on Monday, and the event was Friday, right? There's one point where he says,
oh, my truck is probably riddled with bullet holes. You couldn't go outside all Friday,
so you decided not to go on Saturday, Sunday, or Monday morning? He didn't drive,
he didn't even go check on his car? It's funny, and I'm also bashed on the clip,
which if I don't mind, I didn't listen to the whole thing. But I did notice all that.
Yes, sir, I did notice that. It meant to make a note of it. In fact, I'll give you another
note of it. In fact, I'll give people the exact headline. I think it's like witness to
shootout, or it'll be in the archive, the featured news archive link, guys, there,
and I'll come show you where it is. Significant as anything else you said,
I just figured it's another piece of the puzzle, why not throw it out there, right?
Yeah, I actually thought I heard that what you said. I'm just so busy, I never even checked
into it. So it looks like even though, I mean, maybe Steve Watson was trying to quote show both
sides. I don't know, cuz we had witnesses up there yesterday saying they laid him out,
basically shot him up and ran the car over him, but government wouldn't do that.
I mean, they do medical experiments on little kids and murder them, but that's loving.
In fact, maybe we should have a national day of thanks for all the troops, the government
nerve gassed to death in different programs like Porton Down and Project Shad and other stuff. I
mean, there it is, eyewitness describes Watertown shootout. And guys, go to the two, what is it,
250 mark, you said? Yeah, 250 in three minutes, there's a police radio going on,
and about four minutes is where he makes the remark about his car.
Yeah, well, the police don't engage in psyops, so I think we should worship government,
thank you for the call. Very extreme phone call there. I mean, we all heard the police say,
let's burn his cabin down, burn that down, burn that bleeper down, burn it down. Okay,
we're getting the fire to burn it down. Okay, we're placing the fire, it's ignited,
it's burning down. But first they said that those tapes weren't real, and they said, well,
they're real, but we didn't mean that. And everything's fine. And again, I say take more
shots and drink more fluoride water and eat more GMO, even though it kills the rats in the studies.
Okay, Samuel in New Jersey, you're on the air, go ahead. Hey, I've been listening to you guys
over the past couple days and I don't know if you noticed this, but if you look at the two pictures
of the Boston bombing suspects that they have with the backpacks on, one of them has a gray
backpack, the other one has a white backpack, but the backpack with the bomb in it was black.
Yep, no, no, both the bombs were in black backpacks, and we have people there at the
scene with the exact same backpacks. And you had everybody there with black backpacks,
it was part of the drill so that nobody found the real bomb. And then the CNN was quick to say,
well, we're sure they unzipped it with the pressure cooker, though we're doing a behind
the scenes study with that very pressure cooker. Looks like you couldn't cram it in there and then
put it in another backpack, plus they had small backpacks. If the glove doesn't fit, you must quit.
Yeah, another thing that I forgot to tell while they were asking what I was gonna say,
is there's actually more about the Federal Reserve. I don't know if you ever heard of
executive order 1110? Yeah, Kennedy signed it, and one month later they blew his head
off in front of everybody, and they had guys lined up with guns like a firing squad, and
over 100 people saw it. And then so they murdered all those people, and it's even on the film,
you see the poofs of smoke, and you've been at the grassy knoll, I mean, it's like 30 yards
to Kennedy. And everybody saw it, the policemen all ran up there, but you know what government
loves is, sir, I mean, look, the government, again, taking foster children and murdering
them in radiation and pesticide tests, even just a few years ago, is loving. So they would never
kill a president, okay? Another thing I just wanna say, I probably listen to you almost every day,
and I'm actually 14 years old, and when I first started talking about stuff like this,
people, it was kind of annoying or embarrassing, but I just learned not to care anymore, or people
can be, I mean, you probably have so many people that hate you, or make fun of you,
or call you crazy, or stuff like this, but- No, no, they're the ones that are crazy. Look
at this CNN news story, teacher sues school over suspension for weapons charge, showing students
gardening tools to teach them how to garden. I mean, I saw a story where the valedictorian
got her diploma taken for a year, had to go back to school, because on the last day of school,
she brought a pie, I think it was key lime, to school to go to her teacher's after school party,
that's the teacher's pet, to cut it up and give pie.
But the good news is that the security guard walked by, saw the plastic pixie butter knife,
and made the arrest. And then I saw another case where it was salutatory and had a,
was moving out that next day to go to college. They were already getting into summer school
college, the salutatorian, and she again had a set of knives, forks, and spoons with butter knives
with a slightly serrated edge. The security guard, the slave guard, saw that, and the arrest was
made. And of course, we've all heard about those stories. Isn't that good, sir? You don't wanna be
an extremist, do you? Yeah, back in the 40s, no one hated guns, I don't understand. When do we
fail our generation with weapons? I mean weapons- Sir, here's the deal, none of it makes sense
cuz it's not meant to. Psych warfare chiefs, whose religion is eugenics, are in control.
And they've got delusions of grandeur how they're going to merge with machines and live forever.
I don't know if that's really gonna happen. That's their public plan. Ray Kurzweil, all of them.
Watch my film, Endgame Blueprint for Global Enslavement. All the big billionaires, they're
in the globalist club, give tens of millions a year to these big laboratories and think tanks.
Cuz when you got everything, what do you want? More life. What does Roy Batty want at Tyrell
Corporation in Blade Runner? What's he want? What's he want, Samuel? I don't know. I want more life.
And then he adds an ex-completive to it.
New Jersey is the worst. Cuz I mean, I went down to Cabela's in Pennsylvania,
and bought a BB gun. It was like 50 bucks. I go down to a display and goes to New Jersey,
do the same exact BB gun with a state of the art trigger guard with bulletproof glass on it.
So no one can get to the BB gun. I mean, it's a BB gun.
Well, no, no, no, no, no. Citizens with the image of a gun must be
illegalized. Illegalized, I'm inventing words, must be made illegal. But then government armed
with the teeth, violating our rights, that must be made the ambrosia of liberty. See,
USA-USA Liberty is a city under martial law with housewives being drug out at gunpoint and cops
shoving them up against walls in the sacrament of power. Cuz if they can shove you up against a wall,
they can take your kids, and they can do that for no reason. They can make you take shots,
and they can take your bank account cuz you're not needed anymore. And those cops aren't gonna
be needed anymore soon with the robots, and the robotics, and the drones, and the drone submarines,
the drone ships, the drone aircraft, the combat robots on the ground.
It's over. The decision's been made to poison us, dumb us down,
just put out so much garbage on media. No one can tell the difference between real death and
simulated death or just a bunch of brainwashed zombies drooling waiting for the end. Well,
not me. I'm not going down without a fight, ladies and gentlemen, and it's an info war.
Thank you for the call. All right, let's go to Jeff and Julie, and we'll go to Marty and Jim and
many other straight ahead. I'm Alex Jones. Wake up or lay down and die.
Bills in front of Congress right now could take away your right to keep and bear arms.
If Obama has his way, all guns will be either banned, restricted, or confiscated,
possibly by executive order. The best way to keep your guns is to hide them. When Obama can't find,
Obama can't take away. You can protect your guns from any threat. Download our special report,
How to Hide Your Guns at gohideyourguns.com. Learn how to hide your guns while keeping them
readily available. Get the report now before they make us take it down on the web at gohideyourguns.com.
Sergeant Dave Scott, Army search and rescue veteran, wants you to hear this urgent message.
All emergencies have casualties, but in America, most casualties from storms like Katrina and Sandy
only happen because good people were in the wrong place at the wrong time. Don't let that happen to
you. Visit yourbugoutplan.com on the web. Watch a free video presentation of the skills you need
to be long gone before any disaster can touch you. You owe it to yourself and to your family
to watch this. Head to yourbugoutplan.com on the web right now, yourbugoutplan.com.
Hello, I'm Alex Jones. Myself, my family, the Infowars.com team want to relay to you
and your families that we are intensifying our efforts against the globalist on every front.
Infowars.com is leading the fight against the technocrats, but we can't do that without your
help. By getting the films, bumper stickers and t-shirts at Infowars.com, you will wake up people
in your area and support our operation as we move to the next level. We need your help to
spread the word like never before. They wish to hide themselves during this tectonic battle
between the forces of freedom and darkness. You are the response to the globalist technocrats
and their program of global eugenics dehumanization and ultimate extermination.
The war is here. It's an info war. The spirit of 1776 versus the mindset of 1984.
Hempusa.org has a revolutionary wonder food for detoxing the body and rebuilding the immune system.
Micro plant powder can help unclog arteries and soften heart valves while removing heavy metals,
virus, fungus, bacteria and parasites. Plus it cleans and purifies the blood, lungs, stomach and
colon. Keep your body clean with micro plant powder. Order today at 888-910-4367 or visit
hempusa.org. Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered why banks, stock workers,
investment advisors won't talk about gold IRAs? They've been available since 1986,
yet the financial industry won't recognize the value of gold for your retirement. Gold
is outperformed paper investments, yet no word about IRAs. If you would like to have
gold for your retirement, call 800-686-2237. Don't get left behind by rising inflation and
low returns. Call 800-686-2237. Secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
Hey there, my name is Frank Bates. Do you know the number one most valuable item in a crisis?
Some people think the answer is gold. Others think it's a gun. But the correct answer will shock you.
I just created a free video at crisis123.com that reveals a surprising item that is more valuable
than gold in a crisis. Ninety-seven percent of Americans don't have this one critical item.
In fact, they haven't even given it a thought. And the sad truth is that you may not survive
without it when a real crisis hits and a starving mob is right outside your door.
What I have to tell you could literally make the difference between life and death
for you and your family. Watch my video at crisis123.com to discover the number one
most valuable item in a crisis. You'll be shocked. See the controversial video that
thousands of other smart patriots have already seen in the last three months.
Go watch my video now at crisis123.com before they force me to shut it down.
Again, that's crisis123.com.
All right, let's continue with your phone calls. I'll get into more news coming up,
and I will spend a few minutes talking about oblivion, but I'm so wound up now.
I may do it on the nightly news tonight. Do it properly. We're going to play a clip coming up.
It's on drugsreport.com at the news website politico.com, and it's titled,
Ted Cruz asked Janet Napolitano if she's read the immigration bill.
So we're going to cover that right now. Let's go to Jeff in Texas. Jeff, you're on the air. Go ahead.
Yeah, turn your radio off, bud. Give me a favor.
Okay, that's not going to work. They got him. How are you doing today?
I'm doing all right. Go ahead. Hey, yeah, I've been awake since about, let's see, when
George Bush Jr. became our president, and I got awake when he wouldn't close the borders down,
when he said all the terrorists were coming in, and the guy wouldn't close the borders,
and I'd be like, okay, there's supposed to be a terrorist threat, but you won't close our borders.
I mean, it's just all totally meant to be transparent. They're just training us.
They're going to ask for mass sacrifice of our kids soon publicly. I'm telling you,
people don't believe that. They're already saying kill babies up to age three.
Ha, ha, ha, the baby drowned in the toilet. Kill the babies. Kill, kill, kill.
I mean, it's just a bunch of sick freaks. You're right. In the Illuminati, I did a video
called 2012 Illuminati Movie and Game Awards, and I showed in all these movies with GI Joe,
with Cobra taking over the White House, with Bruce Wayne being in a female camp, with the game,
what is it called, Rainbow Sticks Patriots. Have you seen that game?
No, but I've heard about it, where they put you in camps and torture people.
No, in the game, if you look up the trailer when you get a chance and show it, it shows the
Patriots strapping a bomb to a banker and saying, we're tired of you bankers controlling the US.
We Patriots need to take over and they throw the banker out of the window and blow him up. And the
Patriots are the bad guys. Yeah, but I think on that show and a bunch of others that video game,
there's a bunch of them, because I've seen the clips where the Patriots are the terrorist,
but also get put in the camp. And then you torture the militia man as a US Army person
to save the children. Yeah, I haven't seen all that, but also with the movie Hunger Games.
To me, that's a movie that's just showing where they want the US to go.
No, that's actually in the UN Biological Diversity Assessment 1996, the full one. I have
screenshots of my film Road to Tyranny. I had to go to UT to get the actual document,
the full document, not just the boil down. And it said, we wanna bring in world government
and reestablish gladiatorial games and human sacrifice to reduce world population.
And also you were talking about internment, resettlement. Well, I go to the website and
type it in, and guess what comes up? Goarmy.com, career and jobs, internment, resettlement,
specialist. And in it, it shows how to process your social security number, how to break the
families up, and how to put, it says people that are politically a problem, how to quote,
reeducate them. Well, if I may read, the job duties are supervision of confinement and
detention operations, internal security to facilities. And this one kinda blew my mind.
Counseling guidance to individual prisoners within a rehabilitation program, nice.
Yes, sir, I hear you. All right, well, thank you, Alex.
We're gonna go back to more of your phone calls here. We're just doing our best to get people
thinking, to get people understanding what's happening and what's going on in our society.
And today we played earlier in the show three different clips that Darren McBrain
put together. We played those a lot for people on air that show all the martial law stuff going on.
One of them is called home searches. Yeah, there you go. And for TV viewers and people pointing
guns at you and people being drug out of their houses and drugsreport.com is linked to these
videos and articles right now. And this physically gets to me because I know this is real.
I know this is happening. This isn't about entertainment, it's not about a show.
They use the Muslim threat that they manufactured as the pretext to set up a police state that's
always been aimed at us. And it's all about a bunch of guys playing soldier. They're the new
superclass. We're the general public scum, government is God. They get the red carpet,
they're the movie stars. We're gonna go to break and come back with Julie, Marty,
Chris, and Jim. That'll be it for calls until the nightly news, 7 o'clock central.
Cuz I wanna hit a bunch of news I haven't gotten to yet. But hey, don't forget this is all going
on here at Huffington Post celebrating on Sunday, California gun confiscation bill passes. This is
not an Alex Jones article, they're very proud of it. Approves 24 million to ask about illegal
gun seizure. And it says if you've ever visited a psychologist period, you'll have your guns taken,
you're being declared mentally ill. And many different semi-autos or illegal periods, you'll
be getting SWAT team rated to scare everybody else and turning them in, SB140. And that's just
the beginning of the funding. They do not obtain search warrants. It actually says that, they're
very proud of that in the article right here. It actually says do not obtain search warrants.
There's no more warrants, fourth of them it's gone for that as well. And it's just all the
new freedoms. So I hope you all enjoy that, they're the model. But no one wants your guns
though. And this is not an assault, don't run, we are your friends in the Tet Offensive, you know.
We're on the march, the empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
In the last two years alone, the US has seen huge losses to our food supply. In 2011, storms and
floods raged across the US, costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone. In 2012, we saw the largest
drought in the country in more than 50 years. You may think out of sight, out of mind, and so you
don't think you will be affected. The fact is you are, we all are. Food shortages drive prices up
for everyone. You might not be able to control mother nature, but you can control your food
prices by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply with eFoods Direct. Be prepared
before you need it. With nutrient dense food you can store for up to 25 years. You can hope for the
best, but hope won't feed you. Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best durable foods
out there from eFoods Direct. Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at eFoodsDirect.com
forward slash Alex and check out their spring specials. Again, that number is 800-409-5633
or on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex. You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system,
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out Simply Safe.
It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to GetSimplySafe.com.
Simply Safe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power, so even if the grid
goes down, you are protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed. GetSimplySafe.com. Simply Safe is also ridiculously
easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but Simply Safe will stand guard, protecting your property 24 hours a
day, seven days a week. Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com. Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in
one system, portable, on the go. No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium
fluoride. You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic
acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one filter element.
It is the only one that does it, and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo
code WATER. This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides,
chloramines, ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with the
new Pro One filters today at Infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139. Hi, I'm Janet Napolitano,
Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security. Homeland Security begins with hometown security.
It seems apparent that our citizens are staying off the streets, which may make scarring
particularly difficult, even with this year's rule changes. To recap those revisions, women
are still worth 10 points more than men in all age brackets, but teenagers now rack up 40 points
and toddlers under 12 now rate a big 70 points. The big score, anyone, any sex over 75 years old
has been up to 100 points. As always, how fast you move determines how long you live.
Resistance to tyrants is obedience to God. It's Alex Jones.
All right, I don't want to spend all day on the film oblivion that I saw last night because I got
a bunch of news to get to in your calls and I pretty much did the review in the first hour
because I always talk about something coming up and then just do it right there on the spot
because all the data is right there. I'm not really a Tom Cruise fan and I know about him
behind the scenes telling old friends and stuff, I won't be your friend anymore unless you join
Scientology. But that separately, the directors and the writers who wrote it together, Joseph
Kaczynski and Arvid Nelson, most of the reviews out there, in fact, I printed off some of them
right here, come out and say that oblivion occupies an awkward no man's land between
escapist space adventure and heavy science fiction. But it's either thrilling enough
nor intellectually stimulating enough to satisfy devotees of either, that's NPR.
Coming from the Black Pyramid, that's what I expected to say. New York Post,
oblivion is one of those movies in which the main source of interest is simply in figuring
out what's actually going on, though when you do your reaction is bound to be a shrug.
It's pleasantly complicated, head spinning plot based on the director Joseph
Kaczynski's graphic novel is asking a little too much. Was Cruise trying to beat out fellow
Scientologist John Travolta for the honor of starring in the dumbest sci-fi epic ever?
I mean, folks, almost all the reviews are incredibly negative concerning oblivion.
And what I'm gonna do is cuz I recorded a bunch of points last night this morning that I wanted
to write down and only got to like one of the sheets. And we're just running out of time here,
I got too much important news to cover. This movie just absolutely, and I don't just say this,
I mean, I study what the globalists write and say to the point of just not even knowing what
to do anymore. I mean, their open criminal operation against us is so diabolical,
so public, so disgusting, so crazy. We're living in a science fiction movie.
And what do you think devil worshipers would do with a bunch of high technology?
They try to exterminate the majority of the public, merge with machines to become gods,
that's it. And that's the reason you see this in so many science fiction films and so many things
is that is what they're into, that's what they believe.
But usually it's done from a two sided position like The Matrix and the Wachowski brothers.
This film and the two gentlemen that wrote it, that have only been in Hollywood about six,
seven years, have done a lot of really impressive work. It's their graphic talent that brought them
to the point of being able to put out their first major film. And it's a tour de force,
it is a anti Illuminati tour de force. And people just do not get the archetypes.
I mean, I remember when episode three came out Revenge of the Sith, which again,
those are cheesy movies for children. I'm more a fan of the cheesy dialogue,
kind of like I'm a fan of Airplane. It's not like I'm saying it's some great thing. It's just
the archetypes that are important though, even in something like Airplane.
From a comedy perspective, the archetypes in episode three are the best of all the films.
This senator has become the head of the Senate by staging terror attacks on himself.
And then he uses the police state to wipe out the Jedi and in the republic.
And then I saw the film and couldn't believe it. And then Lucas came out and talked about it and
said, this is what's really going on with 9-11, obviously a 9-11 truther. You say what you want
about Lucas, he's a big fan of THX 1138. Well, he made THX 1138. That's kind of a remake adaptation
of Brave New World, which is actually a real transhumanist globalist plan. 1932, Aldous Huxley,
carried out by the main head of the World Eugenics Society.
Julian Huxley, his brother, to later be the head of the United Nations UNESCO program,
which is the real head of the UN. That's the Eugenics Department for World Standardization
for 10-21 projects. So exhausting to know. I mean, it's like I start talking about this
and thousands of data points open up as the frustration. So they believe that they're
gonna become God men. They believe they're setting all this up and they're following
1850, 1850s is when this was hatched, so 160 plus years.
They are following a program hatched by Galton, spun off from Malthus, Sir Malthus,
and picked up then kind of in the age of science fiction, projecting with a Fabian socialist,
what could be possible. And then what man imagines, man can later build,
and they've come to the consensus, as so many of their writers have talked about.
I talk about why the future doesn't need us a lot. In Wired Magazine, April 2000, Bill Joy,
talked about it hundreds of times, cuz you can go read that. He goes to a globalist conference,
there's 200 top tech people there. They have a discussion, do we kill everybody?
That's better for the Earth, or do we let people just play video games all day?
And become fat blobs like Wall-E, where it's a computerized system taking care of people that
can't even walk. And that's where it's going. No, they're not gonna put you in the trance state,
so you can drink pina coladas on the deck of a star cruiser. They're already killing us,
the decision has been made. And they're going towards a hotter program.
And by a hotter program, a faster program. And I know I just keep an emergency beacon going,
emergency, emergency, emergency. To the point of I just can't be around people
who don't take this serious anymore. And you know what, I can become
really aggressive too and everything, because I'm in combat, ladies and gentlemen.
I know I'm right. And it is so exhausting to care about humanity, to care about you and your family,
to care about you and your children, because I just want survival. I mean, I'm right about this.
And you have to make the decision to research it so you know what's going on. Everyone I know,
all over the country, has been sick for a year.
I have seen more sickness in people I know and people in town, everyone they know,
in the last eight months. And there's numbers out, I've got numbers out.
The deaths, the obesity, the sickness, the allergies, they're killing us.
Exactly what you see, first generation rodents fed one GMO crop. Every GMO crop does this,
it's cross species, or well, they're all cross species that produce their own poison.
I mean, let me explain something. If bees can't eat the pollen off a corn plant,
cuz it kills them cuz it grows its own pesticide, but you're supposed to be able to eat that.
I mean, most of our livers are the size of baby stingrays right now. I mean, we are under mega
attack, ladies and gentlemen, and I am just a desperate, primitive human. And by primitive,
that's more advanced than what we are now. I'm just a primitive person with life force
directives that is just sitting here going, my God, they're openly admitting this whole program.
And then I see something like oblivion that, I mean, just every 30 seconds
was a different archetype message, and it was all positive. And it was about
rebirth and regeneration and the children, but also in the genetics there being memories,
which has been proven. And the cold blooded psychopath system versus love, and the soul,
and how compartmentalization is used to control everybody.
And it is just beyond insane. And I just feel an overriding responsibility to try to stop this. I
mean, I can hardly be around my children because they're so innocent, they're so good. And it
doesn't even make me angry when I think about the New World Order now, it is so evil. And most of
the people that are part of it are just ego maniacs on power trips. And I think about how
the technocrats have done this through compartmentalization, through testing, and they're
able to see what people do in local departments that then promote them to state and then federal,
then international. And when you get to the top of the pyramid, they just write books about us
talking about how we're animals they're gonna kill. And then I even talk to yuppies and they
go, yeah, we are dumb, ugly animals. Humanity's ugly and dumb and we need to die. And I said,
but if I right now tried to kill you, you would fight for your life and call the police.
And they don't even know what to say. They're like, I say this to people, are you threatening
me? And I go, don't be an intellectual dimwit. You're supposed to be this big, smart liberal
who's really an authoritarian. You just said we all need to die, but you're gonna fight if I
attack you, right? Well, of course I am. And I go, well, then why have you bought into something?
You don't just say you're part of this and then not really be part of it.
Plus you're not part of it. I mean, how many times,
how many different ways do I have to say this to you?
I mean, the globalist are opening the borders up to the entire collapsed world that they have
collapsed with their policies. Bringing in people with no history of freedom to say you get your
freedom by bringing down the Second Amendment. That is taught now as a sacrament to Latin
Americans coming in, that you're gonna have your victory over the gringos when you get their guns.
When it should be, hey, if you wanna come to America, that's one thing.
The government isn't your friend, you deserve guns, you deserve freedom. But they're tying
their rebellion and their liberty to taking everybody's guns and America being like Mexico
or Nigeria. Just like they're tying USA, USA, America to having your hands up at your house
and being treated like a slave and having the cops slam your wife up against the wall.
Just so they could exercise power and basically plant the flag on Boston.
You see, the new civil right is giving up all your liberties. The new civil right is being a slave.
People can be taught to love their servitude, as Aldous Huxley said in 1962 at Berkeley.
And they have been, and it's just disgusting. You're taught to be a totally domesticated
jellyfish who can't even play with a water gun or your dad has his guns taken.
When there's not even a law, they just do it, that's called martial law.
But then the police can come around and come to your door and you open it,
and they point guns at you and shove you up against the wall when you're a black guy
or you're a blonde guy. I watched countless videos of somebody go out to their car to get something
and the cops would run up and shove them up against the deal. And the guy would go like,
hey, obviously look nothing like the suspect and the cop would slam their head into the car.
It's just a police riot. People driving around who've always wanted to beat everybody up.
Now they can come into everybody's neighborhood and do it. Mentally ill people,
mentally ill, mentally ill. They never get tired of dominating people. They never get tired of
bullying people. They never get tired. They never get tired. They never get tired.
And that's what this is all about. It's about turning loose every nobody and giving them
government power to make us their slaves. And again, I'll add the proviso, not all police are
bad. No, but in areas where they've got control, they can get away with anything and they are
getting away. And then Bloomberg, an obvious craven scumbag running around saying we gotta
get rid of the Constitution to keep you safe. The Constitution is what has produced
any bit of liberty we have where a man just can't be disappeared cuz the emperor says take him away.
Now let's go to this clip of Janet Napolitano being asked by Senator Ted Cruz. I gotta say,
Ted Cruz was even ready to come on this show when he was running for Senate and I
didn't like some of the things he did in state government. So even though I hated the guy who
was running against, I didn't have him on. We interviewed him at the Capitol, so it was on the
nightly news. But I tell you, I'm as impressed with what he's been doing as I've been with
Rand Paul. I mean, I just trust trying to get Ted Cruz on. He's probably too good for us now.
I'm joking as people say, I'm on the radical show. I was trying to get Rand Paul back. I know
what Rand Paul's on. I think what Rand Paul's on Thursday. But I'm really impressed with Ted Cruz.
And let's go ahead and see if Janet's read the 800 page bill. Here it is.
My office received the text of this bill at 2 25 a.m. on Wednesday, April 17th, five days ago.
The bill is eight hundred and forty four pages long. It is dealing with a very complicated
topic. And my first question is, when did did did your office receive a copy of the bill as filed?
About three o'clock in the morning. I think that's about right. In the five days since then,
when you have obviously been heavily focused on matters such as the the bill that you're
currently focused on matters such as the Boston bombing and quite properly focused on on matters
such as that. Have you had the time to read all eight hundred and forty four pages of the bill?
Actually, I have read the bill. I know many sections of the bill fairly well. So I was able
to skim those sections, but I have been able to review the bill. Yes, sir.
Well, OK. And then that has been a busy weekend for you.
Total bull. Yes, sir. Very busy. Oh, yes. That was a busy with the stuff that goes on at your
house. I bet. Oh, we know what happens to the man at your office. I mean, what a monster.
Total witchy poo lies. Yeah, and that bill's three hundred something with hundreds of pages
of supplementals. We have to go read the code. It's the SOPA that was eight hundred plus that
people had a couple hours to read. Oh, yes, sir. I did read that. Thank you, Mr. Napolitano. Thank
you for the. I'm not making fun of women that look like men. It's just that why do all the
women in the federal government need to look like women that look like men? I mean, is it like maybe
she's an alien, maybe Janet Reno and her like an alien spacecraft came to Earth, kidnapped some
people, you know, with the teleporter beams and then just kind of made two or three models.
And maybe it's like Mars attack, but it's not like a hot blonde that comes to the White House.
You unzip, you know, the green alien puts on like an outfit and it's kind of like two or three
sizes. And it's a woman with a deep voice, with a short haircut, with a white splash in it or
something. And and the aliens like to make, you know, men do weird sexual stuff at the White
House. I mean, at the Justice Department. And they make men stay in the toilet and scream at them and
yell at them all day and run around on power trips while taking copious amounts of testosterone.
They might as well be an alien. I mean, I don't know. You can't get in the federal government
now unless you look and act like Janet Napolitano. I mean, I want to know. Yes, I did read that.
I mean, you know what? I think she's an imposter. I say the head of Homeland Security
is from Planet Poptart and that it came here in the Tet. I'll be right back. Stay with us.
Your call's coming up and more news straight ahead in fullwars.com, prisonplanet.tv. This is
reality based radio. Amino acids are the building blocks of proteins. Amino acids have to be
delivered to your body in the shape that nature gave them. If they are to be used to create new
proteins in your body, just like a bricklayer cannot use bent or twisted bricks to build a
brick wall. So, too, your body cannot use bent or twisted amino acids to build new proteins.
Giving your body an undamaged amino acid food can make a huge difference in your health.
One World Whey is an undamaged amino acid food unlike any other. You see, heating bends and
twists amino acids and all whey protein powders we've investigated and most proteins you consume
are heated. With our true cool process, you now have a choice with One World Whey.
My name is Daniel. I'm 34 years old. When I started using One World Whey, I weighed 228 pounds.
Now, after two and a half months, I weigh 182 pounds. This is my ideal weight. I've noticed
an increase in stamina, rate of recovery from workouts, and an increase in my potency.
Call 888-988-3325 or visit OneWorldWhey.com.
In the last two years alone, the U.S. has seen huge losses to our food supply.
In 2011, storms and floods raged across the U.S., costing us $20 billion in lost crops alone.
In 2012, we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years.
You may think out of sight, out of mind, and so you don't think you will be affected.
The fact is you are. We all are. Food shortages drive prices up for everyone.
You might not be able to control mother nature, but you can control your food prices
by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply with eFoods Direct.
Be prepared before you need it with nutrient-dense food you can store for up to 25 years.
You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you. Do what I've done and get your own supply
of the best, durable foods out there from eFoods Direct. Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the
web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex and check out their spring specials. Again,
that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
We all know that Berkey water purification systems are the most trusted name in water filtration.
As an authorized Berkey dealer for over six years in serving thousands of satisfied customers,
the Berkey guy offers amazing specials for Berkey water filtration systems.
The Berkey light systems include a set of self-sterilizing and
re-cleanable black purification elements that purify water by removing chlorine,
pathogenic bacteria, cysts and parasites to non-detectable levels and remove harmful chemicals
such as herbicides and pesticides. Order the Berkey light system today complete with two
black Berkey elements for only $231 and the Berkey guy will ship your order free of charge.
With the purchase of a Berkey light, the Berkey guy is also offering a set of fluoride and arsenic
filters for only $39.99. That's over 30% off the retail price. Call the Berkey guy at 1-877-886-3653.
That's 1-877-886-3653 or order online at GoBerkey.com. That's GoBerkey.com today.
You know, my issue is this.
I know staged media events when I see it. I know when they're pushing something. And I mean,
that's obvious. You know it too. And I just know the globalists are a bunch of horrible criminals
that need to be bound down by the Constitution, as the founders said, and I know that all of the
good of this country is bleeding out. And again, it makes me upset. Now other people are like,
oh, take it easy. Well, that's the attitude that slaves have. There are a lot of countries
where people say, hey, take it easy and they're slaves. So if you don't like aggressive men
that get angry about becoming slaves, you don't wanna be an American.
That's what it comes down to. There's breaking news in Infowars.com.
Bunch of breaking news. I said I'd go to calls. Let's go to Clint. No, who's all the longest?
Marty and Mass, you're on the air. Go ahead, listening on XM166.
Hey, Alex. Hey, bro.
Hey, what's up? Keep on the Patriots. And I just heard you briefly said,
I just heard the Congress, their wife, contract to spy on the American people.
And the liberal left maybe do the same thing if she goes on XM168. Have you heard of Randy Rhoads?
She might be doing the same thing, spy on the individual.
Well, I mean, they use computers to do it. There's a bunch of members of Congress
whose wives and husbands, and David Knight listed some the other day in a report,
where companies they head up get, in one case, $10 billion contract.
And then who knows what they'll get out of that? Probably 50 million, 100 million, who knows?
But it's usually those type of numbers. I mean, again, insider trading.
They passed a law saying they could insider trade, so they passed another law saying,
well, if we get a waiver, we can, from their own ethics committee.
And then the head of the ethics committee's wife is involved in this stuff. And then now,
they got another law passed getting rid of that, so they're back to insider trading.
I mean, they do stuff, let's not exaggerate, 5,000 times. I mean, just infinitely bigger
than what Martha Stewart did, and they don't go to jail. That's what I mean. I mean, they're crooks.
They've gotten away with everything. And now, we're wondering why they're getting away with
even more. Because Thomas Jefferson said, the level of tyranny you will live under
is the exact amount you will accept. That's a Thomas Jefferson quote.
And that's exactly true. God bless you, I appreciate your call. Jim in Arkansas,
you're on the air, sir.
Well, they got to the bottom of Fast and Furious in Oklahoma City, bless their little hearts.
When I saw it, I thought, well, we'll get the truth out of that pretty quick.
And then the other thing that's bothered me for quite some time about the-
By the way, I don't know how I do it. I said this guy's a patsy,
mailing the poison, the Ryerson. And I said, watch, they'll arrest two or three more
by the time they're done, and that's now happened. I mean, look, they follow handbooks.
I'm sorry, go ahead. It's scripted.
Yeah, it's all scripted.
The other thing is, I've given all my Constitution booklets away that I got from you. But
doesn't the Constitution allow for the Congress to mark people? Which is,
it takes an act of Congress to designate someone an enemy of the state and to deal with them.
Isn't that included in the Constitution?
Yes, yes.
It's a wonderful document.
Yes, and instead, they've handed that authority over to the bureaucracy,
which they're not allowed to do. You can't do that. Number one, you have to have a
constitutional convention to do that, okay? They can't just pass the law doing that.
It's unconstitutional.
Thank you for listening to GCN.
Visit GCNlive.com today.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth-friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091
for a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice
as good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and you will
love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091
for a free catalog. Coast to Coast, direct from Austin. You're listening to the Alex Jones
Broadcasting Network. Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers?
Well, so does he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas,
Alex Jones. Over the weekend, I shot a video called Black Butterfly's Lie. And people thought
I was smoking marijuana because it was 420. No, I didn't smoke any marijuana. Or they think I'm
drunk. No, I had had nothing to drink, though I think I went inside and had one glass of wine
after this. It's called poetry that came to mind very quickly where we were burning a piece of old
furniture that we found down in the gully that I guess the last owner of my house, little farmhouse
had had. It was a rotten piece of furniture. So we made a little fire out in the backyard
and burned it and some other stuff. As the kids wanted to make a fire outside,
it was real pretty spring day and had just been raining the day before, so it was safe to have
a fire. It's been so dry. And my son found a big piece of cardboard that had blown off the road
over the barbed wire fence into the yard. And he said, can I throw this on? And I said, yeah,
burn it. And it created all these little black pieces that you see go up in the sky,
but they're like butterflies. So I shot a quick iPhone saying, oh,
black butterflies, the government says so. And then I cut to the fact that it's really
shut out of the fire. And people are in there not even understanding what I'm saying.
Some do. And it's such a pure, easy to understand allegory or analogy. I mean, come on.
And some people don't get, I mean, that really makes me wonder sometimes. People don't get a
video I shot last night driving home at about seven. Well, I was driving to meet my dad to
watch Oblivion called Who Says the Stars Only Come Out at Night? And I shot that on my iPhone
because it was so yellow. The camera didn't pick it up, made it more blue. The whole sky
was yellow and orange. And it looked just really space agey. So I shot a video of it
just cuz I think stuff's really cool and pretty. And people don't get what that means.
I mean, I just like what is going on out there?
I mean, I just don't understand anymore. Cuz again, I don't think of myself as that smart.
And I mean, I'm like light years ahead of the general public. And I think it's up to us that
know how things really work to a certain extent to help the cynical, arrogant, dumb people.
The other thing is how arrogant, dumb idiots are. I was about to say dumbasses, but I guess I did.
Let's take another call. Christian, Virginia, you're on the air. Go ahead.
Hi, how are you? I'm all right, brother. How are you doing?
I'm not doing too bad. Hey, I just wanted to ask you if you had gotten a chance to look at
the inconsistencies between the Cambridge report that was posted on the Wall Street Journal and
then the FBI indictment in terms of the carjacking? I mean, there's a ton of inconsistencies and
weirdness and things. I mean, the whole story is just a disaster zone and clearly is some type of
staged event. With these guys working for intelligence and having aliases and definitely
the older brother. I mean, he was definitely McVade or Lee Harvey Oswald. We don't know all
the particulars. We just know the pre-build up, the way they handled it after. This was a scripted
event. They bare minimum knew and let it happen. Bare minimum.
Absolutely. And the Cambridge report actually states that the younger brother, the two brothers
were together in a Honda Civic and one of them approached the door to the Mercedes and tapped
on the window. The FBI report says that only one brother went into the Mercedes and then picked up
the second brother, drove across town to pick up the second brother.
Well, listen, here's the deal. A lot of times they don't know what happened right away. So
that's one reason stories get changed. But they say we're gonna burn Dorner down, then they do it
and say, we didn't mean that. This is congenital lying. I mean, the Delta Force killed the Branch
Davidians under orders. They protested it, but followed orders they shouldn't have.
And that even came out in Congress. The average person doesn't even know that
because they're so dumbed down. The people perish for lack of knowledge.
And bottom line, get back to the Bill of Rights Constitution, due process,
checks and balances, and then they can't overrun us. Cut government, cut taxes,
kick globalist out, abolish the Federal Reserve. There are the solutions. Great call. God bless
you, Chris. All right, I gotta go. For Clint, Bill and Robert, I apologize to you.
And I'm always frustrated with myself because I wanna get to all this news.
I get overheated, I start ranting and raving. And then by the nighttime show,
I get a little bit more focused when I'm burned out. But thanks for putting up with me. Nightly
news tonight, 7 o'clock Central, prisonplanet.tv. Be sure and be there, 7 o'clock Central.
