Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Well, I will assure you, my friends, this is going to be a Tuesday edition of the
worldwide broadcast on this 26th day of March 2013 that you will not want to miss. A couple
days ago, Jim Carrey, the comedian and Hollywood star, he's a star and you're not. He's got
bodyguards and you don't. And so does Michael Moore, but that's okay. He put out a video
that only broke in the press yesterday. That's when I saw it and when I noticed it was in
a lot of newspapers, lauding him in a very, very nasty piece demonizing a dead man, Charlton
Heston. And in the attitude of this, we see the same attitude of Dianne Feinstein and
Al Gore and all the other anti-gunners like Michael Moore.
In it, we see the incredible nastiness where they say it's his fault people die, period,
and that he's not going to heaven and that he's basically a murderer. I have the text
of it right here. We're not going to play it. It's got profanity in it, but the video
is up on infowars.com. But what's bad is I've never been a huge Jim Carrey fan, but he has
had some decent roles and I'm getting to where I can't hardly go see movies and I won't watch
movies that have people in them that it's not that they disagree with me.
If somebody was really fooled and said, hey, I don't think the citizens should have guns
like Jim Hightower, who was in studio with me last week on The Nightly News, we're going
to play a clip of that today, former Texas agriculture commissioner and kind of an organic
activist who I respect on that front. He calmly explained why he doesn't think we need semi-autos
and then had to admit the government's arming to the teeth, so why should we give our guns
up?
I mean, he had a real discussion with me. But when you start making fun of people that
were amazing human beings like Charlton Heston, I got a chance to interview Charlton Heston
a couple times. I mentioned it a few years ago, people didn't believe it, so we could
barely find one of the interviews. One of them is lost. There's a one 8-bit horrible
Internet recording that's now been put up to YouTube.
And I can't find another interview I did with him. And he gave me his home phone number
after I had him on the first time and said, if you ever need to talk strategy about the
Second Amendment liberty, you can call me. And I said, I can call you? And he goes, yeah,
I'm a regular guy. And I called up and I didn't call him for about a year.
It was just weird having Charlton Heston's phone number. I don't call really any of the
famous people I know for whatever reason. I just, they've got their life, I've got mine.
And I called a few times, he didn't answer. I called back one day, he answered, hi, this
is Chuck. And I was sitting there talking. I've had Ted Nugent's cell phone number for
a while, never called it. I called it this morning, driving into work about an hour ago.
And he goes, what are you calling about what Kerry said about Heston? And I'm all over
it.
And I've never heard him so focused and so angry, focused anger. And he said, you bet
I'm coming on your show. I gotta do Dennis Miller, and he's doing it right now. And then
he's gonna come on at noon. And he said, listen, this is another miscalculation. His nastiness
is gonna backfire on them just like Piers Morgan. And of course, he agrees that the
Piers Morgan thing was a death star exploding level event for the globalist.
And I'm not just patting myself on the back. I didn't realize it till a few days after
just how effective it was. I'm my own biggest critic and I was like, I think it was good
to get in his face. They tried to spin it so neocons would say, this is terrible. Standing
up and getting aggressive is the wrong way to go. Why, it's almost like Paul Revere who
rode around screaming in the night saying, kill people. I'm just yelling at somebody
a little bit and saying, how dare you try to disarm us?
How dare I talk like that? I mean, imagine that's not even one tenth as bad as that criminal
Paul Revere. So it totally backfired on them. But we're gonna go over this and we're gonna
go over all the geopolitical news, economic news. It's all crazy, but the tyranny is on,
folks. And if they can get our guns, they're going to get everything. But we're gonna be
breaking this down today and more and your phone calls stay with us Ted Nugent coming
up.
Introducing pro wine all of your filtration in one system portable on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing technology combined
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your pro pure with
a new pro one filters today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139. Tyranny is here.
The grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality. It really says that the state is
God. The United States is now recognized globally as one of the most impressive police states
on earth. This film conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps
now being expanded nationwide. This documentary exposes how the continuity of government program
has established an all powerful shadow state. Police state for chronicles the sickening
depth to which our republic has fallen. Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency
dictatorship, body scammers, sound cameras, citizen spies, stage terror and cameras on
every street corner. It's only the beginning of the New World Order's hellish plan. The
police state isn't coming. It's here. Secure your copy today at info wars.com or see it
online in the highest quality at prisonplanet.tv. If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms
are being threatened every day. If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting
better. You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing. Now is the time to get prepared. For years
we've told you about our friends at e Foods Direct. They have the best tasting long term
storable food on the planet. This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it
does tonight. A long term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability
of the one thing you need most. Be prepared and get your supply from e Foods Direct. Right
now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on
all food supplies. Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633
or visit efoods direct.com slash Alex. Get free shipping on all orders for a limited
time. Call 800-409-5633 or go to efoods direct.com slash Alex. You can bet your life on e Foods
Direct. Crashing through the lies and disinformation. It's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network.
Make no mistake, my friends, the battle for human liberty is taking place right now. And
the heart of that fight is here in the United States because the United States will either
be an engine for the globalists to loot and pillage the world, or it will once again become
an engine of innovation and liberty.
And that shining fortress on the hill. Ladies and gentlemen, something snapped in me last
night when I saw a video that came out a few days ago, but only got attention in the news
yesterday by the somewhat washed up Canadian anti individualist Jim Carrey. I saw a video
of him celebrating Charlton Heston's death and defaming him, defaming a dead man who
I personally had a chance to interview several times and who I had a chance to talk to off
air once. And I've never told that story because that was private.
I will talk a little bit about it today. And I had a chance to talk to Ted Nugent this
morning who you could tell was very upset because he was very close friends with Charlton
Heston. When you see people that are clearly authoritarians dancing on Patriots graves,
it's disgusting. Charlton Heston as he got older became even more of a gentleman and
more of a real person.
I don't even admire him for his great acting ability and all of his wonderful films that
I've enjoyed throughout my life, like Ben Hur, the Ten Commandments. The list is just
countless the films he did with great directors like Orson Welles, Soylent Green. I admired
him because I, working in talk radio and fighting for the Second Amendment, got to know a lot
of people that really knew Charlton Heston well.
And he was really a super down to earth, super manly, classy guy in amongst a bunch of spoiled,
rotten, lazy, pampered Hollywood people. And the fact that I had his home phone number
and he said, if you ever want to talk about strategy or anything happening, give me a
call.
So about a year after I had his number and he'd been on a few times, I called him a few
times and he didn't answer because nobody answered. It was just an office phone. And
one day he said, well, if I can ever pick up, I will. And he picked up the phone and
I talked to him, I don't know, 20, 30 minutes.
And I didn't even tell my wife about it. And he talked about one of my films he'd seen
and about how it was up to younger people like myself to carry on the fight. And the
point was he was really taking time out to give me energy. He really cared. He sat there
talking to more than 50 people most weeks, working hard.
And I know it made his wife so angry, that's come out in the press, that he really had
an instinct. And you watch his eyes in that famous NRA speech. We all see hindsight's
20, 20. Heston obviously made mistakes in political endorsements and things, but he
was a trailblazer.
He was somebody who marched with Martin Luther King when it wasn't popular. He was somebody
that went and was part of civil rights sit-ins in Oklahoma and Alabama, when people were
getting killed. He didn't come to the whole thing late. As Mark Twain said in the beginning,
a patriot is a scarce man hated and feared and scorned.
But in time when his cause succeeds, the timid join him, because then it costs nothing to
be a patriot. And then it was like a year or two after I talked to him, cuz I had his
number, I didn't wanna bug him. I didn't wanna bother him. Then his wife rolls him out, obviously
on medication to say, well, I probably went a little too far sometime and then you never
saw him again.
They put him on 20, 20. And I knew people that have talked to him right up to the time
that he just suddenly, clearly on medication, didn't know who he was. Kinda like they did
to Ronald Reagan, shut him up. And to just know that this was a guy who, from the time
that he was a young man in Illinois and then living in Michigan in places, hunted and fished,
and was somebody who really loved freedom.
And was a civil rights activist, not just for the Second Amendment, but for free speech.
I heard him once on a local ad endorsing a state rep who was, what was his name, Green,
who was fighting for vitamin and mineral rights. And then I heard Heston later on the radio
locally defending supplements. I mean, he just defended freedom. And then to watch some
sack of pus like Jim Carrey gleefully trash him up one side and down the other.
It didn't get to me and hurt me in the way they thought, how low they were, how pathetic
and how weak they were. And to watch all the bad actors running around and the, quote,
cute girls. And then they laugh at Heston at the end and say, it's your fault all the
kids died. And you're not going to heaven cuz you're a gun owner.
And then they all laugh at him thinking that people watching that collectively, people
watching that collectively, are supposed to then feel bad about guns and be ashamed. And
it was so shoddy and you know what made me feel bad? Because Jim Carrey is such a bad
actor making a few funny faces that they're so weak and Hollywood's so weak and the globalists
really are weak.
And so what does it say about us that we let them dominate us and we let them control us
and we let them sit there and walk all over somebody? Let me tell you something, I've
got stacks of interview requests in there every day and I can't physically do them.
Okay, I am 39 years old and have a lot of stamina, ladies and gentlemen. And it is torture
sometimes in the nightly news, but I'm so angry at the tyrants, I roll up and do it.
I was up here till like 730 last night shooting the special reports we're gonna air this week.
My shoulder was aching from an old football injury and I had a headache and I hadn't eaten
and but I still just willed it.
And I'm not saying I'm tough, 39 years old folks having to fight, having to fight to
get the info out and feeling guilty every night when I drive home that I haven't done
enough to defend my family and I'm weak and I'm dominated by scum. And that's exactly
how Charlton Heston felt, almost 80 years old, ladies and gentlemen.
On the phone and on airplanes and giving speeches everywhere to defend freedom because he had
that instinct and I hadn't seen his NRA speech in years. And I watched that last night and
I got tears in my eyes when he talks about how it's the patriot that smells the tyranny
and rises up against it and what all of our ancestors did to stand up against evil.
To have flocks of anti-liberty foreigners from countries that are subjects to the Queen
of England that we fought against, Canadians and Brits and others who are great people
on average, but their political instincts are that of slaves. They were raised under
it. To come here and lecture us and to tell our dead hero that he's a piece of crap that
didn't go into heaven and that the dead kids are his fault.
I take that very, very, very personal. They'll love to make fun of me when I'm dead or you're
dead. These people have set up reeducation centers. It says that in the army manual.
These people have plans to take our guns. They have plans to use the police against
us and it's time to rise up politically and get super aggressive. I wish I would have
been more aggressive with Piers Morgan.
It's time to realize just how evil these people are. Sure, I'm sure Jim Carrey's obviously
a mentally ill. I've watched film footage of him last night doing some research when
he's just out in public and stuff and doesn't even know he's being filmed. He's obviously
autistic or something. I feel sorry for him, okay? He's just a circus freak.
But the people that rolled him out there, they are our mortal enemies. Folks, they're
not just taking the Second Amendment. They're taking everything right now. They're shutting
down our energy. They're dumbing our kids down. They're shooting us up with deadly vaccines.
They are arming Al-Qaeda. Look at this, Obama, post Assad Syria of Islamist extremism is
a nightmare scenario saying we'll have to invade when they put Al-Qaeda in, arm them,
and then we've got to have troops go die to take it over, to put in some Al-Qaeda light.
I mean, this is insane. This is crazy. There's the London Guardian. I mean, I declare that
I'm gonna live in reality. We have become so accustomed to living under oppression.
We have become so accustomed to all of this. And just to know how anti-individual these
status worshipers are, like Jim Carrey and the rest of them. Cuz you know the globalists
are just hardcore criminals with their own bodyguards and their own guns and they have
a will to dominate.
I get it. I don't like it, but I respect it. And I know that's an enemy who's conscious.
But the throngs of the mindless, gibbering followers that think literally are scared
of defending themselves, scared of being a human, scared of being a mammal. All mammals
protect themselves and fight back. You can grab a field mouse that's in your glove compartment
out in the country.
Sometimes they get in your car and you're trying to get them out nicely and they'll
kick at you and snap at you. And I've had a field mouse bite me trying to get it out
of a farm truck I was working on when I was a kid. I was like 13 years old out driving
a farm truck out to a shredder. The point is, is that field mouse will fight back. I
can't. Are we men? Are we mice? Hell, we're not even mice.
And just what have we become, my sweetest friend? Everything and everyone I love goes
away in the end. And then I've got to sit there and I've got to watch this piece of
garbage squat on top of the grave of Charlton Heston and all of us. They hate him because
he was real. He was honorable. And he got tears in his eyes when he talked about liberty.
And he quoted Thomas Jefferson talking about the farmers, the people of the earth, the
people that live and work. You can't really live and work in the soil and build your own
system and not be pro-gun. Just as you're pro-liberty, just as you're pro-common sense,
we must rediscover common sense, the spirit of common sense. We must pray for redemption.
We must seek God's face and repent. We're going to come back with a desecration of Charlton
Heston.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions
are stockpiling food, gold and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you
for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective
against bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver
has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared, go to SupernaturalSilver.com. Use the promo code prepared for 20% off your
entire order and like us on Facebook.
March into big spring preparedness savings this month at BePrepared.com. Going on now.
Emergency essentials and BePrepared.com save you 28% off your favorite beef and chicken
combo entrees, save 24% on number 10 cans of freeze-dried raspberries, or save 26% on
our freeze-dried strawberry slices with purchase of 12 or more. Katadyn Pocket Micro Water
Filters are 27% off. Try our fruit-flavored HydroPak Combo Water Filtering Pouches. In
March, buy five 10-packs for a 50% discount. Stock up on wheat with a year's supply of
grains for $70 off, only at BePrepared.com. And this month, power up with a Goal Zero
Sherpa 50 Solar Powered Recharging Kit at $110 off MSRP and we'll throw in a free $50
Emergency Essentials gift card. The March sale ends March 31st at BePrepared.com. For
contents and details, call Emergency Essentials at 800-999-1863 or click BePrepared.com. The
choice is clear. Be unprepared or BePrepared.com.
Infidel Body Armor is rated to stop six hits, but what about the seventh? Unlike Cerantic
or Kevlar, Infidel Body Armor is proven to take hit after hit and it just won't quit.
Reasonably priced and designed for the smart civilian prepper, Infidel stops hundreds
of hits from small arms to high-powered rifles. That means safety and peace of mind. Buy yours
at InfidelBodyArmor.com, spelled I-N-F-I-D-E-L, BodyArmor.com. Infidel Body Armor just won't
quit.
Weekend by GMO stressed out about money and blasted by the electric environment.
100% natural formula designed to turn on those switches and provide me with amazing health
and joy. Learn more about RNA drops and order a free sample today. Visit RNAFreeSample.com.
That's RNAFreeSample.com or call toll free 888-577-3703. Pay only shipping and handling
for a free 30-day supply of RNA drops. Get the information you need and the health you
want at RNAFreeSample.com.
And he goes on, that's Jim Carrey saying that the kids are dead because of Charlton
Heston, that the coyotes are killing people in Mexico because of Charlton Heston. I mean
it goes on for like five minutes, just blaming everything in the world on him and saying
he's not going to heaven, that he will basically go to hell. And it's just totally nasty.
And then Carrey put out tweets calling gun owners scum, we're guilty for dead kids. What
about government killing 260 plus million people in the 20th century alone and tens
of millions already this century? I mean you're not upset about government having guns. Do
you actually sit there and call 911 if somebody's trying to break in your gated community? No,
you don't. You have bodyguards. I looked it up. You have firearms, Mr. Carrey. You were
out here blaming us for death when crime rate has dropped 49% since 1991, FBI's own statistics.
Hard numbers, violent crime, violent criminals are scared. And your spirit is with the criminals
and the globalist are the master criminals. And they, when a robber comes into a bank,
they say hands up and they tell the off duty cop, lower your gun, put it on the ground.
And that's the guy they put in handcuffs or tie up. It's the same thing. The globalist
are hands up. They've got guns. They're buying guns. They're buying tanks. They're buying
armored vehicles and they're pointing guns at us saying hands up. Now listen to just
part of Charlton Heston's speech he gave back at the NRA more than a decade ago. This famous
speech where he said from my cold dead hand, but listen to the intro of it, where he talks
about the people that first sense the tyranny and you can see the electricity in his eyes.
Even though he's old, he animates and that's why he was a great actor because it was passion.
It was real. He animates and again, we are then one with Charlton Heston and every other
patriot that came before him right back to George Washington and patriots before them
who did not like tyrants and who had courage.
I mean, if you don't have the basic instinct to want to be free, if you don't have the
basic instinct to know that tyranny is taking over, then you have no future. Look at how
weak we become. Look at how jellyfish and then those of us that are still men, those
of us that are still women, still human, still have an instinct to be self-sufficient.
We are guilty for what your Prozac heads do and your staged events. Let's go to Charlton
Heston from the grave. He lives on. Charlton Heston lives and I know you hate it, tyrants.
Here it is.
When freedom shivers in the cold shadow of true peril, it's always the patriots who first
hear the call. That's why those five words issue an irresistible call to us all. And
we must. So as we set out this year to defeat the divisive forces that would take freedom
away, I want to say those fighting words for everyone within the sound of my voice to hear
and to heed from my cold, dead hands.
When we come back, I'm going to play a larger clip of that. It was a longer speech. Again,
ladies and gentlemen, this system is fundamentally, fundamentally erasing every basic liberty.
It is always the common people that wake up and turn back the tide of total authoritarianism.
But in most countries that hasn't happened. So there's no productivity, there's no liberty,
there's no due process.
So everything crumbles and falls apart because the instinct of tyrants is to finally not
let anyone even produce. Because then that makes you self-sufficient and basically uppity.
We are fighting a total agenda 21 takeover system worldwide. We are fighting abject social
engineering. And we're facing authoritarians that cloak themselves in the rubric of liberal
or humanitarian where they tell you they have the high ground and you're bad unless you
do what they say.
Well, I refuse your mantle of guilt. And again, it doesn't mean we go follow the fake republicanoid
conservative rhinos either. That's how the globalists took over is they have that as
the stand in so that they can make it look like there's a full spectrum of choice.
Carol Quigley wrote about that in his Georgetown writings and in Tragedy and Hope. How they
wanted it to look like there was choice but there wasn't. And when you look at the vitriol,
the hatred, I mean Michael Moore comes out and says evil whites want guns, evil whites
that live in the country and make $60,000 a year.
And that sounds so crazy, but it shows the hatred they have for anybody who's self-sufficient
and how they want to create division. We'll be right back. Stay with us with the full
testing clip.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing
a full selection of silver-based products. Our most popular silver-based products are
the 32-ounce nano silver solutions, our 2-ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well as
our all-natural silver soaps. Just released is our 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver
gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and leave the silver
at the surface. But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing
chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the
silver more effectively. Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver-based
products are best for you. That's www.silverlungs.com.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions
are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you
for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective
against bacteria, viruses, moles, and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver
has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared, go to www.supernaturalsilver.com, use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your
entire order, and like us on Facebook.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms. But if you don't have a home security
system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When
you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out SimpliSafe.
It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to www.getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power, so even if the grid
goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit, or shed. www.getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is
also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to
let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system
with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard,
protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's www.getsimplisafe.com.
Live from Austin, Texas, broadcasting worldwide, it's Alex Jones.
Monday through Friday, 11 a.m. to 2 p.m., we're here. Ted Nugent, good friend of Charlton
Heston, is going to be joining us at the start of the next hour. If they can stick their
hands down our pants at the TSA, if they can take your property without due process, if
they can secretly arrest Americans and disappear us, if they can openly say they're spying
on us and reading all of our bank records.
Remember just six, seven years ago, that was a conspiracy theory. Of course, it came out
they were. If they can throw the gauntlet down and have us accept it, and then openly
have the Southern Poverty Law Center and ADL demonize anyone that talks about the billions
of bullets, the thousands of armored vehicles, hundreds of thousands of new rounds being
bought a week, the militarization of police.
This is the takeover and they're trying to use psych warfare like Tokyo Rose broadcasting
to the Pacific Fleet and Admiral Nimitz saying, you've been defeated, America will be invaded.
Your ships are being sunk. Even as Japan was burning and it had atomic bombs dropped on
it, Tokyo Rose was broadcasting saying America had been defeated.
Just like Baghdad Bob saying, there are no Americans in Iraq, we have kicked them out
of the country. You see jets flying behind him and bombs going off. Well, it's the same
type of propaganda to go, there are no bullets, there are no checkpoints, there is no tyranny,
there is no fast and furious.
We didn't give billions to fake energy companies. We didn't do anything wrong. We wanna get
America moving while they shut down the power plants, while they pass regulations so you
can't have any business here, shipping it all to China. The globalist are authoritarians
who hate Americans so much, their instinct is to hate liberty, that they're moving everything
to authoritarian China, where they have suicide nets, forced abortions, mobile execution vans.
And you will never, you will never hear a Jim Carrey or anybody else criticize the communist
Chinese that have killed more than 100 million of their own people, close to 80 million some
estimates just under Mao's reign, 100 million people, not counting 300 million abortions.
Not counting over 100 million babies killed, they don't even count babies as humans up
to about age one, the government. Notice the Journal of Bioethics has come out and said,
let's kill kids up to age three, now the death panels are admitted, remember those didn't
exist.
These are authoritarians. And the Republican Party went along and helped write Obamacare
because it's written by the same big equity groups that are taking over energy systems
and shutting off their competition. And they're making double the profits this year alone,
they're set to make off of Obamacare, ripping you off and doubling the price and making
you buy it.
Okay, we're in deep trouble and just like Bush could engage in tyranny, and Republicans
wouldn't see any of it because he was their guy, you so called Democrats are absolutely
useful idiots, you are dupes and you are fools. Now, here is another segment of Charlton Heston's
speech, where he is really speaking to the essence of the instinct to recognize tyranny.
And I mean, it's blaring now, I heard it when it was like a 100 piece band down the road,
but you could hear it, hear the beat, hear the words, very, very clear.
You could hear the marching band and the sergeant leading them up two, up two, three, four,
you could hear the whole thing. Now the 100 piece band is in the living room, beating
the drums as loud as they can, you can't hear anything, it's so loud.
And people are saying, if you say you hear a sound of tyranny, it doesn't exist. And
this is what happens by successive approximation, incrementalism and compartmentalization and
learned helplessness and mass Stockholm syndrome and normalcy bias, look all those things up.
And the Stanford research prison experiment test, they are artificially by increments,
people denied things were happening.
They denied things were going on, the media, the authorities, the government said, then
none of that exist. Well, really a black helicopter crash in our town, they blew up a building,
they arrested citizens that videotaped it, it's in my local paper. No, you didn't see
that. Well, yeah, yeah, I have the local paper. No, you didn't. That's national TV. No, you
didn't.
Ron Paul, CNN said, is making up a NAFTA superhighway trans Texas corridor that was in billboards
and signs, cover of Newsweek. But when people turned against it, they came out and said
doesn't exist. I've played the clip where CNN says Ron Paul is insane, this is like
five years ago during that campaign, there is no trans Texas corridor.
Americans were like, the billboards are everywhere, they're building part of it right now from
Mexico up to Austin, it's gonna go all the way to Canada. You told us it was a great
idea, they're like didn't exist. And a lot of the public went okay, it didn't exist.
Because to win is to buy the lie, to win is to be a schmuck, to win is to be a sucker,
to win is to be a fool, to win is to buy into illusion and delusion. Well, no, that's the
illusion. That is not to win, being some cult member where Tholes of Doom says to one of
the cult members up 500 feet on a ledge, come to me, come to me my child, fly, fly.
And then she jumps off and falls and smashes through the floor. That's what you people
are like. And the New World Order saying we come in peace, I am your friend, there is
no tyranny, come to me my child, come to me. I'm like no, you're a snake, like your father,
you're the father of lies. I know what you are, I see you, I understand you. I am crazed
with the animating force of liberty.
You are animated with darkness and I see you, I know what you are. And it's time to get
aggressive in the face of the tyrants. People probably noticed I've gotten more intense
because I have doubled and tripled and quadrupled down. I am trying to go, I didn't breathe
there for about a minute. I am trying to go as hard as I can against these people because
I know the danger.
I am fighting as hard as I can. And as some of it missteps, do I make mistakes? Yes, but
my heart is true. I know I'm right. It was so amazing talking to Ted Nugent today, driving
into work cuz it was even more animated in private. The things he was saying will remain
private. But he was just like, Alex, we know in our gut, in our heart, it's not just history.
It's not just our supporters. We know we're right. We know these people are evil.
And it's like, wow, this is a real guy. Cuz I called him up angry and but focused and
he was just like a laser beam. And I could tell he holds back when he's on air. I'm gonna
tell Ted, really tell him what you stand for. Because it's strong and it's that male strength
and energy that is going to lead by example.
And then the women who are strong are going to see that and follow. The system has sold
the idea of men to act weak, to act passive, act pathetic, like you're some type of lap
dog pet. And that is not even what women really want. The globalists have made the state the
man and the society the woman and we are wedded to the state and wedded to the devil.
Just as the Bible says we become wedded to Christ. He's the bridegroom. Well, we've been
wedded to the state and Hitler said that. The state will be the father. What is Chris
Rock said? Obama is our daddy. I heard Republicans say Bush is our father. They call Uncle Joe
Stalin father. They call Fidel Castro papa. You're not my papa. I'm not a little boy.
I'm a man. Fidel Castro can have guns. Hitler can have guns. Fidel Castro's minions can
have guns, but you can't have guns.
Mao can have a gun. Political power goes out of the barrel of a gun. We're gonna go to
this testing clip in a moment. But you, you, you, you can't have a gun. And a dirty individualist
like an Alex Jones or a Ted Nugent or a Charlton Heston. There's nothing nastier to the collectivist
with their armed guards and Hollywood with all this government CIA funding and their
weapons and their gated communities, gates behind gates.
In Hollywood, you drive into a big gate with armed guards and then there'll be another
gate in a neighborhood to get into another gate. And then there'll be another gate on
that house. And then a security office built off the side of the house. That's how they
all live. And they sit there and say you're a dirty piece of garbage collectively because
you own guns to protect yourself.
I mean, that is a fraud. And here's the deal. They put out plenty of fake polls as of late
saying everybody supports gun control. But Forbes went and paid one of the biggest data
mining companies that openly, with a cookie, spies on everybody. And they published it.
And then other data mining companies came out and said, actually, it's a total explosion
in your face.
You've actually made people more pro-gun. It's over 70% that are pro-gun now. This is
actually backfired. For a few weeks with the emotion, they got maybe a 10% reduction. People
are like, okay, I'll turn in my semi-auto, the weak-minded people. But then that made
us supercharged with the truth in a counter-offensive, which they admitted in the data mining.
It said it's military precision, smart bomb precision that somehow were networked. They
can't understand it with the data mining services. You can read the Forbes and other articles
about it. Cuz not just Forbes, there's full reports on this. What scares them is they
say it's as if we're connected.
We're connected to our gut, to our spirit, to our common sense. And that's when I called
Ted Nugent, he's like, Alex, you can feel it, can't you? He goes, we're connected to
history and honor and the truth. He goes, you can feel it, can't you? Exactly, it's
electricity. Because you think you're not connected to your great-great-great-great-great-great
grandfather or grandmother?
They raised a person, your ancestor, and that person grew in their womb and was conceived
out of that love and that passion in that hot bed with the genetics mixing. And then
you grew in that woman's uterus. And then you came out in the world and people took
care of you and loved you and taught you and set you up on the path.
And had to worry about you when you went off to war and had to worry about you, but set
you out there. It is hand-to-hand a pure chain of electricity, a total connection. You can
reach back, if you're related to George Washington and Thomas Jefferson, and most of you have
no idea who you're related to.
There's an amazing history, everybody has an amazing history. You are reaching back
into tens of thousands of people that you're related to. And all of their experiences and
everything they've done, there is a literal, not just spiritual or psychic connection,
there is a physical transmission. And it's directly an electrochemical, mitochondrial
DNA carried by the women.
And they're now finding genetic structures carried by the men on top of the genetics.
They said that our chromosomes, our DNA is 94, 96% junk, and now they've learned, no,
it's not. There's something else in there. It's the entire electrochemical history transmission
recording. You call that your instinct. And man, you start tying into the race consciousness
will of your ancestors. It is massive, it is mighty, and it is the gift that God has
given us.
And God's spirit of discernment energizes our very DNA. That's why so many scientists
that were atheists are now becoming religious or Christians, because they go, my God, it's
resonating, it's transmitting, it's transcending. And that's what all the biomechanical garbage
of the devil is about, is to jam that and to block that, and to openly sell you tyranny
and evil.
Tie in to your ancestors, tie in to God's will, and you will wanna fight tyranny just
like Charlton Heston did. It's almost 80 years old on the phone doing 40, 50, 60 interviews
a week, sometimes 20 interviews a day. And he wouldn't even be pitching or selling something
most of the time.
He wouldn't even be plugging a website, he would be promoting liberty. Because he cared,
because he was resonating with liberty. Now let's go to the Charlton Heston clip from
the grave he lives on, here it is.
Every time our country stands in the path of danger, an instinct seems to summon her
finest first. Those who truly understand her. When freedom shivers in the cold shadow of
true peril, it's always the patriots who first hear the call. When loss of liberty is looming
as it is now, the siren sounds first in the hearts of freedom's vanguard. The smoke in
the air of our concord bridges and pearl harbors is always smelled first by the farmers who
come from their simple homes to find the fire and fight. Because they know that sacred stuff
resides in that wooden stock and blued steel. Something that gives the most common man the
most uncommon of freedoms. When ordinary hands can possess such an extraordinary instrument,
that symbolizes the full measure of human dignity and liberty. That's why those five
words issue an irresistible call to us all and we must.
So I hope that when my days are spent that I can say that I was an honorable man like
you. So as we set out this year to defeat the divisive forces that would take freedom
away, I want to say those fighting words for everyone within the sound of my voice to hear
and to heed and especially for you, Mr. Gore, from my cold, dead hands.
And again, he was a truly honorable person. You can look back in hindsight and say, well,
Bush was bad, too, but none of us could know how bad. But imagine how bad Al Gore would
have been using a 9-11 to totally take over. But the point is, is that Al Gore was saying
ban the semi-autos, make you turn them in. And Charlton Heston understood how dangerous
that was. But the point is, in that speech, that timeless speech, we really see the hammer
and the chisel that can be used to cut and break our chains and really recognize that
Hollywood isn't a bunch of liberal buffoons. These are globalist psych warfare technicians
who have an agenda.
And I've talked to many Hollywood people. If you're pro-gun, you don't get the roles.
I've talked to major rock stars, and I'm not talking about Billy Corrigan or folks like
Dave Mustaine, who are on record. But I've talked to other major rock stars, in fact,
people that are even currently, you could say, bigger. And they're like, I can't come
on your show. They're giving me too much heat just for linking to your website or talking
about you.
And I've been told that I'm not gonna be booked in the venues or put back on television if
I do this. So I wanna go play the major venues. And they tell people that. They come to them
and they tell them. They tell famous country music singers that. They tell major rock stars
that. They tell Hollywood stars that.
They told Tom Selleck that. You're not gonna get roles, pal, no matter if you're a major
leading man, number one in the 80s. You're done. You're not gonna get financing. You're
not gonna get promoted. You're gonna get zero if you don't play ball. And then you've got
people like Bruckheimer and folks that are totally committed to the New World Order,
Steven Spielberg, others.
And it's just atrocious. And I don't like being a slave of propaganda. I don't like
it. And it made me nauseous to see the patheticness of Jim Carrey and all these people. Folks
are like, well, why do you care? They're just scum. The point is, yeah, why is this scum
ruling us? Okay, they need to be overturned.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day. If you're
listening, you know the economy is not getting better. You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared. For years, we've told you about our friends at eFoods
Direct. They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food on the planet. This food will
taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long-term food supply allows
you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most. Be prepared
and get your supply from eFoods Direct. Right now is the best time to stock up and save
hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give yourself peace of
mind and be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex. Get
free shipping on all orders for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com
slash Alex. You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
Is this the year you finally get serious about your family's drinking water? If so, keep
listening for a special offer from Big Berkey Water Filters. Did you know that over 60%
of municipal water is fluoridated? Berkey water filters distinguish themselves from
many other filtration systems with the capability to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine,
fluoride, arsenic, and disinfection byproducts from municipal water via the Black Berkey
and PF line of filters. Then there's affordability. At only 1.7 cents per gallon, Berkey water
filters purify treated and untreated water, even stagnant pond water. Stop and think how
much money you could save by simply reducing buying bottled water and using water filtered
by your Berkey water filter. No need to be constantly replacing expensive filters with
a Berkey. A single set of filters can last for 5 to 10 years. Choose the best size Berkey
for your needs at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com. And right now, all GCN listeners get 5% off
all ceramic filter systems. Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY. That's 877-99-BER-KEY or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
Free shipping on every order over $50. Big Berkey Water Filters, for the love of clean
water.
American gardeners and fellow patriots, make the right choice with your money, time, and
your family food supply. Choose 100% pure heirloom seeds in the Survival Seed Vault
from MyPatriotSupply.com. Why spend more? The Survival Seed Vault from MyPatriotSupply.com
is only $37.95 and includes 20 varieties of pure, hardy, easy to grow heirloom seeds.
Yes, only $37.95. That's 70% less than our competitors. You could buy 3 Survival Seed
Vaults for less than one of theirs. The Survival Seed Vault from MyPatriotSupply.com includes
detailed planting and seed saving instructions and ships same day. Plus, all orders over
$49 ship free. MyPatriotSupply.com is American owned by patriots like you. Passionate about
freedom and preparedness. Call now, 866-229-0927. That's 866-229-0927 or discover more emergency
preparedness items when you order at MyPatriotSupply.com. Choose the original. Choose the Survival Seed
Vault at MyPatriotSupply.com. All right, Ted Nugent is coming up at the
five after in the second hour to respond to just how they demonize gun owners and blame
us collectively for any type of crime when we actually have lowered crime everywhere
where we proliferated firearms. I mean, it's a no brainer, but we're trying to argue with
them with facts. They're criminals. The globalists know that if free people have guns, they know
that's the basic instinct for us to be armed and that they want to be the ones with the
guns. They fetishize guns. They fetishize state power. I mean, Buzz Bissinger and others
on that show, the guy that admits he spends $600,000 a year on women's clothing and stuff.
I mean, just fine, whatever. Just compulsive maniac. Him and Piers Morgan get up there
and talk about how they fantasize about him wearing a police uniform and killing me. And
then the woman, the ambassador's daughter, Huntsman, goes, ooh, yeah, ooh. And they're
all like, ooh, let's kill.
It's because you haven't ever been in a fistfight. Maybe Piers Morgan has. You've never seen
people die. I bet you don't pull over when you see a car wreck. When somebody's arms
chopped off and blood spraying 14 feet, you people are cowards. You're the people, if
somebody's dying in the ditch, you walk on by. I see it. Or if somebody's choking in
a restaurant, you call 911. You people are cowards, okay?
It's more than that they're just authoritarians. They play at being authoritarians. But behind
them are the real authoritarians that have millions of dead on their hands, the globalists.
The UN is going around worldwide just lining up people and just shooting whole villages.
And it's in the New York Times like it's no big deal. From El Salvador to Honduras to
the Central Africa in the Congo, they're lining people up and shooting them. But you don't
want those guns taken.
Type in Chinese executions, thousands of photos at sports stadiums blowing 12-year-olds' heads
off. For some reason it's like teenagers that misbehave. You shoplifted, boom, your head's
blown off. You talk back to the cops, you're dead. We're gonna harvest your organs. And
they've got them bringing the dead bodies with sheets and blood into mobile execution
vans where they chop their organs up.
You're never gonna hear Jim Carrey talk about that because he's an authoritarian pig worshiper.
He worships evil. The same with all of them, they know what they're doing. Yeah, let's
not for TV viewers, good job throwing it up, but let's not put it on the main TV broadcast
in case people don't wanna look at it.
It's unbelievable, just type in Chinese executions. Type in Chinese suicide nets and you search
deep enough to take the safe search off. You could see shots of like 20, 30 bodies hanging
dead that have bounced off the nets. And I mean, it's unbelievable. I mean, mass suicides,
hell on earth.
Let's not discuss that. China launching drone armies, the globalists moving their command
base there. They have execution parades in China. I mean, it's just incredible. And again,
these aren't of child molesters or murderers. These are of people that, I saw one report
where a Western journalist saw the police beat a guy up and chop his genitals off in
front of everyone.
And everybody watched him bleed to death there on the side of the street. I mean, that's
what the globalists want us to live like, that's their plan. Ted Nugent's coming up.
Don't forget to support the broadcast, support our sponsors. We've got the ProPure water
filters 10% off, best stainless steel filters, blow the competition away. Infowarsstore.com,
shop with the Patriots, shop with the good guys, and support us to expand our operation
in the globalist face. Get subscriptions to Infowars magazine, big glossy magazine. Give
gift subscriptions to wake people up as well. Infowarsstore.com or 888-253-3139. And don't
forget efoodsdirect.com only does this every March. Efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex
is where you find the special. Free shipping on all their deals. That is usually the biggest
part of the storeable foods cost. Free shipping, only do it March 800-409-5633, 800-409-5633
or efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex.
This is GCN, the Genesis Communications Radio Network.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day. If you're
listening, you know the economy is not getting better. You know gas and food prices are sky
rocketing. Now is the time to get prepared. For years we've told you about our friends
at Efoods Direct. They have the best tasting long-term storeable food on the planet. This
food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long-term food supply
allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most. Be prepared
and get your supply from Efoods Direct. Right now is the best time to stock up and save
hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give yourself peace of
mind and be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com slash Alex. Get
free shipping on all orders for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go to efoodsdirect.com
slash Alex. You can bet your life on Efoods Direct. Waging war on corruption, Alex Jones
on the GCN Radio Network. Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers?
Well, so does he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin,
Texas, Alex Jones. Ted Nugent is scheduled to be on with us in the next segment to talk
about the incredible demonization of gun owners and the new poster boy of distasteful, tyrannical
worship of corruption and victim disarmament. The worship of statism and hypocrisy, the
worship of pulling down real men. I'm talking about Jim Carrey, the obvious mentally ill
twit, who put out a video, and I have the text of it here, where they say that Charlton
Heston is responsible for the dead children in America, that he is a vulture and a coyote
and that he will not go to heaven, he will go to hell.
And that he basically pulled the trigger on the children at Sandy Hook. That's basically
what it implies. And they show him as a complete kook who believes that space aliens are gonna
exploit our every weakness and suck our brains out. I mean, it's just not even funny. And
you watch a bunch of bad actors running around acting goofy, and it's not even a good piece.
And I don't want to hate Jim Carrey. I always knew there was something wrong with him. He's
more of a geek.
And people think of a geek as a guy that's into computers. Geeks were people at circuses
that would bite the heads off of pigeons and animals and things. And the obese man, the
bearded lady, that's a geek. It's called geeking. And he's a geek. And I guess we're all a geek
at some level.
I mean, I have trouble maintaining my composure because reality is such a deep, wide spectrum
of thought. But I'm just sick of hypocrites with armed guards and bodyguards and behind
triple gates worth hundreds of millions of dollars, disstaining the common people who
are having every basic liberty stripped away from them at an accelerated rate.
We're having our liberties pulled away from us. And then what did Obama say? He didn't
know he's being recorded to million dollar type donors in San Francisco. He said, we're
gonna get these better cleaners. All they've got is their Bibles and their guns. And they're
federalizing the churches and they're going after the guns because they know they don't
want you having your own beliefs, whether beliefs are right or wrong.
They don't want you having beliefs that aren't theirs. They want you to be a biological android.
They wanna program you. They want you to turn your kids over to them so they can program
them in the public schools. And I for one have had enough of it. I for one am just thinking
of every way I can get aggressive, every way I can show the power of liberty, every way
I can get in the face of the New World Order.
And if that means they set me up and prison me, kill me, whatever it is, that's the way
it is, okay? Because that's not something I look forward to, but it's an honor. I mean,
I am committed. And if everybody was committed, we turn this around very quickly. But people
think groveling and living in denial, they think that that is going to be somehow the
road to victory.
And it's not, it's the road to perdition. And so it's time to commit and to get past
your fear and to become a leader and to stand up against these tyrants and say, we know
you're authoritarians. We know you're criminals. We know you're hypocrites. We know you're
our mortal enemy. There's always been horrible tyrants. There's always been corrupt gangs.
There's always been groups that come in and try to take over.
And now it's happening again. And the globalists are shutting America down as fast as they
can to make you dependent on them. And they can just bring in the global garbage from
countries they've already conquered. But we are aware of that historically and at a gut
level. And we are together in history and this is a challenge. This is a hell of a time
to be alive.
It's not work fighting tyranny. It's not work standing up for Chuck Heston. It is an honor
just as generations after us when we restore liberty will stand up for us when we're being
demonized. As you know, down the road, they'll still be tyrants. They'll still be scum. They'll
be demonizing Ted Nugent, Alex Jones, Ron Paul after we're gone.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben soap company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at five star soap.com or call 800-340-7091
for a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice
as good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at five star soap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions
are stockpiling food, gold and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you
for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective
against bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver
has over 500 different uses and a long term shelf life, making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com. Use the promo code prepared for 20% off your
entire order and like us on Facebook.
A little over a year ago, I began to do a lot of research into why even if I had a pretty
good sized meal, that I was still starving. And my research led me to a well known fact
that most of the soils that we grow our crops on here in the United States and across the
industrialized world are almost completely depleted of almost all of the key minerals
and trace elements that our bodies need to rebuild themselves, fight off cancer and be
healthy. I then searched out the best vitamin and mineral company out there and discovered
Young Jevity. The Young Jevity products are designed to give you the real nutrition you
need. And once you've got that, you don't have to eat as much to be satisfied. I've
lost 37 pounds in two months simply getting the vitamins and minerals I need. Check it
out for yourself. It's incredible. Go to info wars team.com today and order your first canister
of beyond tangy tangerine complete multivitamin mineral complex dietary supplement that's
info wars team.com.
Big Brother mainstream media, government cover ups. You want answers? Well, so does he. He's
Alex Jones on the GCN radio network. And now live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones. It's
been out for a couple of days but didn't get attention until last night. It was in some
of the establishment, uh, prostitute media, the dinosaur media praising Jim Carrey. Hey,
uh, I've seen him in interviews. I mean, I think he genuinely is mentally ill. He's kind
of a geek. That's why it's funny to watch him literally denigrate and in this disgusting
five minute song.
And we're gonna go over some of the lyrics to it here today. And it's got some profanity
so we won't play all of it. Say that gun owners, but the Chuck Heston, Charlton Heston, a true
humanitarian, a true civil rights activist, a patriot that he is guilty for dead kids
that he won't be going to heaven and that he's mentally ill and believes in space aliens.
And it was just so ham fisted and so pathetic. I got angry and I figured it out last night.
I couldn't even go to sleep, folks, and I can go to sleep in like one minute. I can
just turn my brain off. I was so upset. I couldn't go to bed till like two in the morning.
I shot like three videos for the YouTube channel because I realized these people are so pathetic
and such liars and such hypocrites with their bodyguards and so anti individual and so wrong
and so authoritarian that I'm angry that we have not routed them out.
Now I called a very busy individual, but he's obviously very angry about what's happening
as well. I talked to him this morning on a cell phone. Ted Nugent, who needs no introduction,
NRA board member, top rock and roller patriot, Hunter. I called him on a cell phone a couple
hours ago and I said, can you come on about Charlton Heston?
I know you were very good friends with him and really got him to get more hardcore on
the Second Amendment. He said, absolutely. It was Ted Nugent that helped supercharge
Charlton Heston into the fight at many levels. So here is his friend to defend Chuck Charlton
Heston because he can't do it. He's dead. But again, Charlton Heston will live forever
as long as Liberty lives.
And so understand that, ladies and gentlemen, this is a big deal when people literally desecrate
the grave of a man who would do 50 plus interviews a week when he was almost 80 years old and
who would travel the country for nothing, no money to defend the Second Amendment. And
I knew him. I had a chance to talk to him off air. He was the real deal and probably
the classiest person I've ever had the pleasure to get to know a little bit.
And I'll be honest, I don't envy many things. I envy Ted Nugent being such good friends
with him. Ted, you've got the floor, my friend. You've got the floor. Thank you for coming
on TedNugent.com. I know you're about to go on your Black Power tour, but we appreciate
you giving us time today.
Yes, sir. You've got the floor. Well, Alex, thank you for that. I appreciate it. But salute
back at you because there's no question that the great American legend and icon, a true
warrior, a true hero, Charlton Heston, deserves nothing but respect from thinking, caring,
conscientious, educated people.
But again, as we talked before about the gift from God that Piers Morgan represents, I mean,
God literally sent Piers Morgan from England to try to debate the Second Amendment. So
you literally couldn't come up with Alfred E. Newman versus an audition for One Flew
Over the Cuckoo's Nest with a better representative of a guy who hates freedom and hates the Second
Amendment and hates Ted Nugent and Alex Orange and hates the NRA and hates self-defense and
hates guns. And I think we are not here so much to defend Charlton Heston because once
again, God has sent a complete brain-dead, soulless punk to desecrate the absolutely
well-earned and deserved glowing reputation of the great Charlton Heston.
And what Jim Carrey has done, and I've been all over, we have a talk back at TedNugent.com
and we have thousands of people from all around the world that come to celebrate self-evident
truth and common sense. You know, the same communication that you get, Alex, from people
who understand, you know, history, the evidence that brought us to the greatest experience
and the greatest quality of life in America. And when a guy like Jim Carrey pulls off this
kind of mean-spirited, soulless, I think the best word to describe Jim Carrey and Piers
Morgan and guys like, you know, Michael, I'm still looking for personal hygiene more. They're
all one big gaggle of soulless punks. And I would understand, and I understand when
a person is uneducated and ignorant and hates America and hates self-defense and doesn't
believe in self-defense. But then again, if you examine Michael Moore and his armed security
detail, if you examine Jim Carrey and his armed security detail, when you examine Michael
Bloomberg and Governor Cuomo and Nancy, you don't have to read this, you need to sign
it Pelosi, and of course our favorite gun runner, Eric Holder, when you examine the
freedom haters who hate guns and want to do everything on film stating clearly they would
take away all the guns if they could, these people are perfect to represent the other
side because when they open their mouth, yes, we have an unfortunate and a tragic percentage
of Americans who are more like sheep than we the people that support these freedom haters.
When they speak, common sense America, people who have jobs, people who put their heart
and soul into being the best that they can be, people who appreciate the gift of life,
the sacred gift of life, and our moral, intellectual, and spiritual obligation to defend that life
and that the Second Amendment was written down to remind us we have the individual God-given
right to defend that precious gift of life, good people understand the pure rot from Jim
Carey, so in his grave, Alex, let's really examine this, from the grave, the great Charlton
Heston represents hate to the Jim Carries of the world and I think Charlton Heston if
we could communicate with him, he would be smiling right now, he wouldn't be hurt, he
would be smiling because Charlton Heston knew the culture war was coming before any of us
did, Alex.
No, he was there sounding, he was there sounding the alarm and he is just like our forebears
fight from the grave for liberty with their statements and the Second Amendment they laid
down, Charlton Heston is like an El Cid strapped dead on the horse out there terrifying the
enemy.
And here's the beauty, Charlton Heston would be more than proud to cause much anguish and
insanity in the soulless vacuum of Jim Carrey's brain or his skull, Charlton Heston is like
you and I, Alex, only he's better, and he is just giddy with joy that he has inspired
Jim Carrey to become even dumber than dumb and to be just this toxic source of indecency
and mean spirit and hate, Charlton Heston isn't even alive and he caused Jim Carrey
to expose his soullessness.
So don't underestimate in the culture war more important than the lie of holding for
Columbine by Michael no hygiene more and Nancy no soul Pelosi and Diane I've got a gun but
you don't get to have one Feinstein I mean that the list goes on of just hypocritical
brain dead subhuman punks or not to mention Alex the Vice President of the United States
recommending felonies live on TV you got to be kidding me Alex again if you and I were
to sit down with all the greatest minds on earth the most clever educated witty brilliant
minds on earth we couldn't design an enemy that looks more ridiculous than Nancy Pelosi
Diane Feinstein Joe Biden Barack Obama Eric Holder Jim Carrey Michael Moore ad nauseum
so yes it is hurtful and it does inspire righteous indignation and we should be angry but we
should also take a deep breath and go hey Jim do it again because you're distancing
yourself further every time you open your imbecilic mouth surrounded by your arm security
details demanding that the rest of us don't get to have any security so Alex I know it
hurts and it's ugly but you know what I think in the in Nuremberg 1938 we got there late
but when we finally got there we made those subhuman Nazi brown shirt punks walk through
Auschwitz and look what they caused look what they did and this Jim Carrey moment is a mirror
that we can show somebody hopefully soon that these people enhance crime they encourage
crime they facilitate and guarantee more innocent dead citizens sure because they're well that's
it they know Ted Nugent joining us they know crimes drop 49% violent crime FBI statistics
since 1991 as the guns go up the crime goes down they know that so it is a criminal instinct
of hypocrisy to want to dominate us because they're collectivist but end up getting our
banker bailout money they are just lawless parasites Michael Moore all of them they know
exactly Diane Feinstein she's got her own gun she's got her own security detail they
have this this this crowd say a criminal instinct to disarm us absolutely we need any more evidence
than the number one cop in the in the free world running guns to Mexican drug gangs are
you kidding me again we couldn't write a planet of the H meets one flew over the cuckoo's
nest by Alfred E Newman that's dumber than this scenario and they get away with it that's
what you see that's why I got so mad by the video and we're going to break here but I
want your take on this that they are so pathetic that's why it made me so mad it was nauseating
how stupid they are and how ridiculous but then we're we're we're they're they're still
taking over there's these there's these idiots everywhere that think think that's funny well
number one Alex today our job is always get everybody within earshot join the NRA increase
your membership in the NRA and here's the most important one give NRA memberships to
everybody you know there's certainly a birthday a graduation an anniversary some type of celebration
or just somebody that you admire or an anti-gunner that you debate get them a membership in the
NRA stay there and make Ted Nugent president pro team stay there we'll be right back introducing
pro wine all of your filtration in one system portable on the go no more do you have two
or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride you have a system that cuts out the sodium
fluoride and up to ninety five percent of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing
technology combined silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media
for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element it is the only one
that does it and out of the gates we have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water
this is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides herbicides chloramines
ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate get your pro pure with
a new pro one filter today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139 hello this is ty
bowlinger author of the best-selling book cancer step outside the box i want you to
know some very important information in 1985 president ronald reagan requested that carnivora
be sent directly to the white house at a time when only the president could obtain this
world-class healer now 27 years later carnivore capsules are used around the world to keep
people healthy now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in this age of superbugs
with 17 naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal cells only
without harming a single normal cell if you want to stay healthy now's your chance to
literally wake up your critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders that don't belong
in your body call 1-866-VENUSFLY or order from carnivora.com that's c-a-r-n-i-v-o-r-a.com
that's 1-866-836-8735 1-866-VENUSFLY or visit carnivora.com protect your immune system it's
the only one you've got now there's an amazing new natural antibiotic every person must have
it cells alive silver solution and it destroys over 650 hard to kill viruses fungus bacteria
and much more cells alive silver solution has no expiration date is great for emergency kits and
storage shelters and comes in 8 or 16 ounce bottles order today at 888-910-4367 or visit
hempusa.org hempusa.org 100% chemical free super foods and unique health products we the people
grow cotton we fabric engraving embed strips and fibers to protect from counterfeit and carding to
a private bank having a lead back at interest forcing taxes to service debt this capitalism
or was Jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing the public currency is a greater
menace to the liberties of the people than a standing army hi Ted Anderson I'm placing a
free silver dollar in a book that explains our monetary system call for your copy 800-686-2237
it's time to understand the system call 800-686-2237 that's 800-686-2237 devastating events like
earthquakes tornadoes floods hurricanes or the threat of martial law have highlighted the need
for Americans to prepare for emergencies as a result millions are stockpiling food gold and
weapons but how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill supernatural
silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency supernatural silver is a
natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria viruses moles and fungus and
is remarkable for wound care taken internally or use topically it can help keep you safe from deadly
pathogens supernatural silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life
making it the number one choice of preppers across the country to find out how this amazing new
technology can help you be prepared go to supernatural silver comm use the promo code
prepared for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook Monday through Friday from 11 a.m.
until 2 p.m. central we're here live also on xm 166 and over 150 a.m. and fm affiliates I'm Alex
Jones your host the websites are infowars.com and infowarsnews.com where we have infowars
nightly news Ted Nugent.com is an amazing website and there's a lot of just just just really cutting
edge information on it when it comes to the fight for liberty and if we can go back to that phone
conversation this morning Ted again Ted Nugent with us right now to the points you were making
because you were so focused it was really focused anger and you were talking about the fact this is
a war because I mean these collectivists they don't want to just go into the Second Amendment
they want to expunge everything I mean they are literally taking over and the problem is so many
of the Republicans are part of this as well I think everybody who loves liberty needs to get
really aggressive so I think it's a change in our guts and you talked about just knowing we're right
Ted Nugent. Well again you know the term self-evident truth isn't shouted often enough from the mountain tops of our daily lives Alex
again we salute you for doing that and we salute everybody out there again I constantly reference
the curse of apathy the self-inflicted suicide of disconnected sheep in America but again only
the guilty need to feel guilty some guys go well I'm not a sheep I'm involved well then I'm not talking about you pal but we know sheep we all have sheep in our lives we know someone who shrugs their
shoulder and goes yeah I believe in the Second Amendment but there's no reason we should own a machine gun you know what I mean we need to take these people and fix them and get rid of the
self-inflicted curse of apathy because the term self-evident truth what you rail about the
culture war in our face the fact that a Chicago gangster a manipulating acorn communist hanging
out with deceitful scam artist Barack Obama has weaseled his way into the White House if that's
not an indicator that too many Americans are sound asleep then I really don't know what else I can tell
you but we know it to be true but the answers are not mysterious the remedy is not mysterious this
isn't rocket scientist an experiment self-government is in our guts it's in our soul it's the most
powerful instinct to pursue your individual happiness to know that God gave us each an
individual right as outlined succinctly and eloquently for the first time in the history
of mankind in the U.S. Constitution the Bill of Rights the Declaration of Independence
my god we've got to communicate with this to our elected officials and again I'm going to repeat
this till I blow up NRA memberships there aren't enough of them the most powerful sucker punch in
the solar plexus of the Nancy Pelosi and Feinstein's and Michael Moore and Jim Carries of the world
is numbers NRA members exactly exactly just to back you up Bloomberg has now raised 14 million
dollars off the dead kids at Sandy Hook the victim disarmament zone that he helped nationwide set up
so if anybody's guilty it's him he's trying to collectively make us guilty he raised 14 million
dollars to run around and pay off police chiefs and local governments to come out against guns
and we have to take it personal when these people do this we have to give money to the NRA and
gun owners of America and your state gun groups folks you've got to give time energy you've got
to support alternative media platforms libertarian true conservative what about this what about how
homeland security is now buying billions of bullets armored vehicles and saying the number
one terror threat is gun owners conservatives libertarians I mean talk about twilight zone
outer limits we now know that that they are taking over homeland security as another branch
of the military it's become the fifth branch trying to point it at us the curse of apathy
and the political correct scourge of denial you mean what you just mentioned Alex you know I'm
just a guitar player I never went to college I was too busy learning stuff you know what I mean
me too I'm a pragmatist I'm a utilitarian I cut my own lawn I change my own oil I gut my own
deer I butcher my own carcasses I breed my own wife and I play my own music I'm just an
independent I'm a throwback to rugged individualism again I've been clean and sober for 64 years and
if you look at my family if you look at my incredible wife if people want to have the time
of their life I don't know what you do google the main nutrient zumba or or my band my crew my kids
my brothers my sister my friends my my my production to everybody around you are electrically
alive just breathing in life and are successful and dynamic because you're tied in to your
god-given instincts and these collectivists are a bunch of sacks and piles of stinking dog crap
I'm sorry that's what they are and they want to make us like them they're sub-humans I mean
literally they're as evil as evil gets so we can sit here and go so so you're not aware
mr neighbor mr co-worker someone to church and school so you're not aware that the homeland
security the tsa the dean stay there ted nugent ted nugent straight ahead ted nugent.com he's on
fire we're on the march the empire's on the run alex jones and the gcn radio network
introducing pro one all of your filtration in one system portable on the go no more do you have two
or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride you have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride
and up to 95 percent of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing technology combines silver
impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other
heavy metals all in one filter element it is the only one that does it and out of the gates
we have it discounted at 10 off with promo code water this is the only system that in one unit
helps reduce or remove pesticides herbicides chloramines ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic
acid the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexa
fluorosilicate get your pro pure with the new pro one filters today at info war store.com or by
calling 888-253-3139 alex jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers the prognosis
for the entire planetary economic system runs from bad to worse the globalist model is to shut
down societies and starve patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover that's why we've
assembled the most vital and important preparedness items at infowarsshop.com these are items that i
did research on that i personally use we've got the life straw so you can turn fetid water into
safe water anywhere you go the ktor hand crank generator to charge up key equipment during power
outages or out in the field strategic relocation third edition by joel scowzen when disaster strikes
by matthew stein therosafe used by homeland security to protect yourself during any
radiological event hand crank shortwave amfm radios everything that we've researched and
found to be the best is available at infowarshop.com and your purchase makes
our info war possible we're getting prepared are you infowarsshop.com
if you want an american company with american products made by americans here is the cal ben
soap company alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years these all-natural
soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth friendly and safe
see them on the web at fivestarsoap.com or call 800 340 7091 for a free catalog buy the one to
two months sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what you're using now or save big
with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs this is an amazing deal you
can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel see them on the
web at fivestarsoap.com or call 800 340 7091 for a free catalog leading a frontal assault on the
lives of the new world order it's alex jones on the gcn radio network
come on baby it is hard to fade down that music and the man that created it ted nugent is with us
and the more i get to know ted nugent obviously i've known him for years he's been coming on the
show for probably 15 years but the more i really get to know him he is such a patriot and you
notice as things get more hardcore he gets more hardcore and i wanted to talk to him about how
to beat these people we're going to get to the fun of guns after we cover the more serious topics in
a moment but before we do that remember this broadcast is listener supported we're building
the news organization the nightly news the films uh the monthly magazine everything we're doing
isn't funded by banker bailouts and taxpayer money like msnbc and cnn it is funded by your
support and so i go out and find the best products that i can find get the best deal buy them in bulk
and sell them at the lowest price like the stainless steel propure water filtration system
that blows away the competition very important to have clean water so it's a win-win-win
you can get that at info war store.com that's info wars one word store.com you can also find
all the pros second amendment come and take it with a m16 or ak-47 with the right to keep
bare arms shall not be infringed inside the gun best-selling shirt out there people are
getting them all over the country camouflage info wars.com ball caps the films the materials
it is a culture war so wear your uniform folks and meet like-minded people we have the obama joker
tyrant shirt uh limited edition we have the new 1776 spirit of liberty shirt that just came out
with paul revere riding on it with m16s crossed on the front and the back just amazing at info
war store.com and the more you fuel us in mid-air refueling the more you fund us the more we're
going to get the word out in fact i'm about to put 1 million bumper stickers in the new not this
month but the next month magazine 1 million of them six bumper stickers per magazine going out
one of them's the second amendment sticker the others are info wars it's time to get
aggressive aggressive aggressive aggressive and support ted nugent.com the globalist the new world
order types love to act like we're all alone that we don't have any power that that we're weirdos
at the end of the charlton heston demonization video where they say he killed the kids god hates
him he's going to hell he's a psycho he's scum he blows his foot off at the end of the attempted
defaming that falls flat on its face by the the little scrofulous creature jim carrey and his
masters at the end of the whole video you realize that these people are just pathetic and that all
they've done is give us another tool to show what scum they are but we are in a culture war and at
the end of the video they all laugh at charlton heston and laugh at gun owners and you're supposed
to feel like you're alone at the end you're you're supposed to feel like as there's blood
all over charlton heston you're supposed to feel like you're a moron and because this scum laughed
at you that's all peer pressure manipulation these people are the scum and they really are
the degenerate scum and it's time to really get in their face and stop being nice about it
i mean ted i think it's time to go all the way it's time to triple and re quadruple down they
tell us be nice that's the way to win arguments this is our enemy telling us this what do you
say about really getting aggressive then get into dhs get into still touring getting bigger every
day the wake up that's happening i want to get into uncle ted's advice in this war ted nugent
you've got the floor well alex when you recommend getting more aggressive surely you've seen the
youtube video of me holding up a bunch of drum fed ar-15s on stage and telling nancy pelosi
then senator barack obama barbara box oh yes diane feinstein at all to suck on my machine
guns should i get more aggressive than that no i think no no i'm telling i'm not telling you that
i'm telling the the public i know what you mean and we love you madly but i do believe that i
may be the only guy on the planet who's got a couple notches up the aggressive chart from
alex oh no no let me be clear i agree with you i'm telling the audience i think it's time to
get aggressive what do you say then i just thought i'd make sure if if people listening
right now to us alex has haven't googled my name lately get yourself some popcorn and a couple of
you're right and google ted nugent and watch me drive the liberals that's what i do sometimes on
saturday nights i literally do they'll watch your latest youtube i mean it's just and by the way
alex i have my wife will tell you i never in my life have woke up in the morning rub my hands
together got a wild eye look in my face and going what can i do to drive liberals batty i've never
given it a thought swear to god my instincts exactly to stand up for truth logic the logic
and pragmatism that brings independent quality of life and i celebrate and promote those things i
started promoting never defending i have never defended the second amendment or back straps i've
never defended anything i promote and celebrate all good things self-evident truth logic goodwill
decency and the american way and i found out as early as 1965 1966 the beatniks were morphing into
the hippies and they hated me and i i said that for a minute i go you hate me because i believe
in self-defense and i eat venison are you kidding me but here's the bottom line i would love to get
pelosi and boxer and feinstein and michael moore and jim carrey and bill marr and pierce morgan
i'd like them to get on film and admit how much dope have you smoking how many mind alter and i'm
not alleging they have allegedly they talk and conduct themselves like cesspools of mind-altering
drugs and i bet you if you got everybody that hates ted nugent and alex jones and the nra
and freedom in america if you've got all of them to take some truth serum and look in the camera
admit how much mind-altering substance abuse they've subjected themselves to for how long
no one would be surprised that they are timothy leary run amok
and that's what you can express from those kind of people when you have intentionally
poisoned and destroyed your brain you can come out with a video like jim carrey has well let me
throw this at you briefly and then get into all those other topics we talked about during the
break again ted nugent's our guest if you just tuned in and he's on fire today after they've
tried to desecrate and demonize charlton heston i believe it will will blow up in their face buzz
bissinger was on uh the piers morgan show a few days after i was on there and he said you know
we ought to get him in here and shoot him and then the ambassador's daughter huntsman's daughter and
morgan agree and say yeah i'll put on a police uniform and they fetishize that real creepy
and we'll shoot alex jones and then buzz bissinger has now come out and admitted he likes to buy
six hundred thousand dollars a year of women's clothing and i mean my whole issue is what what
is the point of this i mean you know this guy is if i said kill him which i'm not i mean that's
like going out in the yard stepping on dog crap if i said kill him i would be arrested he said
kill me and then it's a joke these people fetishize killing us and they're constantly
talking about killing constitutionalists there's you know there's so many examples of this
with people like alec baldwin you name it i mean that's why our instincts you know and again if we
go back to what made america great we didn't meet the british punks at concord bridge to make them
key and have have a discussion but blew their brains out that's how you stop tyrants that's
how you stop king george that's how you stop despots and emperors and punks that want to
control your life and an oppressed freedom you meet them at concord bridge and you blow their
damn brains out that's what we did in 1776 because we'd about had enough and so when you made that
statement on pierce morgan i've seen the the transcript all i can say is hello self-evident
truth common sense and history is not up for discussion it is what it is but now in the
culture war it is important that we let them talk we let them threaten our lives we let them call
the greatest maybe one of the greatest heroes of the civil rights movement next to dr martin luther
king jr and others that sacrifice so much the freedom marchers and so many charlton heston
is the most revered and earned reputation icon and hero alex so let kim carrey show his evil side
let him carry lie his entire video is a lie and these punks like bill mar cannot separate their
humor license their creative humor license from the respect due to a great man like charlton heston
so it's good that they take the bait but we the people who still understand the foundation of the
greatest quality of life in the history of the world is outlined in the bill of rights in the
u.s constitution declaration of independence the ten commandments the golden rule those of us that
are in the asset column of america we still are running short of our responsibilities to educate
inspire and and prod everyone in our lives there's an enormous army that could have won this last
election alex if all of us that knew the truth and knew the evidence if we shared it and we asked and
we really pushed harder to get our friends to join the nra to communicate with their election
officials and to speak up there's still too many sheep in america and the sheep dogs need to educate
them so we can reduce the wolves you're right and in closing on the point of charlton heston
before we get into solutions uh so many people that support liberty are just quiet and uh you
know they're sitting back and and they're waiting of the system pushes too much and as andrew
jackson said don't fire until you see the whites of their eyes you know i understand the point of
let the enemy run amok that's what's discrediting polls show that people are more pro-gun now than
they were just six months ago there's a new cbs poll out they're very upset that their whole
hoax has failed but at the same time they've still got control of the government and the bureaucracy
because they crave the control how do we really get on the offense as individuals i say go to city
councils i say get in the face of police chiefs that are anti-gun i mean i mean my own police
chief in austin says uh you know turn in your semi-autos ban high-capacity clips ban gun shows
you can't buy your son a gun no private sales you don't need a semi-auto to protect yourself well
then how about the austin police who i know most of them are good people how about you turn in your
semi-autos what a load of bull what do you say to that well he's obviously the illegitimate stepchild
of ann richards um that still exists i mean chela jackson lee is alive and well in texas so we've
got we've got anti-freedom we got hypocrites because i guarantee that chief of police has
a semi-auto to protect his family alex are you kidding me well again it's communication uh i've
been doing this forever i think i was one of the first guys to find myself face to face with the
whites of their eyes in the culture war back in the 1960s because the tip of that spear has always
been gun rights and hunting rights private property hunting conservation we the people own
those resources not the king so i gotta tell you i'm gonna put out a salute right now to ranger
test and go-kart and steve and and and so many guys that might talk back blood trails i have
thousands and thousands of people not just from the united states but canada japan australia
germany england belgium sweden i mean people from all around the world will dream of who crave and
have the instinct to be independent and free they come to ted nugent.com talkback and a salute to
them because for every talkbacker that you and i communicate with they need to communicate with
another dozen and those doesn't need to communicate with another dozen that's how we win this culture
war we have not turned up the heat we have not got aggressive enough but we always have to be on the
civil polite goodwill and decency side and let the jim carrys spew their venom let them expose
themselves for the haters and the freedom haters and the america haters that they are and if we
remain civil with the stats and statistics and evidence at our at our fingertips and at the tip
of our tongue alex we will win that's why i salute you that's what you're doing and everybody
listening they don't need to call alex and say thank you they need to call everybody else in
their lives and get them going you're right let's get into solutions talk about because you got cut
off by the break the dhs situation it's admitting there's an arm build up that they're trying to
create this new domestic security force pointed at the american people but then i want to hear
about the delta force and seals and people you know you were telling me off air how incredibly
awake they're getting and then let's talk about let's talk about solutions the gun culture they're
so afraid of that's spreading going and and and literally getting somebody into guns that one
person after another that's how we're truly going to win and you see it happening all across this
country yeah it's like you're chief of police in austin isn't it isn't that a heartbreaker
that a texas law enforcement officer sides with nancy pelosi i mean are you kidding me
so what do you do pee at the wall of the alamo like ozzy osborne i i'm just heartbroken because
i know a bunch of those austin cops but here's the final overview i you know i'm a lucky guy
i get to hang and barbecue and hunt and train with the greatest commando hero warriors that
ever lived i mean i am so humbled i'm surprised i can even grovel at their feet delta force navy
seals uh the special ops the the army rangers swat commanders and heroes of law enforcement
and military all across this land i held the hand of sergeant todd balding who happened to be from
austin alex i held his hand over in iraq he took an rpg center mass i'll try not to cry on your
radio show here the young black man 22 years old rpg center mass alex it was still in his guts
i stood there in his blood and i held his hand as he died wow i don't need any more inspiration
he died because he swore an oath mr chief of police to enforce abide by and fight for and die
for the u.s constitution do you think i need some punk some dependent little whiny soulless
doped up crybaby like jim carrey to give me direction on constitutional and bill of rights
guaranteed god-given individual rights are you kidding me so everybody close their eyes right
now unless you're driving and think of todd balding as he bled to death he took his giant
ugly rpg rocket right in the guts and he bled to death fighting for freedom and going after
terrorists who attack americans because of their voodoo alla puke muslim insanity and if that's
not worth inspiring you to join the nra to communicate with your elected officials and
do your duty as we the people that i don't think there's any hope for you and you're probably out
of just moved to canada well it really is disgusting that that these people parade around
in fact since you mentioned that and i want to talk about uh the tour and and and the culture
war having fun that is the way to defeat them obama says post-asad syria of islamist extremism
is nightmare scenario obama in libya in syria i'm not saying qaddafi or or or or the guy in syria
or the guy in syria are good guys but they weren't offensively doing anything they're putting real
al-qaeda out of saudi arabia over there and are now talking about our troops having to go in
after asad falls to fight them i mean what is going on with obama openly funding real al-qaeda
i don't know if you've seen the videos of them chopping christians heads off in syria i can't
even believe this it's like some outer limits or or some other dimension that that it's in the news
obama warns syria could become enclave from extremism why is our government offensively
with nato now saying nato is over our military our military's spoken out against us by the way
i'm sure you know that what what is going on with that what are your do you hear anything from your
military sources about about this craziness the 10 000 missiles from menghazi where they why did
they kill the ambassador they stood down my inside sources that are in army intelligence say
obama wanted him dead it was the menghazi security force that was al-qaeda that came
over and killed him i mean it's just what is going on with obama i mean boy where do you
begin to answer that question here's a guy that was born to communists raised by communists
educated by communists preached to by america hating communists i mean who hasn't studied where
this acorn chicago gangster scammer came from but that's what i was talking about the department of
homeland security which by the way alex you're on the phone with the czar of homeland security
homeland is secure know that but there's the the domestic agencies from the irs to the
u.s fish and wildlife to the bureau of land management u.s forest service and dea and atf
and fbi and it and remember a lot of those people i still think the majority of those agents are
great patriots and great men and women and i i hang the future of america on the nail of truth that
they have expressed to me that they will not enforce illegal anti-constitutional orders from
above that is the great hope but that they're purchasing all this firepower and and armored
vehicles who doesn't know this who doesn't identify this as an illegal act by the government
who is so corrupt so out of control thank god for ted cruz and and ran paul and ron paul and
and governor perry and rick and greg abbott and and and steve stockman and bill flores and and so
many patriots that are standing up and and and and but that's that's the new gop that we the people
have prodded with the we the people pulse when you extract the we the people pulse from politics
you will get we the people i give you barack hussein obama i think they're gearing up
what do you think's going on with the bullets are they trying to just dry up the the bullet supply
well they certainly have succeeded that i started my own pet nugent line of ammo here last year and
it's like everything else you find on the shelf nowadays if you can find any it's state-of-the-art
stuff but we literally can't get my pallets of ammo off the truck people are buying them in the
parking lot before they even get to the shelves which you know on a consumer side i'm i'm i'm
gleeful of in the the ammo industry the firearms industry is literally having a consumer orgy like
never before which is a very powerful statement from we the people that we smell what you're
doing obama and we're gearing up too and a little don't tread on me reminder seems to be appropriate
right now so there's no question what's going on the deceit the scam the criminality the
bengazi the fast and furious sending f-16s to to egypt i mean you gotta be kidding me this
this would make a stupid burns movie that alfred hitchcock wouldn't produce because it's too stupid
but it's actually happening but that's what frustrates me that's why i got so sick i'm
going to be honest i came in last night from work you know being an evil american i got home about
nine and she said what is wrong with you and i just my kids all came up and they were around me
and uh 10 down to age five and what's wrong dad and i just said i don't want to talk about it
and then i couldn't i got so it was it was past anger it was the shame that we allow this scum
to walk all over us and that and that and that this country has allowed pathetic filth and
authoritarians to even call themselves liberal thomas jefferson was a liberal they're not
liberals and it just made me reaffirm that i am going to redouble 110 percent and i'm coming after
these people now what do you think about ways to go after legally and lawfully to go after uh
carrie and all these globalists how do we really get aggressive boycott what do we do well you know
i have such a if you can bear with me i literally have the answer the perfect answer
ted cruz didn't sprout out of the ground and just show up i communicated with him texas who
cared communicated with him with him we enthused him we supported him now he represents us and did
you see the beauty the perfection of we the people when ted cruz that's right we backed him we backed
him so we take over and that's what even the republican establishment is scared of real
constitutional libertarian campaign for liberty people absolutely but that's why ted cruz so
riled up feinstein because he represented the common sense pulse of logic freedom-loving
americans and every state needs to do that and there's a lot of states that do do that arizona
uh south dakota uh certainly texas is the master of it uh wisconsin has done great things with what
they've done with scott walker up there and in his own way even though christie's only a solid
two on the scale of ten he sure beats the negative eight of the past governors of that state in new
jersey but we the people where we don't demand representation based on the constitution and our
common sense where we don't demand it we will get the pelosis and the spines and the bloombergs
and the kuomos and the subhuman freedom haters that are infesting this corrupt government right
now so the answer is activism activism activism always always firm but never ever give up well
here's an example drugsreport.com in the last year has been taking our stories and putting them out
about the billion bullets the 1.6 the 2 billion the armored vehicles and they just said it didn't
exist politico and other uh white house fronts now there's a 15-member congressional investigation
starting uh congressman it's my duty to get to the bottom of massive dhs ammo buy it's now on
fox cnn everywhere they're being caught lying and there's an example of just taking action and the
people talking to their congress folks we're now forcing this issue out and we can do that
everywhere when we just move against them tell us about the tour uh in the last minute and a half
and how we win by having fun well you know having fun is all things shoot them up i mean every day
in america american families uh celebrate the shooting sports and the second amendment uh by
spending millions of dollars and shooting millions of rounds of ammo i mean that's actually accurate
alex american families go out every week and shoot millions of rounds of ammo in training
competition practice and that builds the liberty infrastructure listen you've already done 55
minutes with us this is a one minute break can you come back and finish that thought for two minutes
all right ted nugent a little bit of overdrive here and then we'll continue into the third hour
with news uh your phone calls and a ton i haven't gotten to but he is on fire ted nugent.com i'm
alex jones with info wars.com we're streaming video at info wars news.com of the show right now
you are listening to gcn visit gcnlive.com today
you prepare by purchasing gold food and firearms but if you don't have a home security system
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection when you're sleeping
or away from home who's watching out for intruders check out simply safe it's a new do-it-yourself
home security system that is completely wireless go to getsimplysafe.com simply safe is independent
and off the grid it runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down you're protected
it's completely customizable so you can use it in your home business boat trailer storage unit or
shed getsimplysafe.com simply safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20
minutes so there's no need to let a stranger into your home if you move or need to relocate you can
take the system with you wherever you go you aren't always the only one who can do it
wherever you go you aren't always at home but simply safe will stand guard protecting your
property 24 hours a day seven days a week again that's getsimplysafe.com
waging war on corruption alex jones on the gcn radio network
big brother mainstream media government cover-up you want answers you want answers
well so does he he's alex jones on the gcn radio network and now live from austin texas alex jones
it was 20 years ago sitting there in local community college every class whether it was
trigonometry or psychology hearing how america was bad guns were bad george washington was a piece of
garbage private property was evil and i said i got to get the media i wasn't even intending that
went to an access show then six months into it got a local radio show then got a weeknight show
then got syndicated and i've grown slowly but now we do reach 15 million people a week one way or
another and it's growing it's quite frankly scary sometimes it's growing and it's growing and it's
one way or another and it's growing it's quite frankly scary sometimes it's an incredible
responsibility but the deeper you get into this fight it is not work folks my problem is i am
completely obsessed with it because i'm being assaulted i'm angry and i have an instinct to
it's like a fight if somebody starts a fight starts kicking your butt when you start kicking
their butt back you know you want to go ahead and put them all the way down so they don't get back
up i want to really get on the offense and really go after them and if everybody would join state
and and national gun groups like the nra and others if everybody would go to their state
houses and get aggressive we would route these people we're in fact ted nugent and closing you're
talking about winning and also having fun don't you just think that that they've jumped the shark
here and that if we double down we can actually have an offense that could really once and for all
defeat the collectivist yeah it almost took in fact not almost it has taken this extreme attack
on our individual freedoms by barack obama and all his gangster punk friends out there
to wake a lot of americans up buying more firearms more ammo than ever in recorded history
of planet earth that's a great sign but don't underestimate the importance i use the term
cleanse my soul alex i get up in the tree with my bow and arrow i train with these heroes of
the military that have sacrificed their arms and their legs we shoot machine guns from helicopters
and kill hogs and we barbecue and we fish so never underestimate the importance of getting
away from the battle as long as you've done the battle to the best of your ability and signed up
new members of the nra gun owners of america you've communicated with your elected officials
and you've kind of educated slash chastise your friends who are not engaged but then get out with
your family invite some new shooters take that 22 with ears and eyes and hearing protection eye
protection and introduce some new shooters i have a ted nugent camp for kids charity for 25 years
and we've graduated over 15 000 young americans into the shooting sports for safe proper gun
handling that drives the enemy that's how you blend your soul while you're winning the war
having the time of your life now you're right we all need to fight hard and then play hard
uh the black power tour uh in closing tell us tell us about that that really upset the system
uh that your inspiration was black rock and rollers it also upsets him that charlton has
done with such a humanitarian the civil rights movement well my all the good music in the world
comes from black artists from the howlin wolf and muddy waters into boat diddly and chucks
berry and little richard james brown and bullshit picket sam and dave and the motel and funk brothers
so my incredible band the greatest rock and roll rhythm and blues band in the world
greg smith and mick brown and derrick st holmes we're hitting the road this year starting next
month with ariel and sticks and we're going out all summer before the hunting season starts
but we're going to play a tribute as we always have for 50 years to those black american heroes
that have inspired every piece of killer music in the history of mankind and it's called black power
because the black artists showed us the way musically and emotionally in that spirit and
uppity ferocity so we should take that and use it you can use stranglehold as the ultimate soundtrack
for freedom and defiance and i want to thank everybody for making our spirit of the wild show
the number one show on outdoor channel and our wanted dead or alive show the number one show on
sportsman channel but i'm keeping at it i'm turning up the heat and we need to get more
aggressive and meet to win this culture war asap well look at how you're all these hit shows on
discovery that they're trying to cancel them even though they're hits because they know we're
winning the culture war i see this whole attack as desperate flailing it is desperate flailing but
that's going to backfire on jim carrey's going to backfire michael moore's backfiring i believe
nancy you don't need to read this you need to sign it pelosi is a backfire in itself so we
need to take advantage of the indecency the hate from the other side we need to express it always
express it calmly if you're going to call your senator have a piece of paper with the main two
points you want absolutely ted nugent.com ted thank you for giving such an eloquent defense of
charlton has said not that he needed it you're right but god bless you and we'll talk to you
again very soon folks ted nugent got you too goodbye we'll be right back stay with us that
was ted nugent if you're listening you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day
if you're listening you know the economy is not getting better you know gas and food prices are
skyrocketing now is the time to get prepared for years we've told you about our friends at
e foods direct they have the best tasting long-term storable food on the planet this
food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight a long-term food supply allows
you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most be prepared
and get your supply from e foods direct right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of
dollars with free shipping on all food supplies give yourself peace of mind and be prepared act
now and call 800-409-5633 or visit e foods direct.com slash alex get free shipping on all
orders for a limited time call 800-409-5633 or go to e foods direct.com slash alex you can bet your
life on e foods direct i had tried everything i'd cut back the amount of food i was eating i was
lifting weights and jogging but nothing was working my body was literally starving for
minerals and trace elements as well as key vitamins and as soon as i had that i immediately
could eat half of what i was eating previously and be satisfied now there are hundreds of great
products at info wars team.com but i want to point out the three that have helped me lose 37 pounds
in just two months products like beyond tangy tangerine holland burst and rebound when i started
taking the tangy tangerine and other products every day i lost more than 37 pounds in just
two months now that's results i want to challenge my listeners to go to info wars team.com and to
order just three of their products and you will see the changes in the way you look feel and in
your appetite almost immediately start your journey to health and wellness today info wars
team.com introducing pro one all of your filtration in one system portable on the go no more do you
have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride you have a system that cuts out the
sodium fluoride and up to 95 percent of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing technology
combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element it is the only one that does it and out
of the gates we have it discounted at 10 off with promo code water this is the only system that in
one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides herbicides chloramines ammonia and chlorine
hydrofluorosolic acid the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter
brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate get your pro pure with a new pro one filter today at
info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139 we've got it this transmission is coming to you
waging war on corruption
oh it's alex jones coming to you live from the front lines of the info war
ladies and gentlemen curtain ml has an article out at info wars.com
senators paul and cruise pledged defeat anti second amendment bill in the senate
there's another report out by a slate in a salon i was actually surprised by it was halfway fair
billy corrigan's strange infatuation with a conspiracy theorist the smashing pumpkin's
front man reveals his admiration for alex jones the reason i mentioned that is it's a very good
video and is reaching a lot of people that you would call liberal uh with the message of liberty
because what we're trying to do is get past all the labels and obviously with somebody like uh
ted nugent on you're going to get the labels against the democrats because he's chosen the
republican team because he believes it's better you know to work from what's inside that and take
it over and that's fine i say take over the democrats the republicans everybody a true liberal
stance is pro-gun pro-private property pro-family pro live your own life and uh even though that's
kind of a demonization headline little snot nose headline the actual article that we're going to
actual article is very very fair and i've never seen that out of salon in the demonization pieces
uh so again that's another positive sign right there here's another one you know you see carl
rove coming out and demonizing campaign for liberty demonizing ran paul demonizing ted
cruz saying oh you know they're not going to get anybody elected they're going to ruin the
republican party and that's because they're scared to death of it they've tried to have
the bilderbergs and peter thiel and others go in and take over the ron paul uh system
and that certainly was successful with jesse benton at some levels because it's washington
dc it's a barrel of sharks but if you look at ran paul and others they are the prototype
of county commissioners city council people sheriffs state reps governors and other congress
people like walter jones who is who who is a patriot and supporting the entire bill of rights
and is against all these wars you see with ran paul with walter jones who is a convert to this
in the last decade and apologizes for iraq and says he was lied to and repents i mean he's
really repentant we're infiltrating them they're not infiltrating us and that's why they're coming
after ran paul that's why they're coming after ted cruz and again i don't know ted cruz that
well we've interviewed him before i don't completely trust him until i've known him a
long time but the fruits on the tree shutting down diane feinstein not doing sophomoric half
arguments but really bombshell you know crushing her we can take over there is this self-fulfilling
prophecy that we can't win and that nobody can be good i mean i see this all the time
where people can't believe that i'm actually real i didn't go to an access show for many years and
get my own radio show and build it and start my website and you know even update it sometimes
myself when i had almost no you know internet savvy uh on systems like coffee cup and then
dreamweaver i didn't make films untrained with three-quarter inch tape and vhs i didn't sit
there and cut my own audio tracks with a razor blade i didn't sneak into bohemian grove i didn't
sneak into military operations i didn't go out and confront people i didn't go out and build a
media system i didn't do any of that no there's an army of cia people out there in my control room
they're running it all that's right you see because these are people out there who know
the government's corrupt now they've gotten savvy enough to know they're serious problems
in our society but they've been brought up by the television in their diapers you know 10 hours a
day when they were little kids babies and brought up by the culture and they don't know how to do
anything they don't even know how to work at mcdonald's they know how to go get you know their
parents go pay their tuition to go to university to get a degree that won't exist by the time they
get out we're going towards singularity the whole deal i mean it's obvious i mean this is this whole
age is dying this whole system is going down this whole system is falling apart by design into the
new technocracy it would already be major upheaval but the globalists are steering it to be as
consolidated to consolidate and destroy society and it is just madness the globalist aren't going
to get out of this in my deep research if they continue down this path it is madness it is
nightmare it is joining with sauron it is joining with el diablo and people are such spectators
they cannot imagine and that's why they don't want fighting that's why even wrestling or then
running or dodgeball or then uh shaking hands is being made quote illegal they criminally charge
you know there's not really a law they trick you to then plea bargain to a lesser charge and sign
an agreement so it never goes to trial and then you get into the system that's why in the last
15 years all over the world they're phasing it out because when you're growing up as a kid and
get beat up by bullies it creates confidence when you finally learn to fight back when you
paint things and go sell them and become successful it creates confidence when you go
and work as a painter of houses and then go start your own business five years later and suddenly
buy a new car and have a nice house it builds confidence soon you hire 10 more painters and
you put up billboards and now you've got the biggest painting company in the town you know
when you go out and mow the yards when when when you do go and become an engineer or a chemist and
then go and develop things or when you invent something then it becomes you know successful
then you invent hundreds of things they don't want you ever to have success and it just blows
me away i mean the best thing that ever happened to me thank god i survived there was a few times
i couldn't believe how rough dallas was i couldn't believe the total culture of maleness
compared to austin now in a way it's kind of like after you've been in a big fight you want to go
lay down that's what austin's like where there's hardly any fighting or you know it's just totally
different culture but but in a way i realize that's because it is controlled but it's a
side issue the best thing ever happened to me was people pulling knives on me uh getting stabbed
getting in i think about how many fights i've been in uh all of it even though it was it was
rough at the time it gave me confidence and experience and made me where i was confident
in other things and probably too confident sometimes and i just and i'm not here saying
i'm mr tough guy because let me tell you as tough as you think there are you know in any
you know movie theater there's probably 10 guys can kick your butt there's a lot of tough guys
out there but then i sit there and i see the morally weak and and and pathetic and emasculated
who get into it who have never done anything on their own and will go work for a corporation
pushing paper around waiting for the age of humans to end the globalists have decided the age of
humans is over they believe their evolution is to merge with the machines and become gods now
whether that's going to really happen or not the media always says i'm the one that believes that
no the establishment believes it and i show in films and books and articles where they say it
constantly they're they're out of control and i don't want them controlling my destiny i don't
want them running my life and my children's life because i don't want my great-great-grandchildren
to not exist i want passion and love and the challenge of life and the great adventure to
continue i fear humanity's death i fear the stream to my ancestors from the past to the present to
the future with my progeny and your progeny that will inherit the earth together being destroyed
being damaged being twisted being abused i don't like thinking about innocent people being abused
are pulled down i don't like what's happening and i want to defeat the tyranny and you have to first
believe you can defeat it and the churches of all taught it's the end of the world and there's no
reason to get involved just just leave the world alone and that's why evil's taking over whether
it is the end of the world or not coming you have a job you're just gonna let people be caught up by
the world system you're just gonna let people be overrun by this most of you don't fight this
tyranny because you're cowards and and and it is so pathetic it is so absolutely
completely pathetic at so many levels you're allowing the evil to take over that's the danger
you should be afraid of acting like a sheep bringing in the wolves your wolf bait but
instead you think it will protect you groveling under the dark wings of the new world order it
will not do that and you have a responsibility to speak out against this but you know you're
afraid of what your neighbors think much less the government coming after you you i mean i can't
believe how people care what others think or someone laughing at someone who you don't know
i mean if i know somebody and they're trying to do something to me i take it personal and then
don't like it but if i don't know somebody you're laughing at me i mean if i slip and fall at a
grocery store or something everybody's pointing and laughing i'm not embarrassed i get up make
a joke and i just don't understand the unconfident patheticness that pete the spirit of patheticness
that has absolutely taken everything over and it's time to rediscover your humanity we're going to
take phone calls for the balance of the hour going to a bunch of world news financial news middle
east news politics health science you name it 800-259-9231 first-time callers 800-259-9231
you can call in about anything you want okay anything you want but what do you think about
just just absolutely how they hate charlton heston because they knew he had a big heart
and was a real guy these people hate real people they hate love they hate real hearts they they
they revel in being twisted and weak in like clouds of games of of weirdos
and they they try to be weird they're not even really weird they're not really weird they're
fake weird they're a bunch of unformed people that that that that that are just so childlike
and so weak it freaks me out globalists see you acting weak and love it it like encourages them
it freaks me out jim carrey is so pathetic and evil it makes me want to throw up it hurts me
he's so weak prancing around and so pathetic 800-259-9231 800-259-9231 and infowars.com
and prisonplanet.tv are the websites we'll be right back after this quick break with your
phone calls 800-259-9231 stay with us you prepare by purchasing gold food and firearms
but if you don't have a home security system then you're missing a critical weapon in your
arsenal for home protection when you're sleeping or away from home who's watching out for intruders
check out simply safe it's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless
go to getsimplysafe.com simply safe is independent and off the grid it runs on
battery power so even if the grid goes down you're protected it's completely customizable
so you can use it in your home business boat trailer storage unit or shed getsimplysafe.com
simply safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes
so there's no need to let a stranger into your home if you move or need to relocate
you can take the system with you wherever you go you aren't always at home but simply safe
will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day seven days a week again that's
getsimplysafe.com digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins
that bears repeating digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins
and pro em1 daily probiotic cleanse is the key to digestive health pro em1 is a powerful liquid
probiotic strong enough to cleanse gentle enough to use every day pro em1 is dairy wheat and soy
free contains all natural and certified organic ingredients contains no preservatives or animal
products supports a healthy digestive and immune system supports weight loss improves absorption
of food nutrients aids in controlling yeast infections is never freeze dried and uses three
groups of live viable beneficial microbes to cleanse and remove toxins order pro em1 daily
probiotic cleanse at tereganics.com spelled t-e-r-a-g-a-n-i-x.com tereganics.com or call
toll free 866-369-3678 that's 866-369-3678 pro em1 the raw probiotic making the right decisions is a
challenge to investors are we going to see economic growth slide into a recession or at worst depression
hi ted anderson from mitis resources we all know when a company acts irresponsibly divesting
ourselves in a move towards safety is prudent when the market becomes volatile us treasuries are a
safe haven but what do you do when the us government overextends itself and spends beyond its means
many investors are turning toward gold as a common sense alternative to traditional paper investments
mitis resources has put together a powerful book titled 10 reasons to own gold discussing costs
benefits risks featuring full color illustrations weights and measures the book is free and can be
yours by calling 800-686-2237 paper investments are dwarfed by gold 6 000 year history discover
how gold may be right for you and your ira by calling 800-686-2237 whether buying or it's time
for you to sell the book is free call 800-686-2237 hey there my name is frank baits do you know the
number one most valuable item in a crisis some people think the answer is gold others think it's
a gun but the correct answer will shock you i just created a free video at crisis123.com
that reveals a surprising item that is more valuable than gold in a crisis
97 percent of americans don't have this one critical item in fact they haven't even given
it a thought and the sad truth is that you may not survive without it when a real crisis hits
and a starving mob is right outside your door but i have to tell you could literally make the
difference between life and death for you and your family watch my video at crisis123.com
to discover the number one most valuable item in a crisis you'll be shocked see the controversial
video that thousands of other smart patriots have already seen in the last three months
go watch my video now at crisis123.com before they force me to shut it down again that's crisis123.com
the red white and blue
the predator class wants us disarmed we must deliver liberty into the people's hands at the
grassroots everyone that wants to destroy our private property our second amendment our families
are our eternal mind crime enemies they are people that want to control our minds and they are
enemies chris in connecticut you're on the air go ahead welcome hey i just wanted to address a
specific remark that mr nugent had made and that remark was about that unfortunate poor marine who
died with a rocket in his chest and how he died over there in iraq defending the constitution
and our freedoms and you know that didn't make me want to vomit and i'm sure to most people
listening in yourself you realize that that's just simply not true that the constitution calls
sure his whole point is his whole point is is that they swear an oath to it and that that guy died
and so when you're over there you end up hating the people that you're fighting against and so
i brought up why is our government funding the radical muslims to bring everybody down
it's a sophisticated thing to understand but they're starting to get it you see that's what
i'm doing by exposing that the that the globalists run al-qaeda is that will bring down the whole
fake war on terror uh and so that's why yeah go ahead sir your phone's a little breaking up go
ahead all right yeah thank you for trying to bring that to his attention right away because
there are people who as i said probably collectively had their their gag reflex
act up so i just want to say uh you know i hear you are you on a speakerphone are you on a
speakerphone yeah i'm looking i got my tools in hand you know so i'll let you go but thank you
listen we uh callers this is what we do when we take calls we don't screen your calls but
we want to make sure your phone sounds good we want people off their speakerphones because
i can barely understand you and i really want people to hear you that's why i gave the number
up uh so uh everybody get off their speaker phones uh let's talk to ted in florida you're
on the air go ahead hey alex how you doing good sir welcome hey alex couple things uh the patrick
henry speech is um just so apropos to what's going on today they're they're gathering armies
against us they want to confiscate our guns the war has already begun why stand we here idle
absolutely there's there's no time for ceremony um you know there's there's so much going on these
guys are criminals they're afraid because we're exposing them they're trying to do everything they
can to save their hive uh i believe a false flag is imminent to distract everybody from from how
much we're exposing them um and and billy uh billy cordon had a great idea i'm bringing other uh
other disciplines in here you know satan is a is the the the narcissist and our society and
particularly jim carrey and all these others like him they're narcissists and there's a wonderful
woman melanie tony evans that has a wonderful uh piece of work on narcissism and and then a couple
other things on solutions is uh i think we should because everybody's tight on money we should we
should make a 10 million man march and everybody gather and go to their state houses so they don't
always have to spend a lot of money and go to washington but they're state houses and uh and
then one last thing um these uh these huge armored vehicles they they have a serious weakness that
their windows if uh everybody has paintball guns and wrist rockets to shoot paint uh that that
that makes them like a turtle you're tipped over where'd you do that research i just looked at them
looked at them and looked for their weaknesses and and uh you know they don't have a lot of
weaknesses uh with small arms fire but their windows you know if they can't see they can't
drive and paintball guns are inexpensive balloons and wrist rockets and paint oil-based paint is
inexpensive sure well even if there's cameras on them you can take those out now we need to take
them out politically and expose this arms buildup against us and then it's checkmate you understand
the propaganda value people think propaganda is a bad word there's white propaganda gray propaganda
and black propaganda black is a lie and white is obviously the truth we have all the white
propaganda we could ever use this arms buildup is the biggest piece of white propaganda we could
ever have i suggest we use it and we have been using it i mean this is a war ladies and gentlemen
and it takes strategy uh and and it also just takes brute force and mass and i'm gonna launch
a million bumper sticker operation i'm figuring out if i have the money it looks like it'll cost
something like a hundred thousand dollars and then put them in the magazines people can buy them at
cost in bulk i'm having to charge out i say it cost i have to charge a little bit more because
the cost a million bumper stickers up around the country i mean this is an example of devastating
the enemy to create that solidarity that awareness we're on the march the empire's on the run
alex jones and the gcn radio network
devastating events like earthquakes tornadoes floods hurricanes or the threat of martial law
have highlighted the need for americans to prepare for emergencies as a result millions are
stockpiling food gold and weapons but how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones
becomes ill supernatural silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency
supernatural silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria viruses
moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care taken internally or used topically it can help
keep you safe from deadly pathogens supernatural silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term
shelf life making it the number one choice of preppers across the country to find out how this
amazing new technology can help you be prepared go to supernatural silver.com use the promo code
prepared for 20 off your entire order and like us on facebook if you want an american company with
american products made by americans here is the cow ben soap company alex and his staff have used
these pure soap products for years these all-natural soaps are made from the highest
quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth-friendly and safe see them on the web
at fivestarsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog buy the one to two month sample
package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what you're using now or save big with a one to
two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs this is an amazing deal you can save
thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel see them on the web at
fivestarsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog
you prepare by purchasing gold food and firearms but if you don't have a home security system
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection when you're sleeping
or away from home who's watching out for intruders check out simply safe it's a new do-it-yourself
home security system that is completely wireless go to getsimplysafe.com simply safe is independent
and off the grid it runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down you're protected it's
completely customizable so you can use it in your home business boat trailer storage unit or shed
getsimplysafe.com simply safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes
so there's no need to let a stranger into your home if you move or need to relocate you can take
the system with you and you'll be able to use it in your home if you don't have a home security system
with you wherever you go you aren't always at home but simply safe will stand guard protecting
your property 24 hours a day seven days a week again that's getsimplysafe.com
i was trained in firearms i carried a concealed weapon i made the determination
that if somebody was going to try to take me out i was going to take them with me
if i could have gotten 51 votes in the senate of the united states for an outright ban
picking up every one of them mr and mrs america turn them all in i would have done it
defending the republic from enemies foreign and domestic it's alex jones
all right let's continue with your phone calls after that bombshell interview with ted nugent
in defense of the second amendment because if they get the guns everything else implodes they
want to take your bank accounts i've told you that for over a decade they've done the same thing in
country after country after country after country after country and only realizing that if you
country after country after country after country after country and only realizing that both
political parties and all three major political parties in england and and the same thing in
parliaments of europe they get in there and they control the parties and have almost no difference
between them as carol quigley wrote in the book tragedy and hope so we can either create new
parties or we can take over the states or we can take over the republican and democratic parties
and like billy corrigan talked about there has got to be some way to bridge the gap and get people
that are part of the power structure to realize you aren't totally evil that we're going downhill
fast and you can't just keep looting in all directions that's why i have tried so desperately
to you know have different people from different perspectives on in fact i've even meant to get to
it now i said i'm taking calls we've got the jim hightower interview from the nightly news
was like 40 minutes long it's 18 minute uh excerpts where you know he they contacted us
wanted to come on i tried to get him in here to convince him about the second amendment
but he wasn't like making fun of charlton heston and people and you know wasn't just being
completely nasty and i understand that i get nasty sometimes too you know calling michael
more disgusting and evil because watching him use the dead kids and saying let's show their
dead photos and let's destroy the second amendment and all this stuff i mean it really makes me angry
because they know what they're doing and there's a very good chance that sandy hook has some staging
provocateuring there's no doubt on uh aurora there's just no doubt that is a mind control
operation out in the open that is a mind control operation out in the open and it is just off the
charts disgusting in fact you guys do have the jim hightower interview don't you
thank you
really i mean i had a meeting with rob this morning about it uh all right well it's not
a big deal well it's a good thing i was just gonna take calls then uh let's uh who knows
maybe we'll air it in overdrive or something like that uh let's go ahead and talk to wild man in
texas wild man you're on the air go ahead hey alex uh kudos to you and your crew you got a lot of
talented people there uh you're truly at the tip of the spear i uh just wanted to comment on the
jim carrey uh video uh i i normally like jim carrey uh i thought he was a pretty funny guy
uh the deal is that when i looked at that i couldn't believe what i was seeing um i tried
to put myself in his mindset and understand where he was coming from as an american
and i i don't think he truly understands uh how dangerous government is and and all of that
i think that the comedy fell flat i certainly fell flat with me um it actually made me
i'll never see a jim carrey movie again in my life i will there he's actually the jane fonda
of of this this campaign here you might say well i mean we know the establishment right wing is
authoritarian and power grabbing it's that the left runs around saying they're these wonderful
people and they're a bunch of nasty crazy people and and i'm just sick of them i'm absolutely tired
of it yeah i i'd like to go off in another direction i think one of you you know you have a
great platform there you have a lot of talented people um i'd like you to reflect on what worked
and uh you know during the vietnam war uh there was a there was a program called laughing with
goldie han and a lot of great comedians and that the satire was great i think that would be the
most effective if you if you were to do something like that that would be a very effective weapon
that would probably um get other people you know non uh uh non-evil people within the uh
administration or the hall of power to kind of listen to you and and that sort of thing
comedy is your best weapon and that's all i gotta say
no i hear you i hear you and it just it just somehow made me sick because it was so bizarro
it was so incredibly strange um yeah to you know to see that and and you know to just see all the
weird weird enjoyment of it uh it's it's just crazy i mean charlton heston doesn't deserve
to be treated like that and if it was even like jokes about him showing him like a crazy guy
shooting guns would be one thing but he's going to hell and he's a bad guy and he's a piece of
piece of garbage and all the rest of it and the dead kids are his fault and you know they're
saying it's our fault i mean they've said it's gun owners fault so i need to be killed according to
buzz bissinger who spends six hundred thousand dollars on women's clothes you know again and
people like oh you don't like people wearing women's clothes it's just like what what is
the point of that i mean go go give it to homeless kids i mean let me tell you something
i mean i'm embarrassed sometimes when i buy like a hundred dollar shirt or a
three hundred dollar jacket you know i i'm not even saying it's bad to own things it's just
that like the it's it's just weird it's like a meldo marcos with you know three thousand pairs
of shoes i don't know i guess i got five six pairs of boots it's just it's just it's something weird
about them because they're they're all like fat off the hog of the system while lecturing us all
day we need to pay more taxes i mean that michael morclabree goes there's these white people that
make fifty sixty thousand dollars a year and they live in the countryside and they don't like black
peoples why they've got guns they're scared wipe what now you know they've got lots of money and
so they i mean it's like a class warfare against people making sixty thousand dollars a year it's
now an evil rich guy by some guy worth i don't know some estimates a hundred million dollars
some are fifty million dollars i mean it's just it's screwed up man they're hypocrites
i appreciate your call that's what gets to me let's talk to joe in california you're on the air
uh listening on kscl 1340 am go ahead hey alex uh my quick question was um you probably heard it
before but why don't you take your movies to the big screens of the big cities and if it's a money
issue why don't you start a fund on the prison planet where we can donate whatever we can to
help fund that i'd love to go to speaking engagements my issue is i have to be here to
crank out the news do the research and try to build the tv end of this operation um i i mean
it's just i've got like over a hundred reports i want to do more than a hundred and and i've
got them in lists and folders and like where are my little notebooks there they are of just it's
total frustration and i'm really listening to what ted nugent was saying about rnr uh but uh i would
love it would be great to show thousands coming out all over the country it would be great to
show that to the media but the establishment media already knows we're big uh you know and and again
it's grueling to fly through the tsa or driving an old bus we've got it's a nice bus it's like 12
years old it's like the space shuttle it has i've got a good deal on it because it's impossible to
upkeep so i didn't really get a good deal on it it's an okay deal it's just that uh you know the
point is uh actually it wasn't the best deal i could get i mean comparable things were like
twice as much we got a really good deal on it still has some maintenance and things as it's
custom but it's just i just don't have it in me uh and and i also like it once i go on the road but
it's also very stressful plus i'm trying to train and build a crew so that it's not just you know
alex jones out here doing this you see what i'm saying i do and also hey you know i hear you're
saying you have that bus issues and the maintenance takes a lot of money but you're helping us so much
all the listeners you should uh rely on us to help you out well i mean i'm i mean i drive i've got
i've got a decent you know ford truck and uh and i'm you know a nice house out in the country and
everything and i'm trying to put pretty much this year i'm trying to take every bit of money i get
and put it every bit of it into the fight that's why we're talking about you know putting out a
million bumper stickers i mean i really want to give the globalist a run for their money
what i'm looking for what's at the top of my hierarchy of needs uh you know they have a chart
of hierarchy of needs is liberty and freedom and and and and reigniting individualism because if
we become individualist again and if we're not pushovers again and if we stand up for ourselves
then we can really build an incredible future uh together and so that's what i'm attempting to do
i appreciate your call joe hey thank you thank you
i'm gonna play a little bit of high tower and then maybe play some more of it in overdrive
come back in the next segment and take calls but let's go ahead and go to some of the jim
hightower interview from info wars uh nightly news that rob jacobson put together here it is
and then we will look i'll go right come back
i got a chance to meet him years ago going on his radio show and run into him around austin
and anybody who lives in texas knows who he is where people that watch national news know him
as well he's a best-selling author uh he is uh known as the road warriors he travels he gives
over 100 speeches a year he was twice elected texas agriculture uh commissioner as the
well and that's only the tip of the iceberg i mean he really has an amazing bio jim hightower
here in studio on the nightly news then of course we're also going to air some excerpts of this
on the syndicated radio show great to have you sir to be with you thank you i get the fact that
america has been a swashbuckling violent culture uh and and that guns are part of our culture
and i also understand the fact that uh we're in a situation where we're in a situation where we're
in a situation where we're in a situation of violent culture and i also understand the fact
that overall violent crime has dropped 49 in the last 20 years because gun ownership
has gone way up they also said we took lead out of things people aren't as violent i think that
feeds into it you know as well the whole lead effect but this litmus test to you know to say
let's restrict guns the reason blunberg has no credibility is he's speaking from a place
that's a total abolition on guns same thing with chicago where they've taken all the guns and
you to take three or four minutes out, where you stand on that because here's the issue.
I can get people arguing, come on, let's not have crazy people get guns. But really, it's
a way to register mine and take them, which has happened everywhere else. We know that
the authoritarian bent of government while it arms to the teeth is to take our guns.
And that's why all the even progressives, the old time liberals, true populists, not
the fake progressives, they're all out getting guns. Jim Hightower, where do you stand on
the Second Amendment and has Obama and Dianne Feinstein jump the shark going after the Second
Amendment?
Well, I don't think Feinstein, well, I'm not sure, but forget them. I believe in the Second
Amendment. I've been a hunter, I'm not now, for reasons to having nothing to do with guns,
but just not a hunter. And I believe in self defense. I don't believe in assault weapons
in the home. I don't see any need for that. And I think the Second Amendment people are
hurting themselves by maintaining that. It's just too far beyond what is necessary.
Well, how do we trust the state with it?
Well, trust the state, that's not-
See, if they weren't-
You can't trust the state.
If the government wasn't escalating its armament-
Yeah.
... to the Second Amendment argument that it was for tyranny, do you see, as they escalate,
we have to escalate.
Yeah, the 1.6 billion bullets, Homeland Security bullets.
Which they tried to deny. Isn't that even crazier? No, go ahead and make your point,
I'll shut up. Go ahead.
Well, they tried to deny and then they said, well, it's because you can get a better deal.
1.6 billion bullets.
Yeah, so see why we need the guns?
Yeah, right.
Go ahead.
Yeah, so you don't trust the government. You don't trust corporations. You don't trust
power anywhere except as diffuse as you can possibly make it.
So in that argument for semi-autos?
No, no, I think that's too much. But-
Why do you think that?
Because semi-automatic weapons, you don't need it for defense. I don't know if you've
seen any of what those bullets do. They just show any, of course, of those things.
They break up and things. But what about when, what about people are using them against criminals,
have them against you? Don't you need to be able to meet that force?
I think there's a lot of ways to do that and I don't think that-
Well, Jim, I respect the work you've done and I think you're a trailblazer. And Ford,
what you call populist liberals, I think you're about as good as it gets and I like you. And
I like a lot of your commentaries, I follow them, but I gotta be honest. It's a litmus
test for the Democratic Party to be anti-gun.
And I think deep down, you know full well that it's about the individual. We can't collectively
say everybody can't have these type of guns because people might do something wrong with
them.
Well, again, I'm not against having guns at all. I mean, I'm for the Second Amendment,
but I think the Second Amendment Crusade hurts itself by defending these use of these assault
weapons. I don't think they ought to be-
Lanza at Sandy Hook reportedly, he tried five times to get guns and then stole them from
his mother.
Yeah.
I mean, you're not gonna, all these-
No, I agree.
So then how does all this new stuff-
You're not gonna stop the crazy people either.
Well, what if Adam Lanza's coming and he's got an AR-15, an M4, don't I need one to take
him out? I mean-
Well, you need luck, or you need somebody else who's gonna do something.
Trust in God, but we're away from the rocks now.
Right, yeah, I mean, yeah. I don't know. To me, the central issue facing us is that too
few people have too much of the money and power, and they're using that against the
rest of us.
But Jim, worldwide, worldwide, the same corporations that are conquering America have taken every
body's guns. And they always say, be reasonable, give us semi-autos. And the nice guys like
you who are like, don't wanna hurt a fly, don't wanna hunt, cuz you don't wanna kill
Bambi. It's funny, the older I get, the less I wanna hunt. I get all that, but see, that's
not where it's coming from.
They're buying full auto, they're buying tanks, they're doing all this. And our founders said,
you've got whatever the infantry weapon is to protect yourself. Are you worried about
a civil war in this country?
Not yet, but again, people are being knocked down so hard and being told that it's the
new normal, that you've got to learn to live with this. You're not gonna be middle class,
your kids are not gonna be middle class, that there will be a rebellion over that. And that's
not a war with bullets and guns, that is a war with economic power.
I agree, that's where the real power is. And the First Amendment's even more powerful.
We need to use that so we don't get to the second. We have the cartridge box, the grand
jury box, the jury box, the voting box. But we do have the cartridge box, and that's why
the founders put it there. I don't want it to go there, believe me.
The beauty of the drone issue is it's crossing all the lines. Cuz Ron Wyden, a Democrat from
Oregon, was standing up there-
They're now questioning Obama.
Yeah, well, of course. And the Democratic caucus has written a pretty scathing letter
to the Obama administration, saying, you really need to tell us a whole lot more about these
things and what your plans are. Because people are getting alarmed, because now we're learning
that police agencies at all levels are wanting to get ahold of these little things. The New
York Times called them Orwellian gnats.
Yeah.
Because they're talking about not a few, they're talking about 30,000 of them by 2020 in our
airspace. Now, this worries airline pilots, cuz how do we control these things? It worries
the FAA, it worries all kinds of civil liberties people, right and left.
Did you see the Department of Defense video, if not, we'll show a short clip of it, where
a drone flies over and drops out hundreds of little ones that land on the wire at your
house and watch you?
Yeah, exactly. Yeah, that's what we're talking about. And they have another one called Swarm,
and it's a series of drones that can keep track of large amounts of people. So they're
certainly gonna be used in demonstrations.
I'll tell you what, let's show a short clip of that.
Micro air vehicles, or MAVs, will play an important role in future warfare. MAVs will
be integrated into future Air Force layered sensing systems. These systems may be air
dropped or hand launched, depending on the mission requirements.
Multiple MAVs, each equipped with small sensors, will work together to survey a large area.
Information from these sensors will be combined, providing the swarm of MAVs with a big picture
point of view. Data will be communicated amongst the MAVs to enable real-time, reliable decision
making.
We all know that Berkey Water Purification Systems are the most trusted name in water
filtration. As an authorized Berkey dealer for over six years and serving thousands of
satisfied customers, the Berkey guy offers amazing specials for Berkey Water Filtration
Systems. The Berkey Light Systems include a set of self-sterilizing and re-cleanable
black purification elements that purify water by removing chlorine, pathogenic bacteria,
cysts and parasites to non-detectable levels and remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides
and pesticides. Order the Berkey Light System today, complete with two black Berkey elements
for only $231, and the Berkey guy will ship your order free of charge. With the purchase
of a Berkey Light, the Berkey guy is also offering a set of fluoride and arsenic filters
for only $39.99. That's over 30% off the retail price. Call the Berkey guy at 1-877-886-3653.
That's 1-877-886-3653. Or order online at GoBerkey.com. That's GoBerkey.com today.
Do you suffer from low functioning adrenal or thyroid gland? Did you know that mercury
from your dental fillings comes off your teeth both as a vapor and as metal particles into
your body? Wherever mercury deposits in your body, it stops cells from functioning normally.
Animal studies show that mercury causes kidney function to drop by 60%. Mercury deposited
into your adrenals or thyroid will cause a corresponding drop in function. The number
one method by which your body detoxifies itself of mercury is glutathione. The number one
superfood that helps turn on all 75 trillion cells in your body to produce glutathione
is non-denatured whey protein from grass-fed cows. After investigating most high-end whey
proteins on the market, only one is the most non-denatured, the most active, the most complete,
and in our opinion, the most powerful, in what nature originally put into the fresh
raw whey. It is One World Whey. Call 888-988-3325. That's 888-988-3325. Or visit OneWorldWhey.com.
That's OneWorldW-H-E-Y.com. We've lived in this neighborhood for years. We have an alarm
system and all of our doors have deadbolts. They kicked in our door and were in and out
of our house in about five minutes. The police arrived in about 20 minutes, but they were
long gone with our TV, jewelry, and my guns. I kept thinking, what if my family had been
home? The police officer said that more than 85% of break-ins are through a door and that
deadbolts alone don't stop intruders. The officer told me to go to EasyArmor.net if
we wanted something that would actually stop an intruder. EasyArmor reinforces all of the
weak points on your doors and is guaranteed to prevent kick-ins. I was surprised at how
little EasyArmor costs and I installed EasyArmor in about 30 minutes. Visit EasyArmor.net.
That's the letters E-Z-A-R-M-O-R.net. Or call 888-58-ARMER. That's 888-582-7667. EasyArmor.net.
Ultimate door security made easy. The Genesis Communications Radio Network proudly
presents the Alex Jones Show because there's a war on for your mind. All right, let's try
to run through a bunch of your phone calls. We're going to do a fourth hour of overdrive
today that some stations do carry and is in the internet streams at mfullwars.com. Richard
Reeves is going to be in here talking about mfullwarshealth.com and some really important
developments on that front and a new study that's out, Clemson study. And it also supports
the broadcast and it's also a business opportunity for folks. So we're funded by listeners like
you who we really appreciate. These are stressful times, man. People know the world's in a major
time of change and we've all, the Patriots have got to stick together and really fight
hard for liberty. Let's talk to Glenn in Tennessee. You're on the air listing on GCNlive.com.
Go ahead. Hey Alex, how are you? I'm good. Thanks for holding. Welcome. And a pleasure
to be here. And I wanted to thank you. You have indeed woken a lot of people up, but
I called today because I have a bit of a bone to pick with info wars on an article that
I wrote last year that they used as one of their chief references, Ethan Hough. I know
you have quoted on the show and the media. Glenn, I don't, I mean, what, what's the name
of the article? Let me just get a pin here. In memoriam, Andrew Wordes. You remember Andrew
the chicken man. They called him. Yes. Yes. The guy they basically killed. Well, they
did indeed. And my point was the banality of evil in this country and the internal enemy
is more dangerous than the external as bad as agenda.
What did I do wrong? I sent reporters there to cover it and I said it was wrong. They
killed him. What else can I do, man? I can't even keep track of what my own crew's doing
half the time. It's not like I'm old saying, man, I, you know, I'll answer you if you will
allow me. It's the, the report that you sent turned it into an agenda 21 story when it
really wasn't.
If you listen to his friends and family, it was the banality of evil of local bureaucrats
doing this. I agree. And agenda 21 empowers them within a more scientifically designed
template to manifest their evil. Yes, they do. Um, but that was my point. I tried writing
Ethan Huff to make the correction and never got a response. And that was, that was doesn't
write for us.
We linked to somebody's stuff. God bless you, sir. You know what? I am a piece of garbage.
You're right. I'm a piece of filth and I'm sorry that I didn't do more. I mean, I really
am. I don't know what I could do. I don't know how I do it. I tried to stop. I don't
like them killing people for chickens in their backyard that are legal. And I thought it,
uh, and I understand it's frustrating, but I'm a piece of garbage. I mean, it's true.
Uh, Gary in Illinois, you're on the air. Welcome. Hey, how are you doing Alex? I'm doing all
right, brother.
I'm 150% on the, all the guys side, man. Hey, check this out. My question is off the beaten
path here. You know, that place they found down there in the Ozarks and said, we're guessing
his crew went right. Well, anyway, I was wondering about, do you know maybe what they painted
them walls with? Could it be the same stuff that they used in the $20? Because it's no
longer a conspiracy theory.
Well we know that an NSA top guy has built a giant armored fortress and they've been
doing underground digging under it and hauling away tons of rock for and, and, and dirt for
three years. So they've got a large facility there and they flip out of you, get around
it. And, uh, I just want to apologize the last caller for that. It's my fault that's
coming. Uh, so I'm apologizing for the Ozark bunker. I'm being sarcastic. What'd you think
of the Ted Nugent interview? Pretty powerful.
Man, Ted, he's all the way. It's because of him. My eyes are open and Jesse and you, man,
I appreciate it very much. You know, I don't agree with everything Jesse Ventura says,
but, but he's a real guy. He loves Liberty. He says when the government turns their guns
in, I will. And it's the same thing with Ted Nugent. I don't agree with everything he says
or does.
You know, when he gets off into the Muslims and stuff, cause the globalists run all that,
but I'm trying to wake him up on that area and he is a listener of the show. Uh, and
so, you know, I'm able to then wake up all his fans by, you know, my whole deal is if
people are real and can be gotten to, to wake up and if they really want a better world
than I like them. But if they're fake cold blooded globalist, I'm their enemy. And so,
uh, that's what it comes down to. I love real people. Thank you so much, Gary overdrive
coming up. I'm going to come back with a Mac and Devon and Brian, and then Richard Reeves
is in here with some breaking information.
Thank you for listening to GCN visit GCN live.com today.
If you're listening, you'd know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day. If
you're listening, you know, the economy is not getting better. You know, gas and food
prices are skyrocketing. Now is the time to get prepared for years. We've told you about
our friends at E foods direct. They have the best tasting longterm storable food on the
planet. This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A longterm
food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you
need most be prepared and get your supply from E foods direct right now is the best
time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give
yourself peace of mind and be prepared Act now and call 804-095633 or visit e foods direct.com
slash Alex get free shipping on all orders for a limited time call 804-095633 or go to
e foods direct.com slash Alex, you can bet your life on E foods direct coast to coast
direct from Austin. You're listening to the Alex Jones broadcasting network network. Big
Brother, mainstream media, government cover ups. You want answers? Well, so does he. He's
Alex Jones on the GCN radio network. And now live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones. All right,
let's jam in a bunch of calls in this little short segment. Then we've got breaking health
news. Richard Reeves coming up. Very important information. Let's talk to Mac in Texas. Then
I got to talk to Brian who says ways to love the new world order. I want to get on a big
razor blade and slide down into a pool of alcohol. That sounds like loving the new world
order. Mac, you're on the air from Tejas. Go ahead. Hey, Alex. Hello. How you doing?
Good, sir. Welcome. All right. Hey, uh, finally, finally, uh, talk to you, man. I'm not kind
of feeling like people go through when they talk to you for the first time. I feel like
I know you. I've been, I only been listening to you for about two years, but you got me
fired up two years ago and I've been around Dallas. When I first heard about you and I
started doing research, I got a, I bought a hundred pack of those business cards and
I've been leaving them on trains and tasking them to people and taping them at schools.
And I've been putting dumper stickers all over the place. But the reason I called today
was two, two questions. One was, uh, you're not on Dallas anymore on 1630 AM, KKGM. And
the only way I can listen to you is on the phone. And I believe in my heart, it's really
important for you to be on, especially in this, in a city like Dallas, that is heavily
steep in the occult. We were on in Dallas, I don't know, like two and a half, three years,
and then they changed formats and that's just the way things like that go. Uh, and, uh,
it's just unfortunate that, uh, that it's, it's not the general manager, it's the guy's
father, uh, and, uh, you know, who owns stations across the country, I think. And also it's
not good to go on Christian stations and say that, you know, there's not that it's a post
tribulation rapture.
I mean, I'm just guessing what it could be, but that's just unfortunate. Uh, but the affiliates
come and go, you know, that's why we have the free iPhone app, the free droid apps and
the listen page and full words.com forward slash listen. Uh, and that's why we make the
films and that's why we have the YouTube videos and it's why, cause affiliates come and go.
I mean, I can't tell you how many times we become number one in a city, even on a small
station, we'll beat rush Limbaugh, uh, you know, in Rochester, New York or in, um, places
in Florida, like Orlando or, uh, you know, in places like San Diego. And then the station
just says, y'all you're, you're off. Uh, yeah, that was just a management decision.
Yeah. You see, being number one is a problem when you're telling the truth. Uh, and, uh,
they always say it's just get the highest ratings and, and you'll, uh, you know, you'll
be the top of the heap and that's not how it works. Uh, you know, you've got to be interesting
and get ratings and push what they want.
But notice Glenn Beck rush Limbaugh, all of them are having to more and more sound like
Alex Jones. You see, I'm not changing. They're changing and I'm going to completely force
through their audiences. That's my greatest success to the grace of God is that I now
hear myself when I tune into Glenn Beck, I now hear myself on rush Limbaugh. I now hear
myself on Michael Savage.
I now more and more the ideas of our guests, the callers, myself of real Liberty. We are
taking them over, not the other way around. Uh, and it's happening and, and, and, and
it's thanks to drudge report.com and other people that, you know, uh, really love Liberty.
And does it mean Drudge is perfect? Does it mean I'm perfect? Does it mean Roland Daley
is perfect as no, but you know what? We're pro private property rights. We're pro family.
We're pro gun. We're pro national sovereignty.
And we're getting down to the end game here for the globalist. And this is a life risking
event for me. I mean, make no mistake. I'm out of time. Uh, thank you. Caller. Uh, I'm
sorry, Brian, real quick. Tell me how to love the new world order. Go ahead.
Matthew five, chapter 33 says, you've heard it said to love your neighbor and hate your
enemy. I tell you love your enemy and pray for those who persecute you. Don't even, uh,
he says, what, uh, what reward will you get if you only love your own?
But Jesus also beat the money changers with a bullwhip with a cat or nine tail and overturned
their tables. He said, go buy a sword. It's all in the time. It's like when he turns the
other cheek, they were going to set him up and kill him. It was all teaching us. And
those that have ears to hear, we understand it that others don't. All right. Coming in
the seat right here at Richard Reeves state, stay with him.
Introducing pro wine, all of your filtration in one system, portable on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing technology combined
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics, advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your pro pure with
the new pro one filters today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139. As many
as 7.5 million Americans have psoriasis and many of them suffer in silence hiding their
itching, flaking and discomfort. If you're living with psoriasis, your new life begins
now when you call for a risk free trial of seroderm. Seroderm provides fast topical relief
of skin psoriasis. Seroderm helps to stop the itching, irritation, redness and flaking
caused by your psoriasis. Even if you've tried everything else, even if you've suffered for
years, imagine living without discomfort and embarrassment and without wearing long clothes
to hide your psoriasis. We're so confident you'll love your skin after using seroderm
that we're offering it risk free, but you have to call now. Just call 1-800-207-3483.
That's 1-800-207-3483. Try seroderm risk free. Just call 1-800-207-3483. That's 1-800-207-3483.
We travel so much and having a fake TV, well it gives added peace of mind. Burglars look
for houses that appear to be easy targets, but fake TV can fool even professional burglars
into thinking someone is home watching television. As a recent widow living alone, it gives me
great peace of mind to set my fake TV near a window and know that passing motorists and
pedestrians will think someone is home watching TV when I'm actually away from home. Fake
TV easily plugs into any outlet just like a light on a timer. And they're so easy to
use, you just plug them in and they're ready to go. Plus, they're so affordable that we
have one upstairs and downstairs. Fake TV is only $29.95 with free shipping. Order your
fake TV by calling 877-5FAKETV or go to FAKETV.com. That's 877-532-5388 or FAKETV.com. Fake TV,
the burglar deterrent. Ease the T-Rex of political talk. Alex Jones
on the GCN Radio Network. Welcome back to Infowars.com. I am your guest
host here, Richard Gries. What an honor and privilege to be thrown into the hot seat here
and welcome everybody for staying into overdrive. And if you missed the earlier hours of today's
show, make sure and catch the archive. Make sure and catch the repeats, the YouTube, the
archives of Infowars.com today. Alex Jones had a fantastic interview with Ted Nugent
on earlier today and it was just awesome. You'll definitely want to hear everything
they had to say in that interview. Folks, thank you for joining us. We are live still
in this fourth hour of overdrive and we've invited a very special guest on today with
us, Tom Chenault with Young Jevity, one of the big distributors with Young Jevity, also
part of our Infowars team as an honorary member of Infowarsteam.com. So we've got Tom on with
Skype on us and a little bit about Tom before we intro Tom is he's got his own radio show.
He's had the longest running radio show on the home business side of the home business
network side of the business. Tom Chenault has had the longest running home based business
show. I'm sorry, I got a little bit nervous there. But anyway, Tom has had a long running
show based about home business and he covers it like no other. I've heard his show many
times on GCNlive.com and he's covered this like for 20 plus years and plus he's been
a big distributor with Young Jevity now going on 15 plus years so he can really talk about
the ins and outs of the business. One thing that has prompted us to have Tom on and invite
him on is because the Infowars team has had so much interest lately from preferred customers
out there on Infowars team in becoming distributors. There are more and more people interested
in becoming distributors to learn about how to promote Infowars team and how to promote
Infowars health and get more products out there, more great health products out there.
So Tom has had the long running radio show. He was a great salesman of very highly successful
corporate salesman selling aircraft for the Beach Aircraft Company. So he's had a pretty
amazing variant jobs during his life, varying levels of career in his life. He also went
on to become a stockbroker during the dot com heyday of the 1980s. He got into network
marketing 24 years ago and was named one of the top 25 network marketers in the world
by the Multilevel Marketing International Association. He has the longest home running
base business radio show as I mentioned earlier and he's heavily involved in industry associations
in attempt to slow down and show that people that network marketing is an important and
profitable career. Folks, I've looked at a lot of business opportunities lately to see
what's out there competing with Infowars team and Infowars health. I know a lot of folks
have looked at real estate and things like that and I had an interesting comparison come
up with real estate where you can get leveraged and end up borrowing about $100,000 to leverage
a nice piece of property or maybe even a fixer upper nowadays, $100,000 gets you a fixer
upper and you may end up after you've gone all in and invested all your cash, you may
have an opportunity to have $300 or $400 cash flow after you've invested $5,000 or $10,000
of your own dollars plus put your credit on the line to the tune of $100,000. So when
you compare those opportunities like that as good as real estate is, let me tell you
folks I don't really want to knock real estate either because many, many millionaires have
been made in real estate. It's really amazing how many investors have really done well with
real estate but when you hear the opportunity that Infowars team, Infowars health deliver
above and beyond with way less risk and more opportunity, I tell you it really gets people
fired up. So without further ado I want to go ahead and introduce Tom Chenault. Tom are
you on the line with us?
I am right here. How you doing Richard Reeves? It's an honor to be on the show. I really,
really appreciate it.
Well Tom thank you for being willing to come on and as I stated earlier we just have more
and more people that are asking how do I become distributors. Is that a question that you're
getting a lot nowadays?
Yeah I hear it a ton and the reason is because it's the last house on the block. Everybody
expected so many things to be the solution to their problem whether it was 401k or their
job or whatever it is and quite frankly everything else is failing us and it's great to want
to buy real estate you know and I like buying real estate you know I buy gold, I buy silver,
I buy all that stuff but guess what it takes money to buy that and when your income's getting
cut back it's a little bit impossible to think about buying things that are going to create
residual income. You can't participate in an oil drilling program, buy a rental house
or buy gold and silver if you don't have excess cash and that's why people are flocking to
the InfoWars team.
Yes Tom I agree with you and we do get those emails every day. If you go to InfoWars team
InfoWars Health and you are a preferred customer and you want to see about becoming a distributor
just check on there on those websites InfoWars Health, InfoWarsTeam.com and you will find
an email there. Catherine at InfoWars Team she can help you and take the steps to upgrade
from preferred customer and distributor. There's the website right there. By the way the InfoWarsHealth.com
product order line in case you don't have a computer it's 1-888-789-9277, 1-888-789-9277.
But Tom we got a little bit ahead of ourselves you know we started talking about how many
folks really are jumping on board into becoming distributors of the products but one of the
main reasons that's happening is because of this Clemson study that just came out here
in early January of 2013 the Clemson study came out where they're talking about two of
the keystone products of Younggivity and InfoWars Health, InfoWars Team are the Beyond Tang
Tangerine and the Ultimate Classic and it showed how in multiple situations with the
cancerous colon cells, cancerous liver cells, cancerous stomach cells, cancerous breast
cells that these two products are really reducing those numbers of cells and so this Clemson
study really has prompted an influx of more interest into the company. Tom can you elaborate
on that?
Well it's one of those studies that wasn't paid for by the companies you hear about especially
you know it's ridiculous that you take a look at the pharmaceutical companies that fund
all these studies and end up obviously getting paid big, big money and that's how they keep
us sick and this is a whole different conversation. Clemson did not get paid to do that study
on the Beyond Tang Tangerine and the various Younggivity products. They chose Younggivity
because they wanted to test something that was already generating great results and all
you need to do is call somebody or email somebody over at the Alex Jones Team, InfoWars Team
and you're going to be able to get a copy of that Clemson study where you can read with
your own eyes exactly what was said by them about these products. I mean I don't make
product claims, never thought about doing that. All I can tell you is if you can read
you're going to say to yourself I have got to have my loved ones and myself on these
great products. That study is that much of a testimonial.
Well folks I'll tell you I personally joined on the InfoWars Team back in January 2011
when Alex first started promoting InfoWars Team and that was in January 2011. He had
Doc Wallach on his first interview there during that time and I signed up right away and I
joined up as part of the team and I've been getting some variant of the Healthy Star Pack
ever since and I'll tell you it's really, really been great and the number of testimonials
that I hear from preferred customers of InfoWars Team all the time are amazing. As a matter
of fact I remember about a year ago, a little over a year ago we went to Dallas and did
a live event in Dallas and Alex spoke at the event there at the Lakewood Theater and I
remember during the Q&A that there was at least one person, there were several people
with testimonials for the InfoWars Team products. There's quite a few testimonials but one in
particular that I really recall that he credited Alex in bringing forth these products to his
awareness as saving one of his relatives' lives. I mean that's how great these products
are and how helpful and beneficial they have been to a lot of people that this person stood
out there and said you saved and I don't remember which of his relatives he said but he said
you saved their life with you bringing their awareness about the need for supplements,
the need for nutrition and bringing these products on board and aware to the InfoWars.com
public and audience. So it was really a powerful statement that night and Tom I'm sure you
hear a lot of those testimonials as well.
It's constant. You know the neat thing about building a home-based business around a product
that is this emotional is you hear stories like that every day and we are so nutritionally
deficient as a society out there that anybody that gets out there and starts drinking the
Beyond Tangy Tangerine or any one of the Young Jevity products, they're going to notice immediate,
immediate results and it's going to be exciting because we are starving to death. There's
no nutrition in the foods. There's no nutrition in the soils. So they've got to go someplace
and Dr. Wallach and Steve Wallach, the team behind Young Jevity, I am telling you they
have delivered a product line that just anybody can sell and that's the exciting thing about
being involved as a business building Young Jevity rep. You've got the ability to sell
and get paid on a product that's far better than you are a salesman.
Tom, I couldn't say that any better and you always have a great way with words on those
type of things. One of the things that you want to talk about were the reasons for the
stigma behind network marketing. Why do a lot of people have kind of a negative view
on network marketing? What's caused that over the years? You've been involved in this industry
for many years. Give us a breakdown on that.
I've got 25 years in the industry and it is really, really an unbelievably great industry
that you don't ever want to tell anybody in the past that you were involved with and the
reason was because there was a predecessor company called Amway out there. Great company.
They're doing billions of dollars a year but they just literally sneaked up on everybody
on the planet. So everybody's afraid of being one of those kinds of guys and I'm telling
you, you don't need to be one of those kinds of people. You've got a product that you can
absolutely scream from the rooftops with us but the reason people failed wasn't that.
The reason 99% of the people fail out there is because they didn't have the team support
and the cool thing is with the InfoWars team, the training is in place. It's literally automated
and all you need to do is get in the system and do what the InfoWars team people teach
you to do and you're going to start building literally overnight. It is exciting.
Tom, I tell you, it is exciting. We're about to go to break. We've got one more segment
left with Tom Chenault. Folks, stay tuned. We'll be right back.
Hello, I'm Alex Jones. Myself, my family, the InfoWars.com team want to relay to you
and your families that we are intensifying our efforts against the globalist on every
front. InfoWars.com is leading the fight against the technocrats but we can't do that without
your help. By getting the films, bumper stickers and t-shirts at InfoWars.com, you will wake
up people in your area and support our operation as we move to the next level. We need your
help to spread the word like never before. They wish to hide themselves during this tectonic
battle between the forces of freedom and darkness. You are the response to the globalist technocrats
and their program of global eugenics dehumanization and ultimate extermination. The war is here.
It's an info war. The spirit of 1776 versus the mindset of 1984.
Attention men, if you're urinating more often or waking at night to urinate, we want to
send you a free bottle of Beta Prostate. Beta Prostate is our best selling supplement made
with a natural ingredient that supports healthy urine flow and more complete bladder emptying.
It's also been shown to reduce waking at night from the urge to urinate. To find out how
to get your free bottle, just call 800-607-6984. Since Beta Prostate debuted, our warehouse
has shipped over 2 million bottles. But there are still men who have yet to discover this
amazing supplement. That's why for a limited time you can try a full 30 day supply of Beta
Prostate free. You only pay shipping and handling. This free Beta Prostate giveaway is only available
while supplies last. And once it's gone, it's gone. Just call 800-607-6984. That's 800-607-6984.
Call 800-607-6984. Hi, this is John O'Toole with Midas Resources
Gold and Silver Company. We have all heard of Rand Paul warning of an imminent currency
crisis as a result of reckless spending on Capitol Hill and endless wars overseas. But
what are we doing to prepare for it? China, India, and numerous other countries are buying
up gold and silver by the ton because they know what's really going on. Don't you think
it's time you do the same thing before it's too late? Call me, John O'Toole, today at
1-800-686-2237, extension 133, and find out why gold and silver have been the true safe
havens for over 5,000 years. That's 1-800-686-2237, extension 133. I'll send you a booklet highlighting
10 reasons why gold and silver are the only way to preserve your purchasing power. Again,
that's 1-800-686-2237, extension 133. Guys, you've heard about ageless mail, the
natural supplement that helps boost testosterone levels within normal healthy ranges. But now
the best testosterone product is even better. New and improved ageless mail can help you
feel more like you used to in your active life and in your romantic life. Because our
upgraded formula has been clinically shown to increase your drive, desire, and performance.
That's right, guys, ageless mail has been clinically shown to boost performance. Cancel
your plans this weekend, you're staying in. If you're ready to recapture the drive from
your youth, now is the time to try ageless mail because it's available risk-free. But
you must call now. Just call 1-800-501-0876. Be the guy you used to be. Just call 1-800-501-0876.
That's 1-800-501-0876. 1-800-501-0876.
Welcome back, folks, to The Alex Jones Show and 4Wars.com. I am your guest host, Richard
Reeves. And once again, I want to thank Alex Jones for plopping me in this Attila the Hun
T-Rex of political talk chair here. It's a pretty scary thing to try to think about.
But anyway, here I am. And we've got Tom Chenault, our special guest. We're live. This is our
last segment today, March 26th of 2013. And make sure and tune in to the earlier hours
of The Alex Jones Show today. He had a great interview with Ted Nugent. Pretty awesome
show there for I think they went on for about an hour and a half. So don't miss the earlier
three hours of the show today. Make sure and catch one of those archives and tune in.
All right, we've got Tom. And Tom, we've only got about five minutes left here before we're
going to wrap up the show. And one of the questions I'd like to ask you is what exactly
is a professional network marketer?
You know, somebody that takes this business really, really seriously. You've got Alex
Jones out there and he is creating a cause. He's got a mission and the guy works nonstop
and supporting him with infowarsteam.com and going out there and talking about this nutrition,
taking our health back, taking our money back and taking our time back, take some training.
And the way that you do that is you become a professional network marketer. And the cool
thing about that is, is the systems are in place already at infowarsteam.com. We just
need people for the chairs. And if you'll just jump in and call Catherine or call Richard
or call Alex and just say, I want to learn a little bit more about what it is you're
talking about, about being a professional network marketer and leading a team on this
cause called Better Nutrition, More Time, More Money. I'll tell you what, we'll train
you. We'll teach you how to teach people how to do this business because this isn't one
of those things where you're jamming something down the throats of your friends and family.
We're going to train you to deliver a professional message to people that lets them understand
exactly what's at stake if they don't do it, which is loss of time, loss of money, loss
of health. And we're going to get you involved with the products and we're going to get you
involved with this cause and you're going to help Alex Jones, you're going to help Richard,
you're going to help Catherine and you're going to help a whole lot more other people
help themselves. And we'll teach you how to do that. That's the simple short story.
That's really the key simple short story. Some of the folks, one of the folks got left
out and you're going to be helping Doc Wallach especially on his mission. He's been on this
mission to help get people on board with their health for 20, 25, 30 years. He really is
on the cutting edge of getting things figured out why people are obese, why people are sick,
why people are tired. And he's really getting that dialed in. Doc Wallach's mission, Alex
Jones' mission. Folks, when you get on the board with Infowars team and Infowarshealth.com,
you are helping Alex Jones and Doc Wallach. And don't forget with Doc Wallach, he's gone
against the FDA six or seven times. Tom, how many times against the FDA?
It's too many to count and who he is. If you really want to describe Dr. Wallach in language
people can understand, he could be described as the Alex Jones of nutrition. He is not
afraid to look anybody in the eye and state what he believes to be true no matter what
the consequences. We need more people like him on this planet. And when we meet a message
that needs told, Alex's or Dr. Wallach's, we need to lock arms and tell that story.
And that's why I'm on here today is to try to help find some leaders to help us kick
this message out to the world. So yeah.
And Tom, fortunately more leaders are arising out of the ranks of Infowars team. We want
to thank all y'all out there that have been on Infowars team for more than two years now
and Infowars Health in the last six to eight months. Those organizations are both growing
very rapidly. And folks, I want to let everybody know also, those of you that have been active,
we've got the convention coming up May 2nd, 3rd, and 4th. Get a chance to meet Tom and
Doc Wallach and a whole host of folks. Mary Lou Hender is going to be there. Who all else
is going to be there, Tom, during the convention?
How about Ben Fuchs? How about Dr. Peter Glidden, Dr. Wallach, the whole management team? I
mean, it's Theo Ratliff, the basketball player that's on the show a lot. I mean, it's going
to be over the top. And you're going to get to actually meet and all the team. I mean,
you take a look at the Laura Chigaras and the people that are inside of your team right
now, it is amazing how many great people that have come together to spread the cause of
Infowarsteam.com. I mean, it is crazy. And all you need to do is plug in, get to Las
Vegas, and it'll be a blast. Tom, we've got about 30 seconds left. What would you like
to close out with? I'm just telling you, if you do nothing else today, go to Infowarsteam.com.
Send them an email. Tell them you want to explore the possibility of becoming a team
leader for the Alex Jones, Dr. Wallach message. Thanks, Richard.
Tom, thank you so much for coming on. Folks, don't miss the earlier three hours of the
show with Alex Jones and Ted Nugent, a very powerful program. And make sure and tune in
tomorrow to Infowars.com, and follow Tom's advice and visit Infowarsteam. Talk to you
all later. Bye-bye.
The Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
