Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Alright, jamming in some more calls. Mike in Wisconsin, thanks for holding in on the
story. Hey, Alex, good talking to you. First time caller, I'm a CCW cardholder in Wisconsin,
concealed carry permit. Sure. And I just want to call and thank Sheriff Clark and you for
standing your ground. Isn't he a great guy? I mean, he's just normal, reasonable, pro-America,
pro-freedom person. Wouldn't it be great to have more people like him in government? And
that's basically why I'm calling. We need somebody like him to run for governor of Wisconsin.
He comes across as being, like I said, just like you said, he's honorable. He comes across
as smart and smooth and a constitutionalist. That's exactly what you need. Yeah, he's honest.
And, you know, the people have his back because the Constitution has ours. You know, if he
can't get in as a governor, he can always, you know, push, maybe fund together the old
sheriff's posse again. You know, I have people are trained with CCW's volunteer because where
I'm in Wisconsin, it's all volunteer like fire departments or that everybody volunteers
their time and they're proud of it. Aren't volunteer firefighters great people? I know
so many of them. And they're the type of neighbors. You can just ask them to help you do anything.
They're all excited about it and love doing it. And they just love going out and they
get killed all the time, working for free to try to help people out. And then when we
had a big fires out in Bastrop, mainly because the feds wouldn't let anybody cut some dead
wood and some forest.
But we had a drought and they were they would keep the volunteer fire departments. Most
of them have been able to go out there and help people. And FEMA said, you're not real
firefighters, even though they drive the trucks and fight the fires and everything. It's just
unbelievable because they don't want real volunteerism. They want fake federal volunteerism.
Exactly. They don't want people being responsible for themselves and their communities. You
know, forget what the mainstream media says about you. You know, you've been right about
everything. I've been listening for three, four years. I actually got turned on to you
by Glenn Beck mentioning you. And I'm like, who's this Alex Jones guy? Was it a nice thing
Glenn Beck said? No, it happened to be FEMA stuff with FEMA camps saying those don't exist.
Oh, man, you know, because I started listening to you and then he got onto that. But he'd
mentioned before. And like I said, the more they mention the mainstream media, the more
people see that this is like a false reality that's being projected on them.
You know, maybe that's what's a bummer about Glenn. I mean, the fact that they're training
for civil unrest, it's in the Army Times and that they've got the Emergency Centers Act.
I mean, it's I sent Glenn all that stuff is what made me mad. My listeners did because
he hyped for a month he was going to. We expose all that in police state for the rise of FEMA
and he got up there and used fake FEMA camps to then discredit everything.
And I even predicted that. I don't want to get into a Glenn back bashing fast, but thank
you so much, Mike. Glad that glad you tuned in. Yeah, we're not right about everything,
but we try to be right when we try to be accurate. And that's a big difference.
I get names wrong. I get things backwards sometimes. We all do that. You know, sometimes
I step off the front porch and fall flat on my face. We were filming something the other
day and I just spilled. I think it's on camera. We were shooting a video in there and I got
up to do something and just fell right overdue.
He was walking. I tripped over his back leg. I think that's on tape. Something pretty funny
because I went flying across the floor. I mean, we all make mistakes. The difference
is I'm not trying to lie to you. OK, you've got my word, my commitment. I'm trying to
really tell you what I believe to be the truth. But our all fallible Robin Mass last caller
got about 45 seconds. Hello. Hey, buddy, go ahead. Hey, how are you doing? I'm over here
in Springfield, Massachusetts, and it's one of the largest cities in New England.
We had a pretty devastating tornado that came down right here in Main Street.
And, you know, I had heard about some things about Bill Gates doing weather modifications
and things and that. Yeah, no, he funds billions in it. Yeah. The area that was devastated,
there's some pretty big corporate interest that's being pushed. They want to put some
casinos and things like that in there. Yeah, I noticed they've been saying and they're
not going to rebuild. Only big corporations can. That's a telltale sign. But, you know,
there's naturally bad weather. But Al Gore says, you know, bad weather is the reason
to pay him carbon taxes. I'm sorry. I'm out of time. Retransmission is coming up now with
the audio streams and info wars dot com. Don't forget to subscribe to the free podcast.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These all natural soaps
are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are Earth friendly and
safe. See them on the Web at five star soap dot com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soap for all your cleaning
needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the
way real soap makes you feel. See them on the Web at five star soap dot com or call
800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers. The prognosis for the entire planetary
economic system runs from bad to worse. The globalist model is to shut down societies
and starve patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover. That's why we've assembled
the most vital and important preparedness items at info wars shop dot com. These are
items that I did research on that I personally use. We've got the life straw so you can turn
fetid water into safe water anywhere you go. The Ktor hand crank generator to charge up
key equipment during power outages are out in the field. Strategic relocation, third
edition by Joel Skousen. When disaster strikes by Matthew Stein, they're safe used by Homeland
Security to protect yourself during any radiological event and crank shortwave AM FM radios. Everything
that we've researched and found to be the best is available at info war shop dot com
and your purchase makes our info war possible. We're getting prepared. Are you info wars
shop dot com? You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a
home security system and you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out simply
safe. It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to
get simply safe dot com. Simply safe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power
so even if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable so you can use
it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed. Get simply safe dot
com. Simply safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes. So
there's no need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you
can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home, but simply
safe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again,
that's get simply safe dot com.
Ladies and gentlemen, it is Monday, the 18th day of February 2013. I am your host Alex
Jones and we are going to be here today as we are every weekday 12 noon to 3 p.m. Eastern
11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Central. I am your host Alex Jones and our country is being swallowed
and colonized by private fraudulent Ponzi scheme manipulating systems that are carrying
out massive fraud against the American people and the people of the world.
And they are establishing a classical police state with an overlay of high tech control.
They're announcing drones to surveil everyone, checkpoints on the highways, billions of
bullets, warrantless wiretapping that they denied is now open, secret arrest of citizens
that torture is good, that foreign military runs the Pentagon. Just unbelievable off the
chart type stuff is being thrown in our face.
And at the same time, the establishment collaborator globalist media is running around claiming
that none of this is happening or if it is happening, we're discredited for not liking
it. Now, remember, while all of this was being shut up, the establishment said none of it
was actually happening.
Now that it's all being rolled out against us, they're saying it's happening, but that
it is a good thing. Now, you'll remember last week, a CNN panel said Dorner's alleged murder
spree was exciting like a Denzel Washington movie. And on a CNN show called Reliable Sources
that routinely attacks yours truly with the main head of the program being Howard Kurtz,
the so called reporter.
We're gonna play several clips today of these guys. They say that I have legitimized Dorner
as a killer. Now, you know I have been critical of Dorner from day one, and you know this
is 180 degrees of what I've actually said. We're gonna play this clip coming up. And
then I'm gonna play CNN on one of their panel shows, one of their pundits, actually saying
that Dorner's like a superhero exciting like a Denzel Washington movie.
Those are quotes. So they go out and say this, and then blame yours truly. And it's the same
thing with a whole bunch of publications, not just Atlantic Wire, saying that infowars.com
and Alex Jones said that the United States attacked Russia with kinetic weapons when
DA14 came by. And I believe some of the spurs of the stone meteorite came into the atmosphere.
We said the opposite and wrote articles and did video reports saying that it was a hoax.
And then it turns out that major publications came out and said that we said the opposite
of what we said. There was an AP article, what, Saturday, that ran in newspapers all
over the country and was picked up by Fox News, CNN, you name it, all reported on it,
saying that I basically made up 1.6 billion bullets.
And they say, well, the conspiracy theorist says this, it's true, sort of, but not really.
And then never say I'm wrong or never give the proof, just list the 1.6 plus billion
bullets, but just say it's no big deal. Man, that guy got caught lying. He said he saw
a red Volkswagen parked in his driveway and there's the red Volkswagen, isn't he discredited?
You're like, well, but the red Volkswagen is parked there. I know, isn't he discredited?
That Alex, he said the sun would come up this morning and did you see it came up? Man, he's
really discredited. I mean, their propaganda has now reached cuckoo for Cocoa Puffs level.
I don't even get it, it's so bad. And that's why CNN on average has about 108,000 viewers.
Their top shows on average have about a half million like Piers Morgan, just because of
the time slot it's in.
Just about 12, 13, 14 years ago, you can look it up, Larry King had 10 million viewers on
many nights, 10 million, 10 million viewers. And now they have half a million. And so just
keep it up guys, keep it up saying Alex Jones supports Dornan. We're gonna play that clip.
Alex Jones says the US attacked Russia with a meteorite or some kind of kinetic weapon.
Never said that, said the Russian government, some of their members of their parliament
were saying it, other Duma and I thought it was not true and I thought it was a piece
of a stone meteorite.
And more pieces have come in over Florida, California, Cuba, I guess that's the same
chunk they saw in southern Florida, and a bunch of other places. And now California,
did I already say California? And I predicted you'd have spurs around it because that's
standard for a big asteroid.
And I said, I believe this is all natural and normal. And I'm clear and no one in my
staff wrote an article, no one in the crew wrote an article saying it was a conspiracy
theory. We wrote articles picked up by DrudgeReport.com, which then got picked up by the site Zite,
this was one of the top stories in the country that day, they follow trends.
And CNN actually linked to it and then demonized it and said, look, Alex Jones, that's another
CNN, I forgot, I saw that clip last night, I forgot to even send it to the guys. I can't
even keep track of this anymore. I mean, it's MSNBC, CNBC, CNN, Fox News demonizing yours
truly.
Saying things about us that aren't true, now I've got all this world news, how the mega
banks are engineering the collapse, how we can get out of this, how Obamacare is meant
to bankrupt people, how the payroll taxes have gone up on the poor, how Obama broke
his promises, how he wouldn't raise our payroll taxes, on and on and on.
All of this is going on. And it really freaks me out, I'm gonna be honest with you, that
I'm just here who's studied history, studied the globalists, read their own publications,
I know their plan, it's public. They operate like you don't exist, and they put it all
in publications.
But they're all thick, lengthy, foreign affairs and Club of Rome and Princeton and MIT and
Davos papers, EU papers, British Ministry of Defense papers, Pentagon papers, Rand Corporation
papers. And I read this stuff and it's just all public, how they put poison in the water,
how they put it in the food, how they wanna feminize men, how they're giving us cancer,
how they're gonna break up the family, how they're gonna have three mega regions.
And I just can't take it anymore, I mean, it really gets to me, folks. And I get really
stressed out because I have all these brainstorms and I wanna get up here on air and warn you.
And then I get up here and I spend most of my time, I'm not complaining, it's just the
nature of it, just trying to run my operation and manage everything. And I got a great crew
puts up with my crap.
And it's just so real for me, okay? I mean, I can't go to a place and eat chicken wings
and drink beer and have a good time anymore, most of the time. I can't unplug from this
because I know there's a scientific technocracy that's published thousands of times what they're
doing to me and you.
And I read stuff they wrote 100 years ago and 50 years ago and 20 years ago and five
years ago and a week ago, all admitting what they're doing to us. And it's a fact, it isn't
my opinion. And they think you're so stupid, maybe they know something I don't know, I
don't think you're that dumb, that they get up there and say, we said the meteor was the
US government.
And we made up 1.6 billion bullets, but I told the truth. He's a kook, but it's true,
but it's a kook. And I'm saying Dorner's a hero. I mean, this is sick, this is sick.
And what's happened is people wonder how Nazi Germany could get so crazy, or how Soviet
Russia could get so crazy, or Maoist China, or Pol Pot's Cambodia.
And it's done by increments what we'll put up with. The corrupt, the insane, the out
of control, get us to put up with more and more. And now they're like, yeah, we torture
people. Yeah, we'll secretly arrest you. Yeah, we're running checkpoints. Yeah, we're gonna
legalize all the illegals.
Yeah, we give $85 billion a month in just one form of payment to foreign banks who then
just destroy the money. They're not even paying off their debts, they just wanna hurt us.
And they just take the money and then disappear it. It's not even used to prop up their own
derivatives, that's already been written off by them. And they wanna make us poor and here's
where they set it.
And Maury Strong, a post-industrial world, Al Gore, CNN, depression is good for the Earth
cuz it lowers the carbon footprint. Austerity is a good thing, except for them. And it's
so frustrating that they'll sit there on CNN and say, Dorner's a superhero because he's
an anti-gun person and an Obama supporter.
And then they'll spin it back around the next day. This is Friday and Watson just found
the club, it's going up at infoawards.com, and it really freaks me out. Not that they're
even going after me, the fact that they're trying to discredit me right now. First they
ignore you, then they attack you, then you win.
Of course, that's sometimes, first they ignore you, then they attack you, then they assassinate
you. They're trying to assassinate my character, and if that doesn't work, folks, they will
set me up. But don't think I lose in that, okay? I win by engaging the enemy.
But just understand, these are dirt bags, okay? These are people who work for foreign
mega banks who wanna destroy this country and our future and disarm you and take your
pension funds. And by the way, that's being announced now. And they are sitting there
cold-bloodedly put on these shows because they will make outlandish statements like
I support and I'm helping Chris Dorner kill people.
I'm gonna play that clip coming up. That's how stupid they think you are. And let me
tell you something, the media whores, the globalist prostitutes over at CNN, let me
explain something to you. Your butt's hanging out in clear view of everybody, okay? This
show that did this has a couple hundred thousand viewers, a literal shadow of its former self,
because only the dumbest of the dumb are watching you and believing you.
And I guess that's why you've tailored it down to them saying Alex Jones is helping
Chris Dorner. Alex Jones is creating a climate like this. This guy was a statist, out of
control Obama worshiper and you say I spawned him?
Your freedoms are on the line. The Second Amendment is in danger. How soon before your
freedoms are taken away? What can you not live without? What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns? Is it your home? No, it's food. It all boils down to the food supply.
Tyrannical governments control people by controlling their food supply. Don't be dependent. Be
self-sufficient. Don't wait for the government to feed you, feed yourself. I can warn you
but I can't feed you. Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from e Foods Direct.
It's the best long-term, storable food on the planet. Get the popular Mega Patriot Pack
free, a 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot and fuel. Call 800-409-5633 or go
to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot Packs free with purchase.
Build your food supply, be in control, be self-sufficient and be a patriot. Call 800-409-5633
or eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get your free Patriot Pack today.
Is this the year you finally get serious about your family's drinking water? If so, keep
listening for a special offer from Big Berkey Water Filters. Did you know that over 60%
of municipal water is fluoridated? Berkey water filters distinguish themselves from
many other filtration systems with the capability to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine,
fluoride, arsenic and disinfection byproducts from municipal water via the Black Berkey
and PF line of filters. Then there's affordability. At only 1.7 cents per gallon, Berkey water
filters purify treated and untreated water, even stagnant pond water. Stop and think how
much money you could save by simply reducing buying bottled water and using water filtered
by your Berkey water filter. No need to be constantly replacing expensive filters with
a Berkey. A single set of filters can last for 5 to 10 years. Choose the best size Berkey
for your needs at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com. And right now, all GCN listeners get 5% off
all ceramic filter systems. Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY. That's 877-99-BER-KEY or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
Free shipping on every order over $50. Big Berkey Water Filters, for the love of clean
water. HempUSA.org has a revolutionary wonder food for detoxing the body and rebuilding
the immune system. Micro Plant Powder can help unclog arteries and soften heart valves
while removing heavy metals, virus, fungus, bacteria and parasites. Plus it cleans and
purifies the blood, lungs, stomach and colon. Keep your body clean with Micro Plant Powder.
Visit us at HempUSA.org or call 908-6912608 today. Hi this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever
wondered why banks, stock workers, investment advisors want to talk about gold IRAs? They've
been available since 1986 yet the financial industry won't recognize the value of gold
for your retirement. Gold is outperformed paper investments yet no word about IRAs.
If you would like to have gold for your retirement call 800-686-2237. Don't get left behind by
rising inflation and low returns call 800-686-2237. Secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
Is your immune system under siege? Allergies and crippling immune diseases are on the rise.
Vaccines, radiation and GMOs lead the charge against your health. Fortunately, health conscious
consumers are enlisting the help of RNA drops. RNA drops turn on the signals and switches
in virtually every cell of your body to activate what science calls your junk DNA. RNA drops
provide you with the ammunition you need to win the war on disease, pain, depression and
decline. Hear hours of testimonials from people just like you at RNAFreeSample.com. That's
RNAFreeSample.com and order a free one month supply of RNA drops. Pay only shipping and
handling at RNAFreeSample.com or call toll free 888-577-3703. That's 888-577-3703 or
visit RNAFreeSample.com.
We are back live, ladies and gentlemen. The establishment media always likes to phrase
socialist and collectivist as the renegades. But in truth, the mega rich in the last 150
years have always funded on record the socialist to be the renegades to collectivize wealth,
to make sure there's a big centralized government that can easily be bought off and controlled.
Generally because the globalists financed the revolution and then if the centralized
government doesn't play ball, they can simply pay off officers of the system under that
dictator to take them out. That's why the globalist favor a centralized authoritarian
system.
And that's what Carol Quigley wrote in his seminal 1100 plus page book Tragedy and Hope
while at Georgetown working for the Council on Foreign Relations and the Bilderberg Group.
By the way, we sell the book at Infowarshop.com. If you're a reader and actually want to read
how things work, how their plan was to make the left and right look different each election.
But in the outcome, there'll be very little difference, so they own both candidates.
Okay, let's stop right there. If you notice up at DrudgeReport.com right now, it talks
about massive increases in the price of gas in the last 32 days. It's been rising straight
51 cents on average nationally, two months in a row.
And the question is, why is this happening? The dollar is being devalued. That's why 15
years ago fuel was what less than a dollar a gallon and now on average it's almost $4.
Some areas it's as much as 599. If you also look at DrudgeReport.com, everybody's favorite
news site, right in the middle column red linked, Homeland Security advances plan for
public safety drones.
And that is one of our top stories I'm gonna get to after media demonization in the next
segment. And it's simply Paul Watson writing about Homeland Security announcing what we
wrote about a year ago. Was it actually back in February of last year, we shoot another
story on this.
We wrote about Homeland Security announcing the plan to launch 30,000 drones in the FAA,
$46 million of funding by the year 2020. Phasing them in starting in 2013 and how they were
already using drones to arrest cattle rustlers in North Dakota and using drones to surveil
coal power plants and other things.
And so we wrote an article, Kurt Nemo wrote an article, so did Paul. And the media came
out and said there is no drones, there are no drones, Alex Jones is insane. Of course,
it's always Alex Jones is insane, or Alex Jones is a conspiracy theorist making this
up.
It was Kurt Nemo and Paul Watson just writing off the Federal Register and announcements.
I mean, that's where we go get the news. Okay, let's go see how many more 100 million bullets
they bought. Okay, they bought another 100 million two days ago. We missed that, we'll
write an article. This is not rocket science.
And then they come out and say it doesn't exist. And the reason I'm covering this is
on a scale of one to ten, maybe five, six years ago was about a two. Now the attacks
are at about a nine. Every day what they call the mainstream news, the media whores reading
off teleprompters, get more crazy.
And I predicted this last week, I said, they will blame us for donors somehow. And they
will say that we are conspiracy theorists, just using that term. That we are conspiracy
theorists for saying that the police said burn that mother effer down, burn that house
down.
Okay, we placed the burners, okay, they're on fire. We have a fire, good, mission completed.
Those are quotes, mission completed. Okay, we have the burners, we placed them, we've
ignited them, they're on fire. We have fire, there is a fire. The walls are collapsing,
mission accomplished, that's the full quote.
Mike Adams had an article over the weekend at naturalnews.com saying, how do you know
if you're in a trance or not? And it's a test. You watch this video, you hear them say all
this, six different videos now saying similar things.
And the media tells you, you didn't just hear them burn it down. I mean, this has reached
total complete delusional levels. And sure enough, sure enough, they've come out and
said they didn't burn it down, and that I made it up, and that that AIDS donor. We're
gonna play that clip coming back in the next segment, and then we'll get into all the other
news. But this is the type of over the top bizarreness that we're talking about.
And the thing is, it's getting worse. And people that are acclimated and have gotten
where they've accepted, they'll buy anything now. They'll go along with anything. It's
incredible. I mean, it's like telling a three year old Santa Claus exists and they believe
it cuz they trust you.
But you see, there's less and less people that trust CNN and MSNBC, which are absolute
merchants of deception. And they think you're idiots. We're gonna play those clips when
we come back. Stay with us.
We're on the march. The Empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new Aquamedics advanced media for removal of fluoride
and other heavy metals, all in one filter element. It is the only one that does it.
And out of the gates, we have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine. Hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at info war store dot com or by calling 888-253-3139.
You may be arrested and or subject to other police action. Tyranny is here. The grim future
foretold in 1984 has become reality. It really says that the state is God. The United States
is now recognized globally as one of the most oppressive police states on earth. This film
conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps now being expanded nationwide.
This documentary exposes how the continuity of government program has established an all
powerful shadow state. Police state four chronicles the sickening depth to which our republic
has fallen. Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship, body scammers,
sound cameras, citizen spies, stage terror and cameras on every street corner. It's only
the beginning of the New World Order's hellish plan. The police state isn't coming. It's
here. Secure your copy today at info wars dot com or see it online in the highest quality
at prison planet dot tv. Your freedoms are on the line. The second amendment is in danger.
How soon before your freedoms are taken away? What can you not live without? What is your
greatest dependency? Is it your guns? Is it your home? No, it's food. It all boils down
to the food supply. Tyrannical governments control people by controlling their food supply.
Don't be dependent. Be self-sufficient. Don't wait for the government to feed you. Feed
yourself. I can warn you, but I can't feed you. Do Like Alex has done and get a supply
of food from e Foods Direct. It's the best long term storable food on the planet. Get
the popular mega patriot pack free. A 24 day supply of food plus stove, cook pot and fuel.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to e foods direct dot com slash Alex and get up to 20 mega patriot
packs free with purchase. Build your food supply, be in control, be self-sufficient
and be a patriot. Call 800-409-5633 or e foods direct dot com slash Alex and get your free
patriot pack today. I got a star on my car and one on my chest, a gun on my hip and the
right to arrest. I'm a guy who's a boss on this highway. So watch out what you're doing
when you're driving my way. If you break the law, you'll hear from me. I know I'm working
for the state on the highway patrol. All right, Alex Jones here back live. Thank you for joining
us.
So Lauren Ashburn of the Daily Beast is on CNN and she says, well, you know what? And
you know, the problem here is what's backing up and making Dorner a hero is not CNN. Two
days before on Wednesday, this was Friday, one of their pundits saying, you know, the
guy's turning into a hero. We're gonna play that clip in a moment. Now, this woman from
the Daily Beast or Buzz Bissinger comes from, I guess that's the division of Newsweek, isn't
it?
Yeah, yeah. And he's over at BuzzFeed. They contributes to them saying I should be shot
on Piers Morgan. And then the daughter of Ambassador Huntsman agrees and says, ooh,
Piers, you can wear a uniform, baby. And he's like, ooh, yeah, I will. I mean, what a bunch
of weirdos. Somebody says, we ought to shoot Alex Jones. Yeah, you could wear a uniform,
Piers.
Yeah, I could. I mean, what weirdo? Who has that on the top of their mind? Yeah, you could
wear it. See, they get off on the power of the state, putting on the power of the state.
These are status, these are sickos. The last thing if I was talking about killing somebody,
I'd do is A, talk about killing somebody. And B, I wouldn't say, I'll wear a uniform
to do it. I'm gonna kill somebody. I don't wear the uniform of righteousness and self-defense.
And it's not something I'm happy I have to do. But I will do it with as much proficiency
as I can.
And I certainly am not gonna talk about it, Buzz Bissinger, but that's because you don't
have the will to kill people. You want the police and military to go out and bring in
your tyranny and do it for you, the useful idiot of the New World Order. You better hope
the New World Order doesn't come in, you little Prozac head. He admits he's on a bunch of
topics. He says he's mentally ill now to defend himself while he wanted to be killed.
See, he's so crazy, he doesn't want anybody else to have guns because he's so neurotic
and weird, he doesn't have any control. I'm sorry, I'm ranting. So I've got AP, I've got
Atlantic Wire, I'm a conspiracy theorist about the bullets. Not that they're buying them,
I'm just still bad to be worried about it.
The arms build up. And I said that the US attacked Russia. I didn't say that, I said
that that was a conspiracy theory and made up and it looked like a stone meteorite to
me. We wrote articles clearly debunking it, doesn't matter, just say we did it. And continuing,
we've got CNN saying I supported Dorner, and I'm helping make him a folk hero, we're gonna
play that in a minute.
Well, they're the ones two days before actually saying that. And the guy is an Obama supporter
on record who believes only the government should have guns, but he's out kidnapping
and killing people. And the problem is we'll never know if that's 100% true, even though
it looks like it's a real story, cuz who would come up with something like that that discredits
the system?
You can tell when something's scripted, they have the script day one, this script was all
over the place. A lot of other points, but they burned him alive and said they'd burn
him. And so I'm aiding him because my lying ears and lying eyes saw them and heard them
say they burn it down. See, common sense is the enemy. It's like Rod Serling wrote that
Twilight Zone episode, The Obsolete Man.
And they call him in, and the guy's a librarian, they're getting rid of books. And getting
rid of knowledge, that's what centralized systems always do in their final phase is
logic is an enemy and truth is a menace. And that's what Rod Serling wrote, and it's true.
I remember watching The Obsolete Man when I was a little kid in Dallas, and they had reruns
on TV. And Rod Serling fought in World War II, he was a commando, and he was a patriot,
he was anti-tyrant.
Now I've gone back and pulled up old news articles with Rod Serling criticizing tyranny
in the US. Just a great guy before he died of lung cancer. And he saw coming a million
miles away what I saw 1,000 miles away. What I saw 20 years ago and got involved politically
and got on air 17 years ago in 1995, now I guess a little more than 17 years ago, almost
18 years ago.
Rod Serling saw it a million miles away, but I guess not really cuz he'd been in the middle
of it and experienced it in Europe, like my grandfather did. And then I saw the tyranny
1,000 miles away, and now the tyranny is in our living room. And it's sitting on us and
people are like, well, I can learn to let it sit on me.
Folks, it's not gonna sit on you forever. It's gonna eat you like a cave troll eats
a hobbit, like a piece of mutton. We've got to get these people back in the box. We've
got to get control of the situation. We've got to get them to back down and back off
because I'm here to tell you, I've studied tyrants, I've studied history.
They're not going to make it. They're not gonna get this done the way they want, okay?
Nine times out of ten, tyrannies end up taking over, but then wanting to dominate everything.
The same control freak instinct that got them into power is what undoes them. Because now
they're in power, they should just sit back and lay back. But see, they don't wanna do
that. They want control of everything.
They wanna impoverish people because it makes them feel good. They don't want the wealth
just to be comfortable and to be able to do cool things and create things and help others
and see their ideas manifest. That's what's fun about wealth. If you're a good person,
they use wealth as a tool of control and they don't like seeing you having it.
Intellectual wealth, physical health wealth, spiritual wealth, sexual wealth, they don't
like it. They don't like it, they don't like it, they don't like it. Sleeping beauty, the
evil queen, the witch queen up on the mountain tops, got her own palace, her own servants,
but she's unhappy.
And she doesn't like watching the little happy kingdom down the hill, down the hill in the
valley with all the happy people and all the good things. It sounds like nails on a chalkboard
to her. And so she comes down there to show poison and to show pain and to put the spirit
of liberty and the spirit of ingenuity and the spirit of renewal into a deep sleep.
But it takes a prince who's willing to ride into the dark forest and face the dangers
to kiss beauty, to kiss liberty, and to reaffirm the covenant and to release the spirit of
creation. God is there waiting, but God is not like the destroyer, the devil, the deceiver.
God gives us free will. We have to choose to hear the voice. And then we have to go
on the quest. See, all the children's fables and parables are actually allegories to real
life.
You must first conquer yourself, and then you must conquer the New World Order. The
entire Bible, but all cultural history is about the individual who is good, not wanting
to stand up, not wanting power, but having to stand up and having to take power from
the evil to defeat it. And that's where we stand. We've got to get up off the couch,
get off the porch, move over, little dog, the big dogs coming to town.
In fact, we have that Hank Williams song somewhere. Can we come back out on the next break playing
move over, little dog, big dog? I forget the name of the actual song. We've actually got
it in the computer. But we have to realize we're the big dog, and we have to act like
the big dog because the little dog knows he's the little dog, and he doesn't like a big
dog.
You're like, well, I'll let the little dog run things. Little dog don't want you to just
sit there. Little dog wants you dead. Little dog wants to run you off a cliff. Little dog
isn't gonna sit there looking at you much better than him. Little dog wants you dead.
You get that straight? Big dog gotta act like big dog. Big dog gotta be big dog, or big
dog gonna be dead dog. You got that?
Move over, little dog. Big dog's coming in. It's either big dog or it's tyranny under
little dog. You either be the big dog or you live under little dog. And little dog wants
to do one thing, piss on you all day. Excuse me, I just only waited to break that down,
ladies and gentlemen.
Does it make sense? And I hear an amen out there, all right. All right, listen, it's
a real sign of desperation, CNN. And again, I don't normally, we're in the news every
day, newspapers, TV, but maybe one out of 20 times I actually cover stuff. The website
covers stuff about half the time, but I rarely cover things about us.
By rarely, it's pretty much every couple of days, but it's rare one out of 20 times or
so to cover it. It's just coming to such a head right now. It's coming to such a head
right now that we know we're hurting them bad. And we know CNN and MSNBC are official
White House mouthpieces, so is Media Matters, and they are just savaging yours truly.
They're savaging things like drugsreport.com because they know that's what's hitting them.
They know out of the whole spectrum of resistance that what's really finding the chink in the
armor, what's really finding the missing scales on the belly of this snake, are people that
just call it like it is.
You're a bunch of paramilitary thugs, wannabe thugs trying to get our military and police
to act like that. A bunch of globalists trying to conquer us. And the fact that my talking
points, which are just the truth, the historical prima facie open truth, are now making their
way into other publications, other talk shows.
Paul Craig Roberts had an article last week about it. It already happened here. The tyranny
did come here. He had another article out today with America, a colonized country by
the globalist, by the mega banks. And again, it's not just Paul Craig Roberts. It's hundreds
of other shows I hear, I run into on talk radio.
It's media. I mean, really, people are starting to get it. I hear people in restaurants talking
who don't even know who I am about, you know it's the mega rich that are actually trying
to shut things down to take over and consolidate it. I'm starting to hear that all over the
place. And it's game over for the occupiers when people figure out, hey, why are we paying
85 billion to foreign banks, not even our debt every month?
But then we're being told we got to raise our taxes to pay off debt that didn't ours.
As soon as that begins to happen, it's game over, folks. And as soon as people don't believe
the system anymore, it won't matter if the globalist nuke a city and say patriots did
it. No one's gonna buy it. No one's gonna line up and go along with it. See, they're
losing their hoax power.
And they're listening right now. This is freaking them out that we know they're killers. We
know they staged Fast and Furious. We know they staged other events. We know they're
running Al-Qaeda in Libya and Syria. We know they killed the ambassador to cover up the
missile shipments.
We know, we know, and they're like, what do we do? This crazy Texan will just tell it
like it is. He doesn't care if we kill him. The truth is I absolutely do care. I don't
wanna die. I love life so much. But I'm a lot more concerned about you guys winning
and hurting a lot of innocent people than I am about my own life.
But that's why I get so angry at you. And that's why I'm asking listeners to get angry
at these people. These are usurper criminals running all over us in our face and they're
a joke. They're a fraud. Now let's start going to these clips. Here's the first one. CNN
pundits says Alex Jones turned Dorner into a hero.
And they're talking about the piece two days before were one of their pundits. CNN panel
Dorner's alleged murder spree, exciting like Denzel Washington movie. They're saying he
was wrong to say that. So they're backtracking and then they spin it and go, well, it's Alex
Jones saying they burned him up. He's the one making Dorner a hero. All I'm doing is
hearing six different tapes, different feeds, different tapes.
We played through four of them. We gotta play all six where they're like burn that house
down, burn down the house. Okay, bring the fire. Okay, we've got the burners. Okay, they're
in place. Okay, there is fire. Okay, walls collapsing, mission complete. I mean, that'd
be like if Humvees were pulling up to a house shooting and they said swing those 50s around,
take out that house, take out those shooters.
They kill the shooters and then go, we didn't shoot anybody. They're like, what are you
talking about? I mean, it'd be like if they said shotgun formation and called out the
plays and you saw the shotgun formation. You didn't just see a shotgun formation. I mean,
they talk to you. I know I keep marveling about this. It's so amazing. And to know that
I predicted it, not because it's hard. It's so elementary how they attack because they
know their audience.
Only the dumbest of the dumb. Suspended disbelief, rubes, suckers, idiots, morons, smucks, marks,
fools, twits. What's other words for just totally stupid, gullible, useful idiots, willfully
ignorant, pathetic losers, begging to be conned. I just don't understand the religion of being
conned and reveling in your ignorance.
Let's go to the clip. What's this idiot's name again? You remember everything, CJ. Yeah,
Lauren Ashburn. Professor, no, no, no, we're not gonna pay Professor Mark Lamont first.
We're gonna play singing in pundits say Alex Jones turned Warner into a hero. Okay, let's
go ahead and play that clip right now.
Just briefly, Kelly, I've got to have a minute or do we in the media? Are we giving too much
attention to his views when he is a mass murderer?
Look, I believe that the media always gives too much attention to the criminals and not
enough attention to the victims. I mean, how many of us can actually name, say the full
first and last names of the people that were victims of this man?
And that's a tragedy. And I think that's the failure of the media. But the thing I will
say that I think is a larger story here, Howard, is that these types of stories really feed
into the sort of paranoia of the fringe right of the people of the Alex Jones of the world.
When you have this whole debate about the audio that I know that has been covered about
whether or not the LAPD had planned to burn this man out.
And unfortunately, that's what sort of gives credence to people to say, aha, see, I told
you so. The mainstream media and the LAPD, they're not giving up the full information.
That's what gives credence and credibility and makes heroes out of people like Chris
Warner. That's the tragedy of the way this was covered, I believe.
All right, Kelly Goth and Will Kane, very lively discussion this morning.
Yeah, that's Kelly Goth saying that. So the fact that my lying eyes and lying ears saw
and heard them over and over again say, burn him up, burn the house down, and then they
do it. And their answer is, listen, you're a conspiracy theorist and you're helping Dorner.
When it's CNN and another panel with the Daily Beast people saying things like this, let's
go ahead and go to the clip from two days earlier on CNN.
Chris Dorner is like watching Django getting revenge or Denzel Washington movie. Here it
is.
There's no waste here, though. I mean, this has been an important public conversation
that we've had about police brutality, about police corruption, about state violence. And
there were even talks about making him the first domestic drone target. I mean, this
is serious business here. I don't think it's been a waste of time at all. And as far as
Dorner himself goes, he's been like a real life superhero to many people.
Now, don't get me wrong, what he did was awful, killing innocent people is bad. But when you
read his manifesto, when you read the message that he left, he wasn't entirely crazy. He
had a plan and a mission here, and many people aren't rooting for him to kill innocent people.
You know what? Yeah, they're rooting for somebody they see as going after corruption, was what
he wanted to say. You can see the video up at infowars.com. But the point is that if
you see a cop beat somebody and then you criticize it and get fired, that's wrong. Sue, go to
the media, whatever, didn't do any of that.
Do you believe the official story? And then you go out and you shoot somebody's daughter
that's not even in the police force to get at them? Man, that's as low as it gets. And
I got criticized, massive criticism, not really from our audience, but some of the YouTube
people and others were like, how dare you side with the pigs and things like that.
You know, I don't just demonize a whole group and say they're pigs. I demonize bad behavior
because it demonizes itself. And the system wants a divide and conquer. They want the
police against the people and the people against the police. They don't want us waking the
police up. They wanna have this civil war.
But just because he was an Obama supporter, then it's okay to kill cops. I guarantee you,
if one of my listeners killed cops, well, they tried to blame me before when some guy
who hated me, some white supremacist killed cops up in Pittsburgh within hours of the
shooting.
They blamed me and it turned out the guy hated me. And within two hours of having his computer,
they said, well, he visited Infowars. It was Alex Jones' fault. Again, why do they wanna
frame me? Why do they wanna set us up? More of these clips straight ahead. We'll get into
DHS, Advance's plan for public safety drones.
Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advance manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new Aquamedics advanced media for removal of fluoride
and other heavy metals, all in one filter element.
It is the only one that does it. And out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off
with promo code water. This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides,
herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form
of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro Pure with the new Pro One filters today at infallwarskstore.com or by calling
888-253-3139.
Fall in love with food storage savings this February at beprepared.com. Going on now,
beprepared.com saves you over $300 with a premium 1600 one-year supply, including 126
cans of freeze-dried and dehydrated food. Or get the new gourmet 14-day food supply
with a full 2,000 calories per day with pre-planned menu. Stroganoff and noodles are 20% off with
purchase of six or more. Mountain House pork chops are back in stock at 34% off. Pack your
own low-moisture foods with our new do-it-yourself super pale combo on sale at 22% off. Add to
your preparedness with minor surgery kits at 15% off. And wool-blended blankets are
only $11.89. The February fall in love with savings sale ends February 28th at beprepared.com.
For contents and details, visit beprepared.com or call 800-999-1863. The choice is clear.
Be unprepared or beprepared.com.
Time and time again. You need to come here and help us. We need assistance. Please. Those
we should be able to depend on let us down. Federal and state and local officials saying
help is on the way. Well, the folks here in Bell Harbor say show me. Don't depend on the
government to save you. Take action now so that you're prepared for the next disaster
with mypatriotsupply.com. Get the best prices on storable food, non-GMO seeds, water filtration
devices, home canning equipment, survival and self-reliance books and more at mypatriotsupply.com.
Call 866-229-0927.
We are hurting down here and we need help immediately.
Before it's time to survive, it's time to prepare. Mypatriotsupply.com. Mypatriotsupply.com.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Show.
Came in last night at half past ten. That baby of mine wouldn't let me in. So move it on over. Move it on over. Move it on over. Move it on over. Move over little dog cause the big dog's moving in.
She's changed the lock on our front door. My door key don't fit no more so get it on over. Move it on over. Scoot it on over. Move it on over.
Move over skinny dog cause the fat dog's moving in.
We are back live. There's Hank Williams, the legend.
This doghouse here is mighty small but it's better than...
Doghouse? It's one of the new houses in San Francisco or New York where they're going to tax you at such a rate you can only live in a doghouse size Gena 21 home.
I want to get to this other clip. I never played this because I didn't see it. There were literally probably 30, 40 shows on CNN alone where over and over again,
they demonized me after Piers Morgan but the same show, reliable disinformation, reliable fraud, excuse me, reliable sources by Howard Kurtz.
He's the main host and I guess producer of the show, the head honcho.
They played clips of where I'd been on Piers Morgan and then went on to imply, oh, I'm discrediting.
We shouldn't even have people like him on but it's discrediting and he doesn't represent the gun owners.
Why would they have me back on if it's so discrediting?
The truth is, is that it discredited them and just said, look, you want the guns. Stop saying you don't want them.
And it shows though how they're all about dictating reality. They say what's credible.
They control the strictures of reality. They sit on the mountain like Moses and they give out the law and then CNN said Alex Jones is a kook and a 9-11 truther.
All I ever pointed out is NORAD stood down and the government brought the Al Qaeda members in and protected them and that was in mainstream news, just like they run Al Qaeda today.
I said that 9-11 is being used to take the public's rights not to fight Al Qaeda.
That's what I said. But let's go ahead and play the same reliable sources that says that I'm promoting Dorner.
Total lie. You know it's a lie. They don't source anything. They just lie to you thinking you're stupid.
Here they are yet again and so we're discrediting these fraudsters. Here it is.
How did Piers Morgan handle Alex Jones?
Badly. The question really is, did anyone at CNN or on Piers Morgan's show ever see or hear Alex Jones before they booked him on the show?
Why do you say badly? He let him have his say and Alex Jones, all his views were on display.
He got steamrolled. Piers Morgan thought he was going to have an Oxford debating style debate about gun control.
You really think so? Well, he kept saying it on the air, as a matter of fact, and Alex Jones doesn't play by those rules.
Piers Morgan always interrupts. Alex Jones is a monologist. He will go on and on and on.
Right, but what Piers Morgan said, he's interviewed on CBS.
Yeah, monologuing on your lies.
He says that you expose the ridiculousness, in his view, he's an advocate on this issue of gun control, the ridiculousness of people like Alex Jones by putting them on the air, letting them rant and rave.
He said this has been viewed five million times on YouTube. It certainly has gotten a lot of attention.
That's right, and it's been great for Alex Jones. I'm sure that his ratings on his radio show will go up tremendously as a result.
Not really.
Go ahead, Kelly.
Can I disagree a little bit? I actually would say that if you're examining this as a contest between who got to say more words, then yes, Alex Jones won.
If you're examining this as a contest between who came across looking more sane, then Piers Morgan won.
And I have to say I've heard from a lot of people who aren't Piers Morgan fans, who never thought he was sane before, who say begrudgingly like, I'm mad at Alex Jones because he made me have to defend and like and cheer for Piers Morgan for once.
All right, that's enough. That's good.
We're going to play more of it later after I get into the main news and take your calls. There's a bunch of other news, but they tried to put that spin out.
This just credits them, but then now they don't want to air the clips anymore. They don't want to have me on because I called their bluff.
Our forebears went and shot and killed people that tried to take their guns.
They rode down the street saying, get your guns, start killing people.
Now I get up there and I say, hey, you want our guns? Don't lie.
They've introduced all the legislation. Stop lying. You want the guns?
I'm like Paul Revere, but Paul Revere totally wimpy, not saying kill people.
I'm like, hey, wake up. You're a fraud. It did wake people up. Now we're winning the gun debate.
That's a big part of it, calling it like it is.
This is GCN, the Genesis Communications Radio Network.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our immunity and health.
At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection of silver-based products.
Our most popular silver-based products are the 32-ounce nano silver solutions,
our 2-ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well as our all-natural silver soaps.
Just released is our 100% natural silver gel.
Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface.
But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera
to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more effectively.
Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver-based products are best for you.
That's www.silverlungs.com.
Breaking war on corruption, Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups.
You want answers? Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Well, you've got to love CNN and reliable sources.
That's like saying P.T. Barnum is a reliable source or Bernie Madoff or Ken Lame or Ponzi or Ted Bundy.
Reliable sources says that it's a conspiracy theory the police didn't burn down Dorner's cabin.
And it supports Dorner to say they did.
That's good psychology. You're a cop killer. You support a cop killer if you don't buy known liars.
You know, I've been saying this forever.
And now here it is, the London Guardian.
Guantanamo trials plunge into deeper discord as confidence in court wanes.
These are kangaroo courts that aren't real courts.
And the U.S. military is preventing a real defense even on top of that in the kangaroo court.
Amazing. And they've got a bunch of drugged up puppets in there who had nothing to do with 9-11.
People like Khalid Sheikh Mohammed who confessed to bombing buildings that weren't built till four years after he was arrested.
That guy was in custody like eight years before he started confessing.
And they bragged, yeah, we brought his kids in to torture him. He finally broke.
He said he'd say whatever we wanted.
And again, I think you're so dumb.
Yeah, we brought his kids in to torture him. He's got little kids and he got so freaked out.
He said he'd say whatever we wanted.
They put that in the newspaper like, oh, good, we got that terrorist.
They're like, yeah, Alex Jones admitted whatever the crimes are where we execute him.
Yeah, we threatened to torture his kids and he did it.
We're the good guys, by the way.
I guess some people are so dumbed down, they're like, well, don't you torture?
I mean, don't the good guys torture?
Scientists create six cents brain implant to detect infrared light with rats.
We're going to be getting into all that.
That's just some of what we've got here.
I haven't even gotten into this.
This is really old news for our audience.
But again, it's not about, oh, we're in the news.
It's about look at how they lie.
Remember last year?
There's no plan to launch drones domestically in Servalia.
Man, that Infowars.com and that kook Matt Drudge at DrudgeReport.com
carrying that filthy tabloid trash of Infowars.
Man, they're lying to you about bullets and about drones and checkpoints and TSA.
We'd never do that to you.
There's no way we'd do that.
How dare them?
And now they're in the news announcing it again.
And we're saying we don't like it and we think it's a bad idea.
So they'll be like, how dare you, you crazy person?
None of that exists.
Why don't you tell us more lies?
How media rights were fired by America at Russia, you conspiracy theorist.
What does the Atlantic Wire say?
Our executive analysis is Alex Jones will be Alex Jones.
There he goes again saying America fired the meteorite.
I mean, what a kook.
Readers, aren't you glad you read the Atlantic Wire where we tell you the truth.
You know, we lie and make stuff up.
You think it's so stupid.
I guess the Atlantic Wire will be the Atlantic Wire.
I mean, how do they get away with this stuff?
I guess they've got readers that like to read kind of college educated.
You know, they're with their little computer in the morning having tea before they go subscribe.
Ritalin and Prozac to 300 kids, you know, sending their psychologist.
Oh, look at the crazy.
He thinks they're getting bullied.
So he said they fired a meteor at Russia.
He thinks torture is wrong.
Oh, what a kook.
Look, that article they had in the Chronicle last week with a letter to the editor they published.
It was, you know, Alex Jones with his magazine free out of businesses.
And what's shocking is the magazines are actually staying there now six months.
You know, they've been accepting him six different issues.
And, you know, he'll say we're conspiracy.
You know, government was take his rights away.
We don't need to have his magazine on the streets.
What's next? Obama wants your free speech, you kook.
Yes, we think you shouldn't be able to publish that.
And we think it should be taken off the streets.
But you're also conspiracy theorists are thinking we're authoritarians.
It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, molds and fungus can inflict severe damage in the human body.
Fortunately, a new and vastly improved silver solution has been developed.
Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary broad spectrum antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin.
Supernatural Silver is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers using a patented technology that is highly effective against colds, flus, infections, food poisoning and yeast in addition to many other pathogens.
Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe and is the number one choice of thousands of people for immune system support.
Find out how Supernatural Silver could change your life.
Go to SupernaturalSilver.com and use the promo code healthy for 20% off.
That's SupernaturalSilver.com and like us on Facebook.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms.
If you have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to GetSimplySafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed.
GetSimplySafe.com.
SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes so there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home but SimpliSafe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com.
GetSimplySafe.com.
I'm Alex and get your free Patriot Pack today.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are now into our number two.
Thank you so much for joining us today.
I'm going to go over some of our top stories and then get the number out and take your calls.
Some of the headlines at Infowars.com. We've got to defend ourselves.
CNN pundit Alex Jones made Chris Dorner a hero.
You have heard us from day one say that if he indeed did this, he is a monster of the highest order.
You never target people's families as supposedly retribution for a cop beating somebody up.
Two wrongs don't make a right. You don't go kill people's children.
Media blames Alex Jones for meteor conspiracy theories.
You know, we don't normally cover ourselves even when the Piers Morgan thing happened.
We didn't talk about it that much.
We've been forced now. They're saying we said the US government attacked Russia, Atlantic Wire and others.
Incredible fabrications.
When my entire crew, none of my writers, everyone, said it was a stone meteorite fragment from DA14.
More of them have been seen coming over California, Florida, Australia, you name it, Cuba.
We're on record. Many of you heard the show Friday.
There's full archives of it in the podcast.
Video archives at InfowarsNews.com and PrisonPlanet.tv, YouTube.
I mean, at a certain point, I'm not really a litigious person, but, you know, to soothe CNN for saying I made Dorner a hero and that I'm supporting Dorner when I said the opposite.
I mean, at a certain point, you've got to illustrate what they're doing is defamatory.
And they're doing this desperately now.
I mean, I'm getting attacked by CNN every couple of days and it's always whole cloth made up.
So they're saying AP is basically saying I'm making up the one point six million bullets, but then admitting it's true.
And that's been circulated in literally hundreds of newspapers, conservatively and on Fox News discovered it.
This is all the last three days.
They're saying I support Dorner. You know, that's a fraud, total fraud.
Of course, they don't play a clip either.
That's always a telltale sign. People say something, but don't show proof.
I say Obama promised not to raise any taxes under a quarter million dollars, no payroll tax, whatever.
I have the clip. In fact, I want to play that again later. Will you cue that up, please? Thank you.
If I say that Dianne Feinstein said that if she could have all the guns banned, Mr.
and Mrs. America turn them in, I play the clip.
You know, if I say that the White House science are said something, I tell you what book he said it in.
Ecoscience said, you know, put sterilants in the water.
See, you go to info wars dot com article or prison planet dot com article.
It's new radically filled with links and videos, new radically.
When you look at New York Times, CNN, do you ever see links? Almost never.
They just tell you, Alex Jones.
And this, by the way, was on CNN to CNN, Atlantic Wire, a bunch of other publications that I said the U.S.
government attacked Russia with a meteorite or a kinetic weapon.
Where did I say this? Didn't put articles out saying that was disinformation.
They say I said that, and again, it isn't about Alex Jones.
They know that we represent what's left of America. We understand the globalist.
We know their game plan. We have millions of listeners. We're growing exponentially.
They want to assassinate our character with the average Sally soccer mom.
That's who watches CNN on average, about one hundred and eight thousand viewers.
Total shadow of itself. But still, it has authority with some bumpkins.
And they also take CNN clips and the derivatives of it actually get seen on other shows.
So that's where their real audiences and online, their YouTube audience, their Web audience is probably bigger than their TV audience.
Yeah, we'll play that Obama clip in a minute. Not yet. Thanks.
And so all of this is going on.
And remember last year, they said there is no plan for DHS to launch drones.
Infowars.com, Kurt Nemo, Matt Drudge of DrudgeReport.com.
This is this is last year. In fact, I was telling the two articles on this this morning.
Paul Watson did one. DHS advances plan for public safety drones.
That's a quote. And we're linked to the Homeland Security's.
Press release at the wrong button. Let's go back to enforce its link to their statements.
OK, now, last year we said this, but it got picked up in the news.
A lot of farming associations got concerned because they were surveilling farmers.
And so they ran hoax articles saying.
Again, as we first reported last July and then there's the link to it.
And they came out and said we were making it up, it didn't exist, even though we were sourced.
OK, so Wired magazine's reporting it.
And of course, they're linked to the government announcement.
And DHS is announcing it. The Federal Aviation Administration is announcing it.
We have links to all of that, but guaranteed, look at the next week, because the story is going big right now.
That they'll come out and say, I'm crazy, there are no drones and you may see one fly over your house.
You didn't see that, just like black helicopters.
People would call me when I first got on air in 95, 96 and say, man, they're doing urban warfare drills down the street from my house, I have footage.
And they'd send me footage and I'd put it on my local cable show and the local paper call up and say, you claim there's black helicopters.
You claim you have footage. I'd go meet with the newspaper reporter, go, here's the footage, here's the town, here's even the local newspaper reporting on it.
And they write an article saying Jones is completely insane, it doesn't exist.
Remember the New York Times four years ago at Bilderberg covering Hillary and Obama there, showing footage of the Secret Service, all of it?
Later admitted they were there, years later they admitted it.
The New York Times came out and said that I was having a full-on schizophrenic event.
It was in a New World Order film review for the film New World Order that aired on the Independent Film Channel that covered it.
And they imply in the film that, well, was there people meeting there that shows the red carpet, the national anthem's being played.
I mean, we hid in the hotel and got thrown out and shot the world leaders arriving.
And the New York Times said I was in the forest by a Marriott having a full-on schizophrenic event imagining black sedans.
Now, folks, that's how dumb the New York Times thinks you are.
I know I'm off on a jag on this today, but you have to understand this propaganda is targeting the part of the population that is in a full-on mind-numbed medical trance.
And it's mainly intelligentsia yuppies that think they're real smart and have a couple college degrees and back groceries at the local store because they can't get a job in the globalist economy.
But they can sure go to the local coffee shop and drink tea and read the newspaper on their iPad and make fun of me.
Because I've been around them, I've seen it.
And it's all about, you think the drones are getting me, you think the government's evil.
Well, they just secretly arrest and torture people and are taking down all these countries and putting al-Qaeda in them to blow up all the churches and synagogues and engage in the ethnic cleansing of the blacks and all this stuff.
And, you know, yeah, the government's pretty darn bad.
I mean, look at all the things they're doing.
Eighty-five billion in taxpayer money given to foreign banks every month.
I mean, you know, we're on the road to collapse.
I'm like, sure we are.
Oh, I bet you're hiding.
I bet you're scared.
And I'm like, well, actually, I'm not.
All right, look, I'm going to give the number out to take your phone calls.
The toll-free number to join us is 800-259-9231, 800-259-9231, and we'll get you up and on the air here today.
What's happening is it's like I own a restaurant, hypothetically, and my restaurant's got better food, doesn't mean it's perfect, but it's better than the rat-dropping filled, asbestos-lined, rotting hulk with roaches walking around at high noon on the countertops.
That's CNN, that's MSNBC imploding a joke, discredited, race pimping, total frauds, globalists run it.
And in my restaurant, it's got the parking lot full.
And so they're parading around telling people there's rat droppings in my food, but everybody's going inside not finding rat droppings.
And they all know that the real rat droppings and the mousetraps on the counter are across the street.
And that's what you'd expect from people that are going under the water, people that are about to drown, people that are falling apart, people that are complete scams and hoaxes and frauds.
And that's what you get out of them, a rotting facade, a scam.
And so the fact that they're going into pure lying shows you that they're going beneath the waves.
But it doesn't matter, they still control the government, they still control the false flag events, they could still stage more fast and furious to blame the Second Amendment, they are very, very dangerous.
800-259-9231, we're going to first time callers, by the way, I wanna give first time callers a chance to get involved on air, I should add that, 800-259-9231.
A few of our regular callers got through, that's fine, they're the first on the board, but I want first time callers right now, ladies and gentlemen, to give them a chance to join us here on air.
And I've got big economic news, I've got Guantanamo fake trial news, I've got just a lot of other important news we're gonna be getting into today.
And we have a sheriff joining us who's been on Piers Morgan and he's there in the county that Milwaukee's in.
And I wanna get him on, in fact, there's so many clips of him, he was on most of the hour with Piers Morgan.
I wanna find the clip where the mayor of Milwaukee's on going, you can't comment, you don't respond to real events at homes.
The sheriff goes, well, of course I do in the county, but not in the city.
The mayor says, you can't respond, this is how they deceive.
And Piers Morgan's smiling while the mayor does it, ooh, this guy can lie good like me, ooh, it's so good.
By the way, I talked to the gun shop owner who was there while Piers Morgan was openly down there a few weeks ago going, all right, this is how we're gonna lie.
I mean, they just think we are so stupid.
But the point is, is the mayor's on there with the sheriff of Milwaukee County, the county that the city of Milwaukee's in.
And he goes, you can't comment on the guns cuz your officers, your deputies don't respond to homes, and don't respond to crimes.
And then he adds, in Milwaukee, knowing most people are so dumb now, they don't know the difference between city and county, that in the county they respond to homes.
And the sheriff goes, that's ridiculous, of course we respond to homes, and we respond to things on the edge of the city, to homes.
See, they knew full well, but again, lying to the audience, that's what the mayor was doing.
So we're gonna talk about that as well, it's all coming up 800-259-9231.
I can warn you, but I can't feed you. Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from eFoods Direct.
It's the best long-term, storable food on the planet.
Get the popular Mega Patriot Pack free.
A 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot, and fuel.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot Packs free with purchase.
Build your food supply, be in control, be self-sufficient, and be a patriot.
Call 800-409-5633 or eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get your free Patriot Pack today.
Hello, this is Ty Bollinger, author of the bestselling book, Cancer Step Outside the Box.
I want you to know some very important information.
In 1985, President Ronald Reagan requested that Carnivora be sent directly to the White House at a time when only the president could obtain this world-class healer.
Now, 27 years later, Carnivora capsules are used around the world to keep people healthy.
Now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in this age of superbugs with 17 naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal cells only without harming a single normal cell.
If you want to stay healthy, now's your chance to literally wake up your critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders that don't belong in your body.
Call 1-866-VenusFly or order from Carnivora.com. That's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A dot com.
That's 1-866-836-8735, 1-866-VenusFly or visit Carnivora.com.
Protect your immune system. It's the only one you've got.
Naggin constipation, hemorrhoids, or painful bowel movements?
Have you considered your toilet posture?
The colon needs proper alignment for faster, more effective elimination.
And that's exactly what you'll get with a Squatty Potty.
Not a cleanse or a pill, the Squatty Potty is a healthy step in the right direction.
It's doctor-recommended and starts at just $34.95.
Call 855-628-1099 or go to SquattyPotty.com, spelled S-Q-U-A-T-T-Y Potty dot com.
Squatty Potty, healthy colon, happy life.
Hi, this is Ted Anderson.
Have you ever wondered why banks, staff workers, investment advisors won't talk about gold IRAs?
They've been available since 1986, yet the financial industry won't recognize the value of gold for your retirement.
Gold has outperformed paper investments, yet no word about IRAs.
If you would like to have gold for your retirement, call 800-686-2237.
Don't get left behind by rising inflation and low returns, call 800-686-2237.
Secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
Digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins.
That bears repeating. Digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins.
And Pro-EM-1 daily probiotic cleanse is the key to digestive health.
Pro-EM-1 is a powerful liquid probiotic, strong enough to cleanse, gentle enough to use every day.
Pro-EM-1 is dairy, wheat, and soy-free, contains all natural and certified organic ingredients,
contains no preservatives or animal products, supports a healthy digestive and immune system,
supports weight loss, improves absorption of food nutrients, aids in controlling yeast infections,
is never freeze-dried, and uses three groups of live, viable beneficial microbes to cleanse and remove toxins.
Order Pro-EM-1 daily probiotic cleanse at Tereganics.com, spelled T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X.com, Tereganics.com.
Or call toll-free, 866-369-3678. That's 866-369-3678.
Pro-EM-1, the raw probiotic.
The sheriff's department has jurisdiction over our freeways, over the airports, over the courts,
but it's the police officers, not only in the city of Milwaukee, but in the 18 other municipalities that respond to these calls.
And to have a sheriff basically imply that it's not going to help you to call 911, I think is irresponsible.
I mean, Sheriff, listening to the way that you phrased yourself in that ad, the kind of Hollywood voice you put on,
the deep tones, making it all sound terribly exciting and dramatic, it sounded like some kind of John Wayne movie.
How on earth does that kind of rhetoric to the American people serve any kind of sensible, rational purpose?
Well, first of all, I object to the Hollywood voice. This is the way I talk.
This is my voice and that ad was recorded at a studio.
But let me get back more to your point.
First of all, as it relates to the mayor, the mayor is completely wrong.
I'm the top law enforcement agency in Milwaukee County and we are a full-fledged law enforcement agency and we respond to everything.
But that's not the point because citizens could care less.
That's Sheriff David Clark who's joining us in the next hour.
I want to go to some of your phone calls right now, then we'll get into Chicago police chief.
Second amendment is a danger to public safety and they have a California police chief.
We have a clip at a gun grabbing meeting press conference saying guns are not for self-defense and are never used for self-defense.
I said with FBI statistics that crime was down 21%, but I was only going from 2007.
It's accelerated since 1991 fbi.gov and we've shown these statistics over and over again.
The guys can find them in the computer, you can throw them up.
It's down 49% violent crime directly relatable to increase in gun ownership.
So just amazing to see this type of garbage going on.
So that's coming up in the next segment as well.
Seth in Louisiana, you're on the air, go ahead.
Hey Alex, how are you doing?
Good buddy.
I was just wondering if you heard about Phillip Marshall back on the 6th.
He shot his two children, his dog and himself.
Yes, we do know about that and he was involved in all sorts of black ops and things.
And had exposed globalist criminal involvement in 9-11 in a book.
And then had a lot of other national security info.
I don't think they wanted him to leak.
And so their favorite way to take you out is to kill your wife and your children, your dog, everybody with you.
And then blame it on you posthumously.
And I just want to say I will never do that.
Never even enter my mind in a trillion years.
I've never even touched my wife.
And so that is even in my universe.
But that's one of their favorite ways to do it.
There was a state senator in Georgia, a great lady, she called me a week before and said,
we have the bombshell info, the proof, the government documents that they put out.
Select releases through the federal government of what type of children they want grabbed for the elite through CPS.
And so they put bounties out and she goes, I'm ready to come on in about a week.
And I had her on several times.
I forget her name, it'll pop my head in a minute since you mentioned this.
And her and her husband reportedly suicided each other.
And then I think there was a fire involved that covers up fingerprints.
I mean, just come on, come on.
I mean, in a million years, folks, I would never do that.
My wife wouldn't.
It's total bull.
The hitman comes in, they shoot you, they kill you.
God forbid your kids are there, they kill them.
And then they set you up.
In the case of the DC Madam, they wrote a suicide letter.
I did what the police wouldn't do.
I called the condo manager in Florida, who it turned out had been her friend.
She told me about that off air.
She lived there for a decade or more.
And I said, well, you send me her lease.
Well, no, I talked to him.
He said, this isn't her handwriting on the news because it was a scanned copy on the news.
He said that isn't her handwriting.
I said, well, send me her lease.
And he sent me the lease and then request letters for things when she was out of town,
directions about her plants and things for the condo she owned.
And she said, guys are following me, I'm getting threats, things like that.
And then they murdered her.
And she was on my show a month before they killed her.
And I said, look, you better either give them all the info back and tell them you're not
gonna blow the whistle on them.
Don't try to, quote, get your good name back.
I said, either release it all or destroy it all or they're gonna kill you.
And she thought she was gonna parlay that, all those politicians she had and they killed
her.
So yeah, no, I am familiar with the Philip Marshall case.
And by the way, former NSA officer who's been on the trail of that, we've given this about
a week or so to track it and see what the intel is.
We got Wayne Madsen on tomorrow or the next day on the Nightly News, maybe even the radio
show.
Let's just get him on the radio show.
Let's just go ahead and get that done.
And he says it's clearly a hit.
At least that was what I got from dude who talked to him.
But go ahead.
I had one more question.
I think it was 21.6 million bullets that Paul Watson had reported that the DHS had purchased.
Yes.
There's a lot of people online saying that he read the solicitation wrong and that's
actually like 240,000.
I was wondering.
Okay.
Well, okay.
Government's not arming to the teeth against us.
Okay.
Okay.
Everything's fine.
Everything's wonderful.
People online.
Probably robots.
We're on the march.
The empire's on the run.
Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Thank you so much.
Thanks for joining us.
Have a great day.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
Bye.
Bye.
Thanks.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
See you soon.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Supernatural Silver could change your life. Go to SupernaturalSilver.com and use the promo
code Healthy for 20% off. That's SupernaturalSilver.com and like us on Facebook.
You may be arrested and or subject to other police action.
Tyranny is here. The grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality.
It really says that the state is God. The United States is now recognized globally as
one of the most impressive police states on earth. This film conclusively proves the existence
of a secret network of FEMA camps now being expanded nationwide. This documentary exposes
how the continuity of government program has established an all powerful shadow state.
Police state four chronicles the sickening depths to which our republic has fallen. Prepare
to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship, body scammers, sound cameras,
citizen spies, stage terror and cameras on every street corner. It's only the beginning
of the New World Order's hellish plan. The police state isn't coming. It's here. Secure
your copy today at Infowars.com or see it online in the highest quality at PrisonPlanet.tv.
Alright this is how the internet works. The government and corporations have things called
sock puppets. They've had them for more than a decade and it's been admitted the last few
years who are computers that go out and act like people and have preloaded responses to
Internet memes like why is the government buying 1.6 billion bullets?
Why are there TSA checkpoints? There's radiation in the scanners. The borders are wide open.
These are dangerous. And they just auto respond. You can also go out and you can pay companies
to go spam for you. And they have robots that go out and spam. They call them robots. It's
a robot program. But the general public doesn't even know about that. So that's a conspiracy
theory. Hell, the sun coming up in the morning might be.
Let me explain something. It's more like 1.75 billion. They have had hundreds of purchase
orders of 100,000, 200,000, a million, 20 million, 100 million since November 2011.
So do the math. That's 15, 16 months. We've been the leading group following this. They
just bought another 7,000 full auto weapons, quote, for personal protection last week.
And 21.6 more million rounds. And what the media would do last year when it was up to
a billion in the middle of last year is they'd say, okay, infowars.com is saying Social Security
Administration just bought tens of millions of bullets.
But don't worry, the conspiracy theorists is wrong. They bought it for security. You're
like, well, how does that make him wrong? Well, it just does. It doesn't even make sense.
So it's about 1,750,000,000 bullets. And it's all part of the drones, and the checkpoints,
and the militarization of police, and the armored vehicles, and the tanks, and the urban
warfare drills, and the black helicopters that you see all over the news.
And the government admits its acclamation to the end of posse commentatis, army times,
civilian inmate labor camp programs, the 10 FEMA regions, the 10 FEMA governors, the Rural
Affairs Council, run by Department of Defense, NORTHCOM. I mean, it's all official that we're
just easing into martial law. Let me punch this up for folks who are watching on TV.
If not, just type in Alex Jones, DHS, okay? Alex Jones, DHS, and hit Enter. And click
news, search news or search web. And you can see right there the search that I was doing.
Why is the Department of Homeland Security buying so many bullets? Associated Press posted
on foxnews.com, okay? All right, and then you go down and it says online rumors about
big government munitions purchases are true, sort of. And they never say how it's sort
of.
The Homeland Security Department wants to buy, no, no, they have bought more than 1.6
billion rounds. So you notice they say more, cuz it's now more than that. In the next four
to five years, no, they've created a shortage. These are orders for 2011, 2012, 2013, they're
taking delivery. So that's the deception right there. Notice they don't link to the Department
of Homeland Security purchases.
They just say that. It says it needs them roughly the equivalent to five bullets for
every person in the United States, for law enforcement agents in training and on duty.
Now the issue is we've done the math, it's more than ten times any previous year purchase.
It goes on to say published federal notices about the ammo buy have, why not link to those
fox? Published, or CNN, or AP for that matter, published federal notices about the ammo buy
have agitated conspiracy theorists since the fall. You mean Americans paying attention?
That's when conservative radio host Alex Jones spoke of an arms race against the American
people. I mean, if you looked around folks and said the government was gearing up for
total collapse, I mean, they admit they are.
They're gearing up for huge wars. The government explanation is much less sinister. And they
just then calmly say, we need the rounds for our agents. And then break it down, 450 million
there, 40 million there. And it goes, your Social Security Administration, 174,000. Jones,
the talk show host, had not immediately responded to requests for comment.
Did not immediately. What does that mean, you sent an email and responded five seconds?
I mean, it's all, by the way, we did a computer search of AP emails. Didn't find one last
week. We did an email search. Doesn't mean they didn't send one. The point is, is that
it is a travesty.
So no, let me just tell your friends on the Internet, those little sock puppets, sometimes
they're real Department of Defense people, that's been admitted. Okay, you're right.
The government didn't give an 85 billion a month to foreign banks to bankrupt the country.
There's not internal checkpoints. The TSA isn't now running checkpoints up on South
Lamar and Austin, even though they are.
Autism hasn't gone from one in 25,000 to one in 58, even though it has. Cancer hasn't gone
in the pediatric cancers from one in several million to now one in a few thousand. Of course,
it has actually. Gas prices haven't gone up cuz of dollar devaluation, of course they
have.
Stock market, why is it up? Cuz dollars are worth less, it takes more dollars to buy it.
But everything's fine. My crime is, I know how the world works. And you don't know how
painful it is, how painful it is. It's painful to hear a caller call in and just go, there's
a lot of people on the Internet saying, you misread those purchase orders.
And that's how the media have seen articles they wrote last year. They would say Alex
Jones is debunked. It's not 1.2 billion bullets at that time is how many they bought. It's
only 100 million. And then they would show 100 million purchase order when our articles
showed the scores of purchase orders in the year showing it was 1.2.
Then in 1.6, now 1.75. The AP's too lazy to give you the number, they go more than
1.6 billion cuz they know it's more than 1.6 billion. I mean, is this like Planet Idiot
or something? I mean, I don't even know what to do anymore. Okay, there's no bullets, the
government loves you, okay?
Everything's fine. They didn't burn down Dorner. You heard CNN last hour, I supported Dorner.
I never did, but they say I do. It must be true. There's no torture camps. There's no
secret arrest. There's no Patriot Act. There's no NDAA. There's no Model States Health Emergency
Powers Act, reports inoculation even though there is.
There's no Emergency Centers Establishment Act, openly admitting all the FEMA camps.
The Marines aren't trying to take your guns, even though I got them on video. Everything's
fine, okay? Everything's okay. Everything's just wonderful. Can you queue up Obama saying
he wouldn't raise the payroll tax? Can you queue that up? Cuz you know what? It doesn't
matter if you're getting $25,000 a year, $22,000 a year, $30,000 a year, you're all getting
payroll tax increases.
It doesn't matter. He said they aren't, so I stand with the government. There is not
less money coming out of your check. I heard on the Internet there wasn't. How's that?
I'm starting to realize the full mental illness here. I could just join people as well and
be mentally ill. Yeah, there's no payroll tax increase on working people. Obama said,
do we have that clip?
And I can make a firm pledge under my plan. No family making less than $250,000 a year
will see any form of tax increase. Not your income tax, not your payroll tax, not your
capital gains taxes, not any of your taxes.
All of it raised, all of it. A 3.8 investment tax on the 401ks that the company pulls out
of your paycheck. Just absolutely huge amounts of money making you get government healthcare.
And then what is it? What is it, a $5,000 fine per person uninsured in your family?
That's 20,000 a year on average. Doubling of premiums this year, Supreme Court ruled
it was a tax.
Of course, it's a tax. Do you want to keep going with all the taxes here, the carbon
taxes via shutting down the power plants? I've got articles in the stack today. Giant
Texas power plant held up for two years now officially will never be opened. That's just
one of them.
And I'm not mad at the last caller. I get so mad at the system and the wall of lies
they've put up. I did not say that the United States launched a meteor or kinetic weapon
at Russia. We put out videos and reports saying that it was clearly a stone meteorite and
associated with a large meteor cluster in which you could even track on NASA's site
were a group of other meteors.
Other smaller asteroids. I did not say that. I did not say Dornan was a good guy, but CNN
says I do. And they'd have bought 1.75 billion bullets in the last 16 months, okay? Okay?
There are black helicopters running drills to firebomb our houses. I've talked to the
pilots, the night stalkers out of Fort Campbell, Kentucky. They are trying to take your guns.
They did in Katrina. They've introduced bills. I counted it up in 15 states to physically
make you turn guns in Missouri, California, Washington State, New York on and on and on.
They are coming for our guns, but they go, we're not coming for your guns.
We're not coming for your guns. It's a conspiracy theory. It's a conspiracy theory. It's a conspiracy
theory. I mean, folks, become an expert on politics and things like you are on baseball
or football, and you'll end up not being a slave. I said I'd take calls and I've gone
into a complete rant here. It hurts me. What's that, John? Okay, man, it really starting
to get to me.
And to sit there and watch all these liars and dissemblers on CNN and MSNBC competing
with each other in these newspapers and things for who can lie the most blatantly up there
sniveling in their little suits and ties and teleprompters. And man, this is crazy. Let
me tell you the most delusional people are the people lying to folks, cuz most people
aren't buying it.
Let's go to Larry in Montana. Larry, you're on the air. Go ahead.
Hello, how are you today? I'm totally freaking out right now. I mean, if people don't recognize
the tyranny staring them right in the eyes, they're never gonna wake up.
You did away with the cigarettes. You need a cigarette.
Yeah, I do.
You know what has me puzzled is I haven't heard a lot of the story about what happened
to the daughter of that police officer.
No, they didn't wanna humanize her because this was a real event. If they would have
been parading her around and calling for our guns to be turned in, then you know it would
have been, look, obviously it was real because it was such a nightmare for them.
The thing with this, I don't know who witnessed the daughter, but they have all these older
cops and you can tell by the looks on their face. And it seems the worst they could pull
up on him was he looked like a pretty happy guy. He just, I don't know what you can tell
from a photo, but he wasn't your average cop and he did come to the defense of whoever
it was being abused at the department.
One thing for sure, we're never gonna hear the truth about what happened with his daughter
other than the police scenario because there's nobody to argue the point now.
I hear you, my friend, I hear you. I'm gonna play a clip of a California police chief saying
guns are not defensive weapons in a moment, which is 180 degrees the opposite of the truth.
Guns are used far more often, the FBI statistics admit this, than they are used aggressively,
they're used defensively, far more often defensively.
Everybody knows that, but not according to this police chief. And it's police chief Ken
James, we have that clip, here it is.
One issue that always boggles my mind is that the idea that a gun is a defensive weapon,
that is a myth. A gun is not a defensive weapon, a gun is an offensive weapon used to intimidate
and used to show power.
Intimidate you?
Police officers do not carry a gun as a defensive weapon.
Really?
Those are their other officers. They carry a gun to be able to do their job in a safe
and effective manner.
Look at the guy behind you, he's like, this guy's full of baloney.
And face any oppositions that we may come upon. If it was a defensive measure, why did
we lose 55 officers nationwide last year to gun violence? And unfortunately, in just the
two months of this year so far, we've lost two officers to gun violence in the state
of California.
He looks like a giant round hog. And then he's got Urkel back there behind him. Man,
I tell you, these police chiefs, I didn't know they stacked little chicken neck nobodies
that high. I mean, you look at these people. I mean, that guy looks like he couldn't fight
his way out of a wet paper bag.
They're intimidated, see, by citizens with guns. And he's up there with a bunch of fellow
gun grabbers calling for restrictions on the Second Amendment. That's what that press commerce
was for, to blame, hey, the cops were protecting themselves with guns against one of your own
people.
Amazing, amazing, Mr. James, amazing that you behave in that fashion. And imagine with
a straight face, guns are not used defensively. And police officers never use guns defensively.
That's like saying, there is no gravity. I am an Easter Bunny. Turkeys are the, I mean,
it's just like total mindless gibberish. I mean, it's just so pathetic. We're ruled by
a bunch of idiots because we bow to them, you're wearing a uniform with four stars on
it.
Here, here, have my wife. Here, here, take my car. Let's go to another phone call. Thank
you, Larry. Thank you, Larry. Imagine having that guy as a police chief. Guns are never
used defensively. Police do not use guns defensively. Really, is that why criminals don't like to
attack police cuz they know they're armed?
Is that why cops all the time respond to something that's happening and defend people? What in
the world are you talking about, you kook? Yeah, tell that to a woman being gang raped
in her home. Good point, John. Let's talk to Chris in Nevada. Chris, you're on the air,
go ahead.
How you doing, Alex? I'm like a forever listener and love you to death.
Well, thank you for putting up with me. I'm just happy that the government's not corrupt.
There's no problems. They're not buying a bunch of bullets. They're not militarizing.
There's no military drills. There's no checkpoints. Everything's fine.
No, it isn't. Absolutely not. It's fine. We're even getting censored on Twitter.
Yeah, now Prison Planet and Infowars articles, or John Rappaport articles about the dangers
of prescription drugs, psychotropics are now banned. And everybody I know is getting messages
saying you will not criticize Obama or defend the Second Amendment, and they're banning
the Navy Seal website on Facebook.
Yeah, it's total censorship everywhere, but that's okay. And Obama just told Congress
he'll ban coal power plants on his own without Congress. He'll create carbon taxes without
Congress, and he'll put our military under foreign control without Congress. And he'll
do cybersecurity that admittedly gets rid of free speech and spies on us without Congress.
But that's okay too. Everything's okay. Everything's fine.
Terrible.
Go ahead, sir.
Beyond terrible.
No, it's wonderful. The government loves us.
I have like eight computers, and I just happen to have two accounts, and I noticed that I
was censored. All my tweets weren't going out. I ended up turning on all eight computers
and all eight accounts, and none of my tweets went out. None. Because they were all about
God bless Alex Jones and this guy.
Yeah, I noticed. In fact, I ought to get Christie over here. I haven't been tweeting as much
lately because in the last three weeks, he won't let me tweet. And then I thought it
was a problem, and I found out I can't tweet about gun stuff, and I haven't even met an
issue out of that.
See, I'm just used to being censored now.
Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride, and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing
technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media
for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only
one that does it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code
water. This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides,
chloramines, ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not
covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure
with a new Pro One filter today at Infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Social unrest, food shortages, political turmoil, EMPs, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, fires,
riots, flooding. It's not a matter of it, but when? What if it happened right now? Would
you have the supplies to survive off the grid? Offthegrid.com is the place to go for the
widest selection of survival supplies at rock bottom prices. Head over to Offthegrid.com
for survival kits, first aid supplies, dry food, water filters and purifiers, gas masks,
solar and crank radios, solar generators, ammo, knives, stun guns, pepper sprays, hacks
and bags, fire starters, a library of books and a whole lot more. Get free same day shipping
on all orders over $75. Enter promo code radio at checkout and receive an additional 5% discount
off our already lowest in the industry prices. Offthegrid.com, proud to stand shoulder to
shoulder with you as we protect our constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic.
It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus can inflict severe
damage in the human body. Fortunately, a new and vastly improved silver solution has been
developed. Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary broad spectrum antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal
solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin. Supernatural Silver
is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers using a patented technology that is
highly effective against colds, flus, infections, food poisoning and yeast in addition to many
other pathogens. Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe and is the number
one choice of thousands of people for immune system support. Find out how Supernatural
Silver could change your life. Go to SupernaturalSilver.com and use the promo code healthy for 20% off.
That's SupernaturalSilver.com and like us on Facebook.
The Genesis Communications Radio Network proudly presents the Alex Jones Show, because there's
a war on for your mind. Yeah, I noticed a few of the comments up on Infowars.com probably
following off what I said on air are like, what is it, a slow news day? You're reporting
on yourself. CNN says Alex Jones supports Dorner. Media says Jones says US attacks Russia
with Meteor. We have to respond to that, folks, or they'll destroy us. If we let them sit
there and tell bald face lies, we get destroyed instead of them getting destroyed. Instead,
we counter them, we have a much bigger audience, and then their audience goes down, down, down
to nothing.
But you've got to finish stomping them into the ground with all the rope they give you.
Just because somebody has a bunch of rope and a noose around their neck, you gotta take
them up and you gotta pull the lever. And so I kicked the lever in their little neck
snap and it's gotta be done. Plus, again, it's an illustration of how they lie. Remember,
we have links to this in the article by Paul Joseph Watson.
It hit the zeitgeist last year because the radio shows large but also drudge serially,
that means over and over again. Linked to our articles off federal purchase orders,
off FAA announcements, all bibliographed, all sourced, buying hundreds and hundreds
of drones, doing drone tests over farmers surveilling them.
And the media came out and said it's not true, we're not surveilling. And the twist was cuz
those are drills. See, if it's a test of surveilling farmers with drones, it's okay. No, the real
surveillance was done with man's Cessnas but we are testing drones for that. Well, there's
no drone threat. Well, now Homeland Security has come back out again.
And the article is up at infowars.com, prisonbladder.com and also drudgereport.com right in the middle.
DHS advances plan for public safety drones, more incarnations of spy technology to undergo
testing. So when they surveil you, it's kinda like US Code Title 50, Chapter 32, subsection
1528, paragraph B. It says we can't do any secret testing or lethal testing on the people
unless it's for research purposes or law enforcement purposes.
If it's lethal testing or testing for any law enforcement or research, then it's okay.
See, it's all these lawyer games. I videotaped drones, my crews videotaped them. The drones
are now above Austin, little ones and big ones. The TSA now runs checkpoints two miles
from where I sit. Told you that was coming ten years ago. How did I know? They said on
C-SPAN, the head of Homeland Security said that was the plan down the road.
It goes on here. As we first reported in July of last year, DHS Secretary Mr. Napolitano,
I meant Janet Napolitano, told a House Committee on Homeland Security that the federal agency
was looking at drones that could be utilized to give us situational awareness in large
public safety matter or disaster already done at the Super Bowl. Despite the fact that the
agency had previously indicated it was reticent to use spy drones to keep tabs on the public.
And then it just goes through all the news and announcements and FedBizOpps website put
out releases and DHS 13-01, all the different aircraft and all the rest of it. The point
is they already funded it in last year's FAA funding over the next five years, 45, 46 billion.
It was in the Washington Post. I mean, but again, they report it like it's good in the
Washington Post. I take that and say I think it's a bad idea and they go, listen, this
doesn't exist, okay?
This guy supports Dorner anyways, and he says we attacked Russia with the meteorite. Pretty
crazy, of course, I didn't say any of that, but they think you're dumb. And so that's
the tactic. As for the caller, who we were just talking to, which caller was that or
did he hang up?
Well, he hung up. I said, hold on, sir, I was gonna go back to you. Yes, a lot of times
people think they're being censored just if YouTube isn't working or Facebook or something.
We've confirmed and others have confirmed people are getting deleted or suspended or
being temporarily, what's the term where they tell you you can't use your Facebook for a
month or whatever, for putting out any pro second amendment quotes, criticizing Obama
in any way. And it's not a news issue. It's not a news issue that more and more Twitter
and Facebook are being censored or that Facebook just got a giant tax break from Obama.
You are listening to GCN. Visit GCNlive.com today.
Introducing pro wine, all of your filtration in one system portable on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your pro pure with
the new pro wine filter today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139. Waging
war on corruption, Alex Jones on the GCN radio network. Big brother, mainstream media, government
cover ups. You want answers? Well, so does he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network.
And now live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones. All right, let's continue with your phone
calls ahead of Sheriff Clark in Milwaukee County joining us. And I'm sorry I started
ranting earlier. I should have more control. It's just I'm so sick of the New World Order.
I'm so sick of everybody being so dumb that they just can't even navigate all these lies.
Unprecedented tyranny is upon us. Unprecedented lying is upon us. We're in deep trouble. And
some people say, well, that's negative. No, the realization that we're in a lot of trouble
is what's going to haul our bacon. Okay, it's time to get out of the trance. It's time to
get angry. It's time to get awake. Terry in California, you're on the air. Go ahead. Hey,
how's it going, Alex? Pretty darn bad. I mean, it freaks me out that CNN is so evil that
they would say that I supported Chris Dorner when all I've done is criticizing. And that
the Atlantic Wire would say that I said that the United States attacked Russia with a meteorite
when I said nothing about that. Oh, yeah. Hey, I was calling in. So you know how you're
saying you you're hearing people with twenty thousand dollars getting tax increases? Well,
I'm working for a big corporation and we got a letter in and I'm only making twelve thousand
dollars a year. And they're telling me my taxes are going up this year. I just wanted
to call you and tell all the listeners out there that people who are making only twelve
thousand a year are getting tax increases. Yeah, the way my dad put it and he's in medical
management. So he not just a dentist, he manages a bunch of medical stuff. And he says, my
God, it's designed to hurt poor people. And he's really upset because I mean, it's one
thing to know the government's crooks, but I mean, to really try to hurt poor people
while being praised, it just makes me want to throw up.
Yeah, you know, I'm in college trying to you know, I'm coming from out of state, so I have
to pay out of state tuition when the illegal immigrants are actually getting free college
where I'm at and I'm paying out of state tuition. No, no, it's all designed where in most states,
the illegals get free tuition or in state and then they get to have their kids for free,
everything paid for.
It's all actuated out where they're just left alone. I've had my finger chopped off at the
hospital and the illegals are just sent right through no insurance or anything. You have
insurance, you're trash and are back of the line. And, you know, again, it's nothing against
the illegals themselves. The globalists want them here to drive down wages and to be a
voting bloc.
But the way I read it and Forbes and AP even admitted it, people making $22,000 a year
more are seeing payroll increases and it is just devastating. And then under Obamacare,
most companies are laying people off from 40 hours a week where they've got to buy you
Obamacare to 29 or less where they don't.
But you're still penalized and have to buy it and because insurance companies wrote it,
that's why this year premiums on average are doubling. The average person, it's 5,000 a
year in premiums and they estimate now for a family $20,000 a year in insurance. Now,
does that sound like a good deal for the average person?
Apparently to them.
Boy, so you make $12,000 a year. I think your corporation, the company you work for may
have sent it out to everybody. You're way below the poverty line bro at $12,000 a year.
You're like working poor. You can't even, I don't know how you live on that in California.
And you should not have a payroll tax increase.
I know he said that no one would get increases and I've gone back to that video and I just
laugh about it. It's insane.
But wait a minute, he's a Democrat, so it must be okay. No, I know it's just unbelievable.
And again, this is bipartisan. The big insurance companies wrote this, Romney got it passed.
It is a screw job on the American people. And again, once corporations can have it,
the Supreme Court ruled it's a tax paid directly to them.
Now we just got him on the line. We're going to break and coming back to him. Sheriff David
Clark of Milwaukee County who calmly devastated the lives of Piers Morgan and the mayor of
Milwaukee. He's coming on for two segments at the bottom of the hour with us to talk
about why he cut that radio ad saying, look, you need to get guns, get training and protect
yourself.
Well, I know why he did that, but we're going to ask him why. And guys, get those FBI statistics,
FBI.gov ready for me, those graphics. I want to show those. 49% drop in violent crime.
Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers. The prognosis for the entire planetary
economic system runs from bad to worse. The globalist model is to shut down societies
and starve patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover.
That's why we've assembled the most vital and important preparedness items at Infowarsshop.com.
These are items that I did research on that I personally use. You've got the LifeStraw
so you can turn fetid water into safe water anywhere you go. The Ktorr hand crank generator
to charge up key equipment during power outages are out in the field. Strategic Relocation,
third edition by Joel Skousen. When disaster strikes by Matthew Stein. Ferrosafe used by
Homeland Security to protect yourself during any radiological event. Hand crank shortwave
AM FM radios. Everything that we've researched and found to be the best is available at Infowarshop.com
and your purchase makes our Infowarshop possible. We're getting prepared. Are you? Infowarsshop.com.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cow
Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms,
but if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your
arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for
intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new do it yourself home security system that is
completely wireless. Go to getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely
customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed.
Getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself and under twenty
minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate,
you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe
will stand guard, protecting your property twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's getsimplisafe.com. We now take you live to the Central Texas Command Center
in the heart of the resistance. You're listening to the Alex Jones Show.
Well, I've seen a lot of really interesting sheriffs going public for the Second Amendment.
It started in Kentucky, spread to Wisconsin, Texas, California. Now it's over three hundred
and fifty sheriffs, as of Stuart Rhodes analysis with Oath Keepers last night, who are elected
who, I mean, I love how the cities are always trying to get rid of the sheriffs when it's
the state and the Constitution that creates the sheriff.
And under the state law that creates the counties, and then the municipalities are just subcorporations
within it who have no authority except what they get from the state constitution. So there
they are trying to get rid of the sheriffs. That's a whole nother issue. And of course,
we've had Sheriff Mack on many, many times who wanted the Supreme Court and got so many
of the unconstitutional gun laws overturned.
But I saw a Piers Morgan interview a few weeks ago. I was already trying to get the sheriff
on when he went on Piers Morgan. Sheriff David Clark, many of you have heard the ad that
he ran saying, look, I need you to be on the team here. All over the country, they're having
police layoffs, sheriff's department layoffs.
Some areas they've laid off more than half. We saw two years ago, the police department
in Oakland, where they have draconian gun laws, said we're not gonna respond to 35 crimes.
Some of them dealt with armed robbery and stuff, really bizarre. And then wonder why
their crime only exploded. I mean, even they're gonna not respond, surely don't announce it.
So the fact that Sheriff David Clark said, look, you need to go out and get firearms,
but more importantly, training. Everyone needs training, and it's available, it's easy. Do
not just go buy a gun, folks, and then just think you're protected.
Learn how to use it. Cuz I'm all for the Second Amendment, but you need to learn how to use
it. So you don't learn what type of stuff to use in your house, but we'll talk about
that after he leaves us. You need flangeable stuff, sheer safety slugs, shotgun shells
shooting like number six, number seven, so you don't kill people on the other side.
That's why there's some basic training needed here. And then once you go out and shoot a
gun, it demystifies it. Go buy a gun, then go to a shooting range, go pay to have a trainer
train you. Learn the basics, learn the safety, and that will promote a Second Amendment culture,
a constitutional culture. But I was really impressed when the sheriff was on Piers Morgan,
the lies of Piers Morgan and the lies of the mayor, and I'll call Tom Barrett a liar, saying,
well, the sheriff's department doesn't respond to crime.
And I knew all sheriff's departments do. I mean, in many areas, there's more people living
in the county than the city. But I went and just typed in Milwaukee County, hit Google
News, and saw articles of sheriffs responding to home invasions, responding to a guy beating
his wife and knocking her teeth out, responding to a robbery.
It was just a feed of articles, Milwaukee Sheriff's Department responds, total lie,
going you can't talk about needing more police, more sheriffs, so we're gonna get into that
as well. But first, if you just joined us, we haven't aired this in a few weeks, here
is the little short 30-second radio ad that the sheriff put out saying, hey, let's kick
crime in the butt like Kennesaw, Georgia.
They said you had to own a gun by law, I don't think that's constitutional, but the Swiss
do it, and their crime rate dropped by 89% within two years. And boy, they flipped out,
because if this is real common sense, let's go to that clip.
I'm Sheriff David Clark and I wanna talk to you about something personal, your safety.
It's no longer a spectator sport, I need you in the game. But are you ready? With officers
laid off and furloughed, simply calling 911 and waiting is no longer your best option.
You can beg for mercy from a violent criminal, hide under the bed, or you can fight back.
But are you prepared? Consider taking a certified safety course and handling a firearm so you
can defend yourself until we get there. You have a duty to protect yourself and your family.
We're partners now, can I count on you?
This safety message brought to you by the Milwaukee County Sheriff's Office.
Okay, and we're gonna show you some of the graphics if you're watching on TV. For radio
listeners, go to fbi.gov. People say, well, if you don't believe the government, why would
you use theirs? Worldwide, statisticians use these numbers, because they've been getting
them since J. Edgar Hoover was a filing clerk in the 30s.
Their local numbers compiled, cross-referenced, and checked, because it's disseminated. Just
since 2007, it's a 21% drop. It is a 49% drop since 1991. 49% drop, and we've done
countless special reports on that. So that's why I guess the Sheriff's saying buy guns,
protect yourself.
Sheriff David Clark, thank you so much for coming on. And thank you for being an example
of a real peace officer instead of one of these government types that's there to demonize
the Bill of Rights. Thank you for defending the Constitution, sir.
Well, thank you. It's a pleasure to be on with you. And it's a pleasure to serve. I'm
independently elected, as you indicated, sheriffs are. So we serve the people. I don't report
to another bureaucrat or another political official like a police chief, you know, really
works for the mayor. I work for the people. I'm accountable to the people, the voters.
And what I've always done since I've been a sheriff for 10 years now is I give people
unvarnished information. I just lay it out for them. Don't sugarcoat it. Say, hey, here's
the reality. Here's what's going on so that people then can take that information and
come to their own conclusions and their own decisions about what they should do as it
relates to public safety. I believe in empowering citizens to make those decisions. I think
that an armed citizen is nothing for me to worry about. What I'm worried about is a felon
or another criminal who has demonstrated that they'll use the firearm to commit a crime.
I'm more worried about individuals like that. Let's get into what Piers Morgan wouldn't
let you talk about. You kept trying to say why you had said it's time for people to go
get firearms training and protect themselves. What's going on in Milwaukee County and in
the city itself? Well, it's been a recent increase, a surge, if you will. And it's not
just an anomaly of street violence where innocent people are getting caught in crossfire. They're
getting guns stuck to their heads. Their wallets are taken. Their car is taken. Street robberies.
And then we've had homes. There's a rash of burglaries going on in the Milwaukee area,
300 in the month of August alone. And I thought I looked at that. And then I saw that Mayor
Barrett was furloughing 1,500 Milwaukee police officers three days each for 2013. That means
4,500 fewer officer days to answer 911 calls for service. They're inundated. They're drowning
in 911 calls to speak up. It's not the fault of the cops. It's just not given the resources.
And also, the county executive, Chris Dabley, laid off 48 sheriff's deputies in my office
last year, tried to lay off some more before. And so I look at that, and I said, you know,
there's an emerging situation here that people have always had the right to do. And I talk
about the personal security. That's an individual responsibility. I don't get to say how and
when a person should defend themselves in these situations and the case of their home
being broken into. And I refer to it as, you know, when the wolf's at the door, 911 is
not going to help you. The ad doesn't say don't call 911. You heard it. It says that
that might not be your best option. And many of these instances that I just described,
it doesn't. Now Barrett and Abley and even police chief Ed Quinn, they basically communicated
to the law abiding people in Milwaukee County that you're on your own. We're not going to
provide the resources for the police to do everything that they can to create a safe
environment. Citizens, you're on your own. We're abandoning you. And I thought, well,
this is a fundamental concept that we have in America. This is the concept of self-defense.
And I thought there's two things that went on over the last 18 months in Wisconsin, where
the legislature empowered individuals to deal with these situations, not to go out and police
the streets, but in terms of personal security. One is castle doctrine, where now if a intruder
breaks into your home, you can use force up to and including deadly force to ward off
that attack, to protect you, your children, whatever. And the onus is on the criminal
now to explain why he was in your house. Whereas before castle doctrine, you had to explain,
the homeowner had to explain why it was reasonable to use deadly force. The other thing is the
Personal Protection Act, which allows people to go out and get a permit. And there's a
process and then they can go armed with a concealed weapon. I'm trying to leverage those
two things to get people in these that are stuck in these situations. And that's what
it is when somebody comes up, take the gun into your back or against your head and demand
your wallet or your car, you're in a situation where 911 is not going to help. I don't tell
if you notice, I don't tell people what to do. I say, here's some things you need to
think about, because the time to plan and to decide what your options are is not when
the event is happening. It's beforehand. And if that's going to mean that you're going
to exercise your second amendment right to own and possess and use the firearm, well,
you need to think about the training, the safety measures. I mean, anything that is
in the hands of the wrong person is dangerous. A chainsaw in the hands of somebody who's
never used one, that's dangerous. So I would expect people to read the manual, so on and
so forth. And that's what I'm advising as it comes to firearms.
Well it's common sense. What would you say to the Chicago police chief who's now come
out and said, just ban the second amendment, it's the problem. They've taken the guns there,
all the criminals then move there and feed on the people. I mean, they've got to know
that where you take the guns, it has the highest crime rate. Where you have more guns in the
citizens' hands, you have lower crime rate. They're not that stupid, Sheriff Clark. So
what's this really all about then?
Well, this is really about freedom. It's really about liberty. And that's why I mentioned
empowering citizens. I trust citizens to make those decisions in their lives, in their personal
security, in their personal safety. And apparently, and I didn't hear in full context what the
Chicago chief said, but they're up to their eyeballs in street violence and they have
some of the toughest gun laws known to mankind. And I guess I would say that that is exhibit
A to demonstrate that those things don't work. So what I'm trying to do here is give people
advice up front to consider these things, to have a plan in place should that happen
to them. And then they've got to decide. You know, it's not for me. Like I said, in the
ad, you know, you can hide under the bed, you can beg for mercy from a violent criminal.
I'm not saying that you shouldn't do that. Maybe that's the best thing in that situation,
but it's not for me to say. So I want to make sure that the people of Milwaukee County and
the 155,000 people who have applied for these personal protection permits, and that was
in the first year alone, I want them on my side and we're going to be partners in this
thing. And if you're going to be partners with me, then you have to be prepared. Now,
we had an interesting situation several summers ago where the mayor, Tom Barrett, without
his protective bubble, you know, he gets the taxpayer paid for, armed security staff, police
officers, and he should have that. I don't want to take that away from him, but he lives
life in a bubble. And he stepped outside that bubble several summers ago and he was walking
down the street with his family and he intervened in a domestic dispute. And a guy who was involved
in that dispute grabbed a tire iron and beat the mayor mercilessly within inches of his
life.
I mean, it was a severe beating. And I would like to think, you know, 911 didn't help the
mayor that day and he didn't have that protective bubble. But since that happened-
If I was a mayor, guaranteed I'd be wearing a gun on my hip and a fanny pack. I mean,
exactly. He's an idiot. I mean, you're going to try to intervene in the most dangerous
situation, a domestic event, and you're not going to be armed? I mean, he deserved it
almost.
Well, that's how cool this individual is. And so I would like to think that he'd be
a little more sensitive to the plight of everyday Americans and citizens living in the Milwaukee
area who have to live with these threats and this violence on a day-to-day basis. And they
don't have the bubble of protection that he has. And instead of him being a little more
sensitive because he now experienced what real life is like, like outside that bubble,
he still wants to take this availability away from law abiding citizens. And I just, I think
it's ridiculous. I think it's terrible.
It is crazy. And again, I'm sad he got beaten with an inch of his life, but not being armed
and then trying to get involved in something dangerous. That's like playing in traffic.
And we do see these big urban centers are the only areas where crime is going up, where
you don't tend to have people armed, just because I guess culturally across racial lines
as well, people in big cities, for whatever reason, a lot of times don't think they need
guns.
I guarantee you, if I lived in a big dangerous city, I would have guns even more readily
at hand. Living out in the country.
Well, as you indicated early on in this conversation, the constitution, and I tell people, the second
amendment to me is as sacred as the first amendment. I think they go hand in hand. And
you know, we've already, and I know they're not absolute, the second amendment is not
absolute, neither is the first, but we've shaved enough off the second amendment with
some of these gun control measures. Many of them, it didn't work, but we've shaved enough
and the essence of the second amendment, it says in part, you know, the right of the people
to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed. I think we've infringed enough on law abiding
people to be able to keep and bear arms for whatever reason. I realized that has to do
with tyrannical government, but at the same time, the concept of self-defense in this
country, in this country, the United States of America is very fundamental. And I want
to use that. I'm not afraid of a law abiding citizen with a handgun and I'll say it again.
I'm afraid of a criminal perpetrator because they've demonstrated time and time again,
they will use that instrumentality to commit a crime.
Well, what about the mayor's spin that, you know, criminals can get all these handguns,
he put this 40% number from the statistics I've seen and what you've tried to talk about,
that's not a real number. It's not a real number at all. He knows that President Obama
used the same thing in his speech on, and if you notice how they changed the language,
they don't call it gun control because they know that doesn't pull well and that even
people who don't own guns don't like the thought of banning everybody from possessing a firearm.
But they're using data that's patently false. Now, Tom Barrett went on CNN with Piers Morgan
and said 40% of handgun sales in the United States occur without a background check. That
is a patent lie. That is patently false. He's using some statistics, some research that
was flawed on its face from 1997 where 200 people were pulled. There's 300 million people
in the United States. It's not even a statistically legitimate sample pool to pull 250 people
and come out with something that would stand a plus or minus, you know, they always put
in the-
Sure, but my argument is this. Criminals are always gonna get guns. Mexico has a total
gun ban and they have the highest crime rate in the world next to a city like Chicago.
It's the highest city, but as a country, Mexico, almost 60,000 deaths. In fact, I think it's
over that now in the last five and a half years. And they've taken the guns, only the
criminals have the guns and a corrupt government bought off by the criminals.
I mean, you know, you take the guns in Chicago, Al Capone's still gonna have them. What about
this issue? Many sheriffs have said, Sheriff Clark, that if executive orders come down,
banning semi-autos or whatever, or in New York, they've banned them, they've banned
the clips.
They're saying turn them in. They've got bills in Missouri that actually say all semi-autos
will be turned in. Democratic Party is crazily behind that. Washington State, same bill,
15 states total. Seriously, if they try to physically take semi-autos, I know a lot of
veterans and people that have had enough.
And I would not wanna be the police or sheriff's department ordered by the feds to try to go
get guns. What is your take on the fact that from a lot of analysts I've talked to think
that the Obama Marxist types wanna start a civil war in this country. I mean, they've
gotta know what's gonna happen if they try to confiscate guns.
Well, first of all, to me, that would be an act of tyranny. So the people in Milwaukee
County do not have to worry about me enforcing some sort of order that goes out and collects
everybody's handgun or rifles or any kind of firearm and makes them turn them in. And
the reason is I don't wanna get shot because I believe that if somebody tried to enforce
something of that magnitude, you would see the second coming of an American Revolution
like you, the likes of which would make the first revolution fail by comparison.
So the people in Milwaukee County don't have to worry about me engaging in that sort of
tyranny.
You're absolutely right. This country is primed. People have been abused in so many ways. Obama
said they're bitter clingers, they're guns, they're bibles. We've been deindustrialized.
We've had our future sold out. We've been signed on to the banker's debt. And I'm telling
you, certain elements of the feds, not the average fed, cuz I've talked to a lot of them,
are really pushing and really like the junkyard bully, the junkyard dog or the schoolyard
bully.
They wanna get this thing going. And I don't think they realize the restraint of the American
people is not out of weakness. It's out of good old fashioned restraint.
Well, first of all, this doesn't have, as you know, this has nothing to do with violence
reduction because the type of violence that we're talking about, that I see on the street
in the Milwaukee area on a daily basis, is not even committed using the weapons that
the left is trying to ban.
They're not using assault rifles. They're not using high capacity magazines. They're
not buying their ammo over the internet. And they don't care. The criminals could care
less about a background check. So, you know, that tells me that they're disingenuous in
what they're trying to do.
If they were serious about violence reduction, they would get behind me. I'm talking about
the left here in Milwaukee County. And join me arm in arm in calling for longer periods
of incarceration for repeat career criminals who have demonstrated over and over again
that they're gonna get a handgun, they're going to get a firearm, and they're going
to perpetrate violence.
Now, we had a temple shooting, a Sikh temple, several months ago here. Very tragic situation
in a suburb in Milwaukee County, Oak Creek. That individual, Michael Wade Phillips, I
believe his name is, he passed the background check. My understanding is the creep in Aurora,
Colorado that shot up the theater, he also passed the background check. This isn't about
background check, of which the overwhelming majority of gun transfers, it goes on anyway.
Take Michael Wade's name, I think I picked the name up. This isn't about reducing violence.
This is about attacking the Second Amendment. This is going after the wrong crowd.
Exactly, let me ask you this question. Why does the government class, the socialist class,
why do they want our guns so bad right now? What are they worried about in the future?
Well, you know, I don't wanna get way out there and try to get to what they're getting
at, but really, you know, government control cannot go on as long as people have some sort
of ability to say, hey, wait just a doggone minute. And as long as that exists, the government,
that's what the government fears. They don't really fear the criminal, they support the
criminal after they've been arrested. But what they fear is a law abiding person who's
gonna look, I mean, read the Declaration of Independence. It's right there where law abiding
people say enough is enough. You're exerting too much influence in our lives. This is tyrannical
and we're going to stop it.
Wow, Sheriff.
That's what they're worried about.
Sheriff David A. Clark there in Milwaukee, folks should support him. Five seconds left.
I bet the public loves your stand.
You know, it's received overwhelming support that it really has.
Well, God bless you, sir. Hope to get you to touch base with us in the future again.
Thank you so much for the time, Sheriff.
Thanks, God bless you as well.
All right, amazing individual, a true patriot. We need more like him. We'll be right back
with your phone calls. Stay with us.
We're on the march. The Empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Your freedoms are on the line. The Second Amendment is in danger. How soon before your
freedoms are taken away? What can you not live without? What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns? Is it your home? No, it's food. It all boils down to the food supply.
All governments control people by controlling their food supply. Don't be dependent. Be
self-sufficient. Don't wait for the government to feed you. Feed yourself. I can warn you,
but I can't feed you. Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from eFoods Direct.
It's the best long-term, storable food on the planet. Get the popular Mega Patriot Pack
free. A 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot, and fuel. Call 800-409-5633 or go
to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot Packs free with purchase.
Build your food supply, be in control, be self-sufficient, and be a patriot. Call 800-409-5633
or eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get your free Patriot Pack today.
Alex Jones here with a very important announcement for Truth Seekers. We've carried a lot of amazing
films and books over the years on the online video bookstore at Infowars.com. And out of
all the titles we've carried, one stands out because it is just so chillingly convincing.
And that's Dreams From My Real Father by Joel Gilbert, available at Infowars.com. This film
exposes the fraud that Obama is like nothing I've seen. If you want to know who Obama's
real daddy is, this is the film for you. Don't forget, your purchase supports our broadcast
and our growing media network. You'll also find it at Infowarshop.com. None Dare Call
a Conspiracy by Gary Allen, the book that woke me up. We're also carrying Behind the
Green Mask, UN Agenda 21 by Rosa Corey. This book is coffin nails to the globalist takeover.
The Greater Good, the most professional and up-to-date film I've ever seen exposing the
scourge that is vaccines. These titles and a lot more are all available at Infowarshop.com.
Introducing Pro One, all of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at Infowarshop.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
You got a business that you didn't build that. Somebody else made that happen. By the way,
there's David Clark talking about the citizens working with the sheriff. From enemies born
and domestic, it's Alex Jones. Only I can interrupt myself. Anyways, people like Sheriff
David Clark Jr. of Milwaukee County, that's not a radical sheriff. We've gotten radical
anti-liberty people in everywhere to where someone who is what America is based on looks
weird and sounds strange basically to the general public when they stand up for what's
right.
It's hey, I'm the sheriff, I'm elected. I'm here to try to keep everybody safe and you're
my posse now. Get out there, get firearms, get trained. We can't always respond. It's
up to you to protect yourself from criminals. The police have no liability to protect you
folks. They're there to respond to bring someone to justice, which who's the justice? It's
the jury. Justice, jury, grand jury, judge, justice, and who are the judges who votes?
We the people, either we're the government or we've got a tyranny over us. Now, Obama
wants his little FEMA Corps socialist out there with police powers, cuz all citizens
have police powers.
All citizens have citizen's arrest. I mean, you see somebody robbing your neighbor's garage,
you can walk up with a rifle and say hands up till the police get there. That's a citizen's
arrest power. I mean, it's a citizen's right to defense, to kill somebody in your house
if you think they're in danger, or in many states if they're trying to take your property.
And it's done to restrain evil. Sure, most of the Second Amendment is about tyranny in
America. But a big part of it is Thomas Jefferson said, the presence of firearms restrains evil
everywhere they're present.
And guns, there's gonna be some bad things that happen, bad people are gonna use them.
It's an inanimate object, and I know you know that, I know that. We better get the word
out to everybody about that. Now listen, here's an example of what I'm talking about. Top
at prisonplanet.com, infallwars.com. And I found it at drudgereport.com. Let's punch
up Drudge for TV viewers. Misstep in gun bill could defeat the effort.
See, they'll always go for what they can get. They've banned a bunch of guns and banned
their sale and banned high capacity magazines in New York. They've got bills introduced
in Seattle to physically ban guns for Washington State, other states. And it says one of the
major gun control efforts in Olympia this session calls for the sheriff to inspect the
homes of assault weapons owners, that's all semi-auto, to get you ready for the confiscation,
the image of cops coming in your house.
The bill's backers say that was a mistake, see, we went for too much. Well, I mean, you
got another bill that makes you turn them in. I mean, I covered this Sunday and read,
I mean, the Missouri bill says you actually turn them in, so do a bunch of other states.
So it's on, ladies and gentlemen, it's on. And of course, they even spin this, it is
an inspection to make sure there aren't any semi-autos in there. So see, even this article's
a whitewash. They're coming for the guns, they're coming for the guns.
They don't want the gravy train to end. Forget police drones flying over your house. How
about police coming inside once a year to have a look around? Yeah, move to Massachusetts,
they already do that. It's all part of a major gun control effort. It seems in recent weeks,
attackers might be headed towards some common sense regulation of guns, see.
But then last week, they went too far, by mistake, they claim, but still too far. And
then it said it got everybody angry, so all the bills will be killed. Yeah, cuz you're
so greedy, do we have the Feinstein clip? You're so greedy, you've admitted you wanna
take all our guns, okay? You've admitted you want to take all of our guns, and now people
are waking up to that.
Let's go ahead and go to the Feinstein clip. If she said if she could get it, Mr. and Mrs.
America, turn in all the semi-autos. And then like Australia or England or everywhere else,
they'll take them all, here it is.
California Senator Dianne Feinstein worked for more than a year to get the assault weapons
bill passed in the face of ferocious opposition from the National Rifle Association. She says
she got the best she could. If I could have gotten 51 votes in the Senate of the United
States for an outright ban, picking up every one of them, Mr. and Mrs. America, turn them
all in.
I would have done it. I could not do that. The votes weren't clear.
There you go. The minute they get the votes, they take the guns, Chicago, New York, everywhere
else they're in control. But they've got bodyguard details paid for by you. They're never going
to stop cuz they're not liberals. These are authoritarian, lying monsters. And pray for
this broadcast right now, ladies and gentlemen, because again, on a Richter scale, it used
to be about a two, now it's about a nine, the corporate globalist media lying about
us.
I mean, they're bold now. I mean, the word is out, defeat Alex Jones, discredit Alex
Jones, bring down Alex Jones. I mean, they're saying Alex likes the cop killer. He supports
him, CNN. Alex says America attacked Russia with the meteorite. Alex is lying about the
bullets. Alex is a racist. Alex wants to kill cops. Alex wants to blah, blah, blah, blah,
blah, blah, blah.
Almost like Cal Dracula, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Come and be a vampire.
Suck our blood. Raise our taxes. Hear that guy earlier? He makes $12,000 a year and his
employer said they gotta take more out for withholding now. I gotta check on that. I
thought it was, I read one article saying $30,000 a year that I found another. I went
and read the law. It's very hard to understand. People, I've confirmed out of $22,000 a year
people are having money taken out.
I've confirmed with my crew running a wide pay scale. They're all getting payroll tax
increases and none of them make a quarter million dollars a year. We got people in the
shipping department making $30,000 a year. I think a little bit more than that. We pay
people pretty good for shipping. They've got money coming out. I mean, we sit there and
look at it. I've got folks paid double that, a bunch of money coming out.
People paid more than that and money's being taken out. But that's a conspiracy theorist.
If you ever criticize government, it doesn't exist, okay? I mean, again, the government
does nothing but make everything happy in the bird's tweet. By the way, I've done two
hours and 40 minutes of radio here and have not plugged any products. Most talk show hosts
plug every segment, their products, their books, their materials, their sponsors.
And quite frankly, I should be doing the same thing because then I could fund our whole
operation. I tend to get so focused on the news, I plug once or twice a day. It should
be about eight times a day. So I can build a better operation, reach out, get more crew,
fight the new order, pay the crew better, all those reasons.
So remember, infoawarstore.com, go there, buy the t-shirts, buy the ball caps, buy the
books, the videos. If you already know about all this stuff, fine, buy it and give it to
people. Get prisonplanet.tv memberships, 11 memberships for 5.95 a month or get a year
membership and get five months free, a little more than five months technically.
I mean, everybody should go do Operation Awaken the Sleeping Giant and get a prisonplanet.tv,
see The Daily Show live, The Nightly Show that's live now, all my documentaries, HD,
the books, special live events, prisonplanet.tv or infoawarsenews.com, same site. I mean,
come on, 5.95 a month, everyone should commit to go there. And if you support us, you won't
have to hear plugs every five minutes either. So just go to infoawarstore.com, buy the books,
buy the videos, buy the ProPeer water filters, already at the lowest price, also, it's all
great products, the best stuff, everything I use, everything I've vetted, I believe in,
it's all there.
It's all there at prisonplanet.tv, create a username and passcode, you can share with
up to 11 people simultaneously that can watch the news at the same time. I mean, that's
amazing and then give it to, I don't know, give it to like 20 friends and family, I guarantee
you 11 aren't gonna use it simultaneously.
And if you do get locked out, cuz 11 are using it simultaneously, when one gets off, you
can get on, go get another membership. My goal is to reach a huge amount of people and
we've done live events where we've had 300,000 people, everything seems like 315,000 or something,
tune in in one day. We're gonna do more of those special events. So again, ladies and
gentlemen, prisonplanet.tv, prisonplanet.tv, we've now got the, in pink, the Come and Take
It best selling shirt with the Second Amendment inside the AK-47 with the Texas Come and Take
It.
It's just going mega viral. We've got the Obama Tyrant Joker shirt, a new design back,
limited edition, the Infowars Army style, Oathkeeper style, it's all there, infoawarshop.com,
same place, take you to the same place, 888-253-3139, 888-253-3139. So see, I don't do any plugging,
then I kind of overkill it.
I'm gonna go to your calls here in just a moment. Just listen, let me show people this,
okay? Let me show people this. See, I'm freaked out, folks. I realize if we don't beat this,
I'm dead. You understand that? I mean, this is real. This isn't a drill. This isn't a
game. This isn't a joke. I'm a high IQ redneck who doesn't wanna be a slave here desperately
trying to warn you as hard as I can about how much danger we're in, okay?
I mean, that's what's going on there. This is real. This isn't average media buffoonery
or preening peacock behavior. This is the real deal. Charity come to our shores. Are
we gonna beat this or not? We can turn this whole thing around on them. Listen, I sell
the best health products out there.
They're all in one spot, a catalog at infowarshealth.com, the toll-free number there. The crew can
answer your questions when you call those numbers that are there at infowarshealth.com.
The Beyond Tangy Tangerine and the stuff that's in the Healthy Start package that they now
have in vitamin form, not just liquid. New Clemson study, go read it, announces results
of longevity clinical research studies performed by Clemson University Institute of Nutraceutical
Research with healthy colon cells and cancerous colon cells.
Zero toxic effect, zero, zero, zero on healthy cells kills 95% of cancerous colon cells.
It just goes on through the incredible numbers. Go look at this study linked up at infowarshealth.com.
That's infowarshealth.com and the videos that are right there on the site. This is what
Linus Pauling got a Nobel Prize for, what, in 65 or 64. But I mean, this is just such
incredibly important information. This is the real deal.
I went out and I said, you know what? Every show promotes some type of products that are
health products. And that's great because it's important to do and helps it. But I went
out and found the very best, infowarshealth.com. And again, the toll-free numbers are up there.
In fact, if you punch it up so I can give people the toll-free number, here it is. Call
the Infowars team product order line. They can answer your questions, 877-551-1301.
When you buy your longevity products from us, you can get free shipping signing up there
on infowarshealth.com. When you sign up for auto shipping, you can also sign up as a distributor
and get discounts, 877-551-1301, 877-551-1301. Or you can also call the Infowars product
order line as well. And there's two different numbers, Infowars Health and Infowars Team,
888-789-9277, 888-789-9277. Okay, let's go ahead now and go back to your
calls. Arthur in Oregon, thank you for putting up with me. You're on the air.
Hello, Alex. Hey, buddy. I think that you're totally right that we are the masters and
that the elitists are our servants. They're like this skinny dog. And what people need
to do is just realize that that's the truth and then draw the power from that. Realize
that we already are the masters and we already are empowered.
Yeah, everything government does is about pecking us, hen pecking us into submission
and teaching us how we're bad and they're good. And that is the opposite of what this
country was founded on. And then so great if people want bondage and they like Obama
lying to them and raising their taxes on poor people and the big banks that own the insurance
companies.
Absolutely, folks, I can't believe how bad Obamacare was. I mean, I read the bills, I
had experts on, I knew how bad it was, but now it's worse than I thought. I mean, it's
so horrible and it's meant to bankrupt the country and it's just so evil. And then I
read the owner of Paul Mitchell, who's a nice guy, I know people that know him, he lives
here in Austin, saying things like, Obama, he just doesn't understand raising taxes hurts
poor people.
I hope he wakes up. Wakes up, they want us under their control. We're being conquered.
This is economic scorched earth.
You're absolutely right. And I think that living a healthy lifestyle is gonna allow
people to just wake up and realize that we can do this and that no one has a solution,
but we all have a resolution. And that's just to be able to live peacefully. And they're
absolutely trying to usurp and stop us.
Absolutely, brother, God bless you. I appreciate your call. What do you think about sheriff?
You still there?
Yeah, that was righteous. That was really good stuff. I think-
But the thing is, when you talk to good sheriffs or police, they're well-spoken, they're focused,
and they just look different. A patriot looks different than one of these anti-gunners.
These anti-gunners all look like chicken neck criminals. They look like bad guys out of
a movie, like Wormer Grindwood out of Lord of the Rings or something. I mean, they look
like textbook scumbags.
Speaking of that here, I'm having my Beyond Tangent Tangerine, not product placement.
Here I am having my essential fatty acids from Infowarshealth.com. Let's go ahead and
thank you, Arthur, for the call. Let's talk to Steven in Florida. You're on the air.
Hello.
Mm-hm.
Alex, man, I just wanna tell you, I'm honored to be on the show. I've been a fan for the
last year since you've exploded from the two to the nine, like you were saying. I think
it's awful the way they're treating you in the media, man. You deserve so much better
than that.
No, no, but this is great news. Listen, listen, they're doing it cuz we're hurting them.
Exactly. Yes, I mean, I'm not whining about this because they're attacking me. I'm doing
it to discredit them because if I just take it, then they win. This is great. Listen,
what did they say in World War II?
When you got over the actual target, they would have all these smokers miles away with
the prevailing winds and you couldn't see the bomb targets. That's where they had GPS
or ground penetrating or radar to see the targets. They would know where the targets
were by flying into the flak cloud.
So when you're over the flak, man, that means you're over the target, brother.
But they're still not hitting you, they're missing. Like you said-
I don't know, they've hit me quite a few times, but I don't care, but go ahead.
Well, I found that lies are an automated arm of their rhetorical engine. This is a newly
accepted thing, I think, in mass media. People, they fall into this binary between fantasy
and reality that's just endless, and it doesn't matter anymore.
No, that's it, the system has blurred reality with fiction, and for the crowd that's in
a trance, CNN lies work. I mean, if they say I support Dorner, doesn't matter if I was
against him from day one, they don't show any proof, it must be true.
And then they giggle as friends of CNN. They don't have real friends, they just sit in
their house watching CNN, and it reaffirms their delusion.
Mike, I don't expect anything more from literal demons, and that is why I've sworn off mainstream
media. I didn't even know they were saying this about you, cuz I don't listen to it.
And just hearing it-
Sir, it's pell mail, I lied about the bullets. I said the US attacked Russia with a meteor,
never said any such thing. I love Dorner, I mean, it's desperate. I was defeated by
Piers Morgan, it discredits gun owners. Bull, we're calling you out as the red coat, new
world order usurpers. I mean, Paul Revere said get guns and kill people.
Imagine if Paul Revere was around today, all I'm getting in somebody's face, and some of
these not mean conservatives are like, he doesn't speak for us. Exactly, I don't speak
for you. You're the ones that have helped hand us over to the new world order. You don't
speak for me.
Hello, I'm Alex Jones. Myself, my family, the Infowars.com team want to relay to you
and your families that we are intensifying our efforts against the globalist on every
front. Infowars.com is leading the fight against the technocrats, but we can't do that without
your help. By getting the films, bumper stickers and t-shirts at Infowars.com, you will wake
up people in your area and support our operation as we move to the next level. We need your
help to spread the word like never before. They wish to hide themselves during this tectonic
battle between the forces of freedom and darkness. You are the response to the globalist technocrats
and their program of global eugenics dehumanization and ultimate extermination. The war is here.
It's an info war. The spirit of 1776 versus the mindset of 1984.
You land in Buenos Aires, then a shuttle to Santa Rosa, where a nicely furnished cabin
with all amenities, Wi-Fi, executive food and wine and laundry service awaits. After
a good night's sleep, your adventure begins. You're on a golden stag safari for big game.
But it's not Africa. It's Argentina. One on one guided hunts for water buffalo, booger,
bighorn rams, wild boar and the biggest stag deer in South America. All gold metal quality.
All the action you can handle. Land Rovers, top rental guns with scopes, all food, beverages,
hunting guides, ground transportation included and more. All more affordable than you can
imagine. The adventure of a lifetime starts at GoldenStagSafaris.com. The big game hunting
ranch. GoldenStagSafaris.com. We all know that Berkey water purification
systems are the most trusted name in water filtration. As an authorized Berkey dealer
for over six years and serving thousands of satisfied customers, the Berkey guy offers
amazing specials for Berkey water filtration systems. The Berkey light systems include
a set of self sterilizing and re cleanable black purification elements that purify water
by removing chlorine, pathogenic bacteria, cysts and parasites to non detectable levels
and remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides and pesticides. Order the Berkey light system
today complete with two black Berkey elements for only $231 and the Berkey guy will ship
your order free of charge. With the purchase of a Berkey light, the Berkey guy is also
offering a set of fluoride and arsenic filters for only $39.99. That's over 30% off the
retail price. Call the Berkey guy at 1-877-886-3653. That's 1-877-886-3653. Or order online at
GoBerkey.com. That's GoBerkey.com today.
Is it getting better or do you feel the same? Well, DA14, the closest asteroid ever to cross
by the earth since they've been recording that last 60 or so years did not leave without
a bang. There were quite a few big meteor showers all over the world seen from Australia
to Florida, from Cuba to California. And there's still more meteors, fireballs light up Florida
sky that came out this morning, NBC News. And as I said, normally when an asteroid like
that comes around, a lot of times it has stragglers with it because when it's kicked out of the
Kuiper belt outside the edge of the solar system or closer in the asteroid belt, whatever
comet or whatever comes by and knocks them out of the regular orbit generally knocks
some other stuff with them.
And so that's why you've seen the big stone meteors coming in. Of course, it doesn't matter
what I just said, CNN and Atlantic Wire will just say that I said aliens did it or something.
But there you go. Yeah, there's some footage of one of the giant burning craters. Man,
that looks like something out of a movie. Whoa. Man, is that not awesome looking? Oh,
my gosh. Look at that video of that crater. I hadn't seen that one yet. Is that out of
Russia? Wow. Unbelievable. And that thing blew up. That was just one piece of it did
that. Wow. Wow. No wonder that injured over 1,000 people. I think they said like 1,200
now.
Looks like something out of a science fiction movie, man. Whoa. I had all this other news.
We got to a lot of it. I'm gonna shoot some special reports that are gonna be on the nightly
news tonight on the financial end of it. There's a global currency war going on, the G20s meeting
to act like they're trying to fix it.
The war is everybody lowering their currency, which means devaluing it. And that's why gas
prices are exploding. That's the biggest contributive cause. That's why real estate prices have
gone back up and now they're calling it another bubble with more subprime stuff. And it's
a fake economy. And even Alan Greenspan, you know, is on the news saying, we're going over
the edge of the cliff Friday when the globalists engineered all this.
Globalism is death to an economy. It's poison. And it's time to be honest, honest about this
post-industrial world that we're going into. It is some overdrive here in a moment. JD
in California, local sheriff refuses to respond to what you say. What happened to you?
Yeah, I was trying to get a take on all these sheriffs coming out and making public statements
about where they stand on the Second Amendment. And so I've been trying to contact my local
sheriff and over and over again, I've been sending them emails and handwritten letters
and they refuse to comment on it.
So I don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing.
Well, at least you tried. Over 300 sheriffs now say they won't be part of a gun confiscation.
I mean, already 800 plus cities don't arrest illegal aliens, which is constitutional to
do. So why couldn't they ignore something that is constitutional? I mean, yeah, absolutely.
I mean, that's why it makes me mad when I get pulled over sometimes and the cop knows
who I am and asks about guns.
It's just like, it's Texas, you know I don't have a criminal record, you just pulled me
over. Don't ask about my guns, buddy. And they're not all like that, but I get really
angry. Now stop acting like I'm a perpetrator. Stop acting, you know, you wanna peck me into
submission so that I feel guilty and like a criminal so you can be my slave master.
I mean, that's all this comes down to.
Another thing I wanted to tell you about, I got a family that's in special forces and
I just wanted to tell you about the real elitism and Obama's attitude. Someone in my family's
special forces and he and his unit received a medal from Obama for an achievement they
got.
And he said that Obama refused to look any of them in the eyes, that he would look them
in the shoulder, like would refuse to make eye contact with them like they were beneath
him. And that he had a dead fish handshake, you know, there was no muscle, nothing to
it, you know.
Yeah, I've been told some pretty weird stories on people that know Obama, but I'm not gonna,
I don't have authorization to tell those stories on the air.
