Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
It's already, wow, hard to believe it, Thursday, the 14th day of March, 2013. And I've been
kind of hogging the broadcast the last few days, barely opening the phones up. We did
take some calls yesterday with George Norie. I want to open the phones up for listeners
to talk about the incredible breaking news that we didn't predict it.
But we were the first to break it in government documents that they would then just announce
being white would be an act of terrorism to create racial division. I mean, right now,
the white supremacist roles and things are just swelling to record numbers. Just like
if they put you in prison and you're white or you're Hispanic or you're black, you better
go be part of that gang cuz that's how they house you in the wings of the prison.
They're just not a choice. The system forces you into it. Really a masterstroke, LA Times
and others regurgitating, one with MSNBC, the new Justice Department report put out
by their private intelligence army, the Southern Poverty Law Center, their Merck group, saying
being white is inherently racist and evil and terrorist. I'm not joking. And now they've
got universities and groups, if you want to basically get your tuition or get your scholarship,
you've got to sign on to agree to go under Southern Poverty Law Center written manuals.
And Aaron Dykes covered this last night. I'm gonna have him in today. With their actual
printouts in Wisconsin and other states, whites are to wear a white armband or wristband like
Jews wearing yellow stars to show your evil.
And then you, quote, have a minority who is really the majority worldwide and are the
majority in the US, follow you around and tell you how bad you are. It actually says
that. America is a giant reeducation camp. And again, it's about divide and conquer.
It's the government dividing and conquering and putting billboards up saying my people
rise up in Spanish, Mexican flag. And then kids can't wear American flags in school cuz
it's racist. It's total control to say, give me government-run health care, give me gun
control, you're a racist.
You're like, what's that have to do with it? Racist, it's just a political tool. See, they
get you to be politically correct and feel all guilty. I'm not guilty of jack squat,
I'm 39 years old. I grew up in Dallas, Texas. My parents were what you'd call paleo-conservatives,
you'd call them liberals today. But the mainline liberal's really a tyrant, so you wouldn't
call them liberals.
But I was really brought up to be, it's the character of someone's deeds and what they
stand for. And I was sophisticated enough to not buy into being forced into race-based
politics, but that's the tool. They want you in the big city model, whether it's the black
neighborhood, the Hispanic neighborhood, the white neighborhood, the rich white neighborhood,
the rich black neighborhood.
It's also a class system. And then they play that and use communism as the only solution
to get out of it. And then have the media push that, well, that's how you can get out
of it, is a collectivization that's run by the globalists that are offshore. I mean,
was Che Guevara a guy with a lot of courage?
Was he a really interesting person? Yeah, but did he kill tens of thousands of innocent
people personally and enjoy it? To the point of Fidel Castro throwing him out of the country,
and Africa throwing him out, and the Soviets throwing him out, and the Bolivian communists
throwing him out?
Yeah, that's the point. I mean, can I say Hitler had a lot of courage. I mean, he had
a Congressional Medal of Honor. That was the equivalent. He had the Iron Cross first class.
That's the Congressional Medal of Honor. They only handed out a handful of those in World
War I. That's why everybody followed Hitler, cuz he was a big war hero.
And the point was, was he a real person who thought he was doing good? Yeah, but was he
twisted and evil? Absolutely. Well, wait a minute, you don't like the New World Order
and the mega banks, but you don't like Hugo Chavez. Hugo Chavez has like $5 billion of
gold, $2 billion in cash.
I know people who had their small businesses taken by. See, the mega rich want collectivization.
So see, I didn't like Pinochet, a right winger, and I didn't like a so-called left winger
like Che Guevara or a fascist like Hitler. I don't like tyrants, and I'm gonna explain
that with all the big news and our guests coming up when we come back. Stay with us.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your
arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for
intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new do it yourself home security system that is
completely wireless. Go to getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely
customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit, or
shed. Getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under
20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate,
you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe
will stand guard, protecting your property 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Again, that's
getsimplisafe.com. If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened
every day. If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better. You know gas
and food prices are skyrocketing. Now is the time to get prepared. For years, we've told
you about our friends at e Foods Direct. They have the best tasting, long-term, storable
food on the planet. This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight.
A long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing
you need most. Be prepared and get your supply from e Foods Direct. Right now is the best
time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give
yourself peace of mind and be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com
slash Alex. Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go
to efoodsdirect.com slash Alex. You can bet your life on e Foods Direct. Crashing through
the lies and disinformation. It's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. Ladies and gentlemen
coming up in studio, he did a special report on the nightly news about it last night. Aaron
Dykes is joining us. Universities all over the United States are telling whites that
they're inherently evil and bad and making them wear white armbands to symbolize that
they're bad and having them agree under AmeriCorps and they have to agree then to get their tuition
to be followed, quote, by a minority to explain to them how inherently bad it is to be white.
Now again, ladies and gentlemen, this is all run by big offshore mega banks who divide
and conquer. The Romans were experts, said it. The British Empire was experts. African
kings have been experts. If you're an authoritarian, you're an expert at divide and conquer. And
now as the mega banks are sucking us dry imploding the dollar, pumping $85 billion a month into
foreign banks, your taxpayer money that you have to even pay interest on, you bail out
the banks and then pay them interest.
They do this everywhere. They go in, they have sociologists, anthropologists, it's what
intelligence agencies do, just look it up. And they bring in a system to absolutely break
down as much of the society as they can so that everyone's fighting with each other.
And then it creates real tribal division. Racism doesn't really exist. It's called tribalism.
That's why you'll have one group of white tribes next to each other that hate each other
and kill each other. And then the Romans could show up from a different culture and group
and one tribe would team up with them to kill the other.
Same thing with the UN showing up with white Belgian soldiers in the Congo and half the
tribes begging them to kill the other half or Native Americans. Humans are just humans.
We act the same way. And in a primitive sense, this was 2,000 years ago in your area, tribalism
made perfect sense. That's what you'd be part of your group or you'd be dead. And so it's
real but it's not real.
So when they talk about colorblind and pigment and all this stuff, yeah, that's real. But
the system is saying, hey, lower your guard. It's kind of like in Saving Private Ryan where
the guy's fighting, Tom Hanks is fighting with a German soldier. And then the German
soldier says, let's be friends, let's be friends, and then drives the knife into him.
But it's not like the system of politically correct said, be nice, let's all be friends,
let's have equality. And then that was always a double cross from the beginning. There were
always groups really saying that Christians, abolitionists, others all over the world.
There were slaves in Germany, some of the German provinces, the Germania, Austrian Hungarian
Empire until the 1880s, white slaves. But they were so culturally controlled, they were
proud of their slavery.
Mercenary slaves, citizen soldiers raised from birth, Hessians, 10,000 of them were
brought into one flotilla during the Revolutionary War. This is real history, and it's not taught
there. You're only taught America had slavery. You're not taught about indentured servitude,
you're not taught about sharecropping slavery basically. You're only taught about things
to create a guilt narrative so that you're 15 years old and you're white, you feel like
you're evil.
Or you're 39 like I am, brought up to be colorblind, brought up in multicultural Dallas, friends,
everything great. But that was only in phase one. Now the phase is the breakup of America
into a larger North American union with racial subgroups throughout it. And that's Ford Foundation,
that's Carnegie Endowment, that's congressional hearings.
Anthony Sutton wrote about this, he worked for Congress. It's all there, that's the strategic
plan. Because you've got less than 20 ruling global families worldwide over the Anglo-American
establishment. And it was called Anglo because that's what the British Dutch Combine Empire
was called, the Anglo slash Dutch Empire, Saxe-Coburg-Gothas with the House of Orange,
it's also Gotha.
And it's not even really a German royal family, it's a Transylvanian royal family and an Austrian
royal family. Nothing against Transylvanians or Austrians. I'm just breaking down, there
is a Transylvanian family, it's like out of a movie, a vampire movie, that runs the globe,
or most of the globe is trying to mop up areas of Africa, Latin America, Asia, you name it.
And this is the program, I mean, you thought it was House of Windsor, it's Saxe-Coburg-Gothas,
and it's merged with the House of Rothschild. And that's just a fact, I mean, that's what
it is. And it's all divide and conquer, the globalists will finance the Arabs to attack
Israel.
And the globalists will finance Israel to attack the Arabs, and then they have full
spectrum dominance. Just like the globalists will finance the Pakistani Al-Qaeda and the
Taliban Al-Qaeda. And publicly, that's always been public, that's always been in science
journals, that's always been in anthropology journals, that's always been declassified,
that's always been public.
It was public on 9-11 that the hijackers trained at US bases and were US government agents.
It came out in AP, Reuters, Newsweek, but back of the paper, yeah, Mohammed and others
trained at a base, but that's national security, just don't worry about it. They're court marshalling
the kernel that blew the whistle, never mind that.
You see, it's full spectrum dominance, it's globalist above America, having America carry
out its dirty work while we take the blame worldwide. While we take the blame worldwide,
and literally, I was driving into work this morning, I called in on 5.90 AM, my local
AM affiliate. And I called in the morning show, Marc Ed and Sergeant Sam, Sergeant Sam
is a really funny, great guy, he's come by the office before, we're friends a long time.
Marc Caesar's a nice guy, the other guy's kind of a liberal Ed on there. And I called
in, they put me on air, and he goes, shout out and get to the point, because he was talking
about basically, he was kind of the pro-abortion guy, and the other guys were the anti-abortion
guys.
And I heard this black guy calling, and he goes, I'm a black guy in East Austin, and
there's too many kids, that's why we're going bankrupt, and that's why we got a deficit,
we need to abort more kids. They were talking about protests going on in Austin right now
with little kids out there part of the protest, and is it right to teach seven, eight year
olds that they're aborting kids in there?
And I say yes, know how evil it is, know these are humans that are dying. So I call in about
that to go, excuse me, Japan's 1.3, the US is 1.5, 1.6, Italy's 1.3. For every two adults
that were born, baby boomers in the late 40s, early 50s, worldwide, didn't matter what color
you are, if it's an industrialized country, you're having a quarter less children than
you need to just even replace people, and then societies collapse, the actuaries are
known.
And I explained the US has about a 1.5 except for giant immigrant influx. The system has
a point, you gotta bring in immigrants from everywhere, problem is they're put on welfare
and then bankrupt the system as a political takeover, it's not really replacement. Whites
aren't having children, blacks aren't having children, 52% of blacks are aborted.
And this guy was defending that, saying it was good, the caller. So I called in, some
of you probably heard it out there, just to point out the demographics, because I've been
around so many black liberals who aren't really liberals, they're authoritarians, but they
believe they're liberals.
And they're like, you know whites are evil, you know when whites are the devil, you know
you're just inherently a bad race, you inherently are evil. And that's the oldest thing, Jews
are inherently evil, blacks are inherently evil, Hispanics are inherently evil, the red
man savage is inherently evil, the Asians are inherently evil.
That black tribe across the river from me, even though I'm black and have their exact
genetics, they're evil cuz they worship the pelican and we worship the stork or whatever,
let's kill him. It's like the Star Trek episode from the 60s where one guy's got black on
one side of his face, the other guy on the other.
Even though they're exact same genetics, it's just one group's the rulers, the other. That's
how things tend to organize around games, like you're wearing a red hat, I'm gonna kill
you. It was just somebody in New York shot cuz he was wearing a wrong color hat.
You're wearing blue, I'm gonna kill you. And I remember back in the early 90s, I'd be walking
down the street with a blue baseball cap and had the cops pull over to me and say, and
then that's an excuse, yeah, I'm really a crip wearing a blue baseball cap. Again, everybody
likes to organize, dumb people like to organize in the gangs.
I mean, that's basically not even so much dumb, just primitive, it's easy. And that's
how the globalists are basically orchestrating this entire thing. And people really think,
because that's why I've been at the Metro La Raza Hispanic Ku Klux Klan rallies. That's
what it is.
There's not just white Ku Klux Klan, there's black racist groups, all that. But it's so
mainline people think, the city's paying for billboards that say this. There's TV ads how
great this is. Well, I mean, it's sponsored by Miller Beer and Diet Coke, so you get diabetes
and die.
With the aspartame, that's on record, it must be good, let me go join it. And that's only
because they wanna create the balkanization. The Democratic Party was out of power. They
were the party of the Klan and lynching blacks and gun control for blacks. They didn't invent
gun control.
After slaves were freed, the Democratic Party basically got laws in the south pass so blacks
couldn't have guns, so they could abuse them. And then they started really failing, and
the Klan almost took Washington over. And it was actually big then with 500,000 people
marching in DC.
You can pull up the photos of Klan rallies in DC in the 20s, but you guys could probably
do that on horseback and stuff. But they failed, because Christians, whites across the country
mainly said no. And Republicans, and I'm not saying Republicans are good today, they're
just the placeholder for the dominant party, the Democrats. So they said, in Margaret Singer's
Letters Republic, type in Margaret Singer's racist letters, that'll pull them up.
She said we're losing, and these are minutes with John D Rockefeller and others. She said
we're losing the battle if you give me a million dollars a month. And then this was like in
I think 1911. She was a big family planner, euthanizer, you name it, there in New York
City. She said I'll go buy off all the black, W.E.B. Du Bois and everybody, I'll buy them
off, we'll make them heroes, and we'll kill these people.
She said we will eliminate the weeds, and they have. And I can sit there and talk to
one of these black liberals, and they go, I'm glad they're killing 52%. I'm gonna get
more money, cuz 52% of blacks are killed. And you're racist cuz you're white. And MSNBC
will be like, good job, you're absolutely right.
This is how the communists have taken over countries, ladies and gentlemen. And so the
Democratic Party figured out we've gotta now be radical, radical, and actually come out
and say whites are inherently bad. They did this then to fool all the minorities to think,
my gosh, you must be really great people.
And it worked like a charm. I mean, I've sat there at the Che Guevara type stuff with guys
all wearing the same hats, same outfits. And they're like, we're gonna kill you when we
take over. I mean, they're wearing shirts that say, plan a San Diego to kill all whites
over the age of 16. It's been in the newspaper. And I'll go, but they're aborting Hispanics
and they're not good. They're too many people. So killing Hispanics is good, but being white
is racist. You're nobodies. You're dumbed down moron idiots that don't see the big eugenics
picture. And I know I'm racist for not wanting to kill 52% of black people. I understand
MSNBC is mad.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms. But if you don't have a home security
system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When
you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out simply safe.
It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to get simply
safe.com. Simply safe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power. So even
if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable. So you can use it
in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit, or shed. Get simply safe.com. Simply
safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes. So there's no
need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take
the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home, but simply safe will stand
guard protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's get
simply safe.com March into big spring preparedness savings this month at be prepared.com going
on now emergency essentials and be prepared.com save you 28% off your favorite beef and chicken
combo entrees save 24% on number 10 cans of freeze dried raspberries or save 26% on our
freeze dried strawberry slices with purchase of 12 or more Katadyn pocket micro water filters
are 27% off. Try our fruit flavored hydro pack combo water filtering pouches in March
by five 10 packs for a 50% discount stock up on wheat with a year supply of grains for
$70 off only at be prepared.com and this month power up with a goal zero Sherpa 50 solar
powered recharging kit at $110 off MSRP and we'll throw in a free $50 emergency essentials
gift card. The March sale ends March 31 at be prepared.com for contents and details call
emergency essentials at 800-999-1863 or click be prepared.com the choice is clear be unprepared
or be prepared.com. Stop the pain from broken, shipped and damaged nails with a revolutionary
new nail hardener nails of steel. Apply just one drop of nails of steel over natural or
polished nails and go with nails of steel. There's virtually no drying time and it's
guaranteed. Order this all natural antifungal and herbal formula for women and men at nailsofsteel.com.
That's nailsofsteel.com. Nails of steel. It's like a salon in a bottle. Hi, this is
Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered why banks, stockbrokers, investment advisors won't talk
about gold IRAs? They've been available since 1986 yet the financial industry won't recognize
the value of gold for your retirement. Gold is outperformed paper investments yet no word
about IRAs. If you would like to have gold for your retirement call 800-686-2237. Don't
get left behind by rising inflation and low returns call 800-686-2237. Secure your future
and call 1-800-686-2237. We can buy GMOs stressed out about money and blasted by the electric
environment. Hi, I'm Pastor Ginny and that was the state I was in back in 2010. Then
I learned about RNA drops. I learned that 97% of my DNA that scientists have called
junk is actually packed with millions of gene switches that play a critical role in controlling
how my cells, organs and other tissues behave. I learned I don't have to put up with disease
decay or decline like I've been conditioned to believe. I began taking RNA drops, a 100%
natural formula designed to turn on those switches and provide me with amazing health
and joy. Learn more about RNA drops and order a free sample today. Visit rnafreesample.com.
That's rnafreesample.com or call toll free 888-577-3703. Pay only shipping and handling
for a free 30 day supply of RNA drops. Get the information you need and the health you
want at rnafreesample.com. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm Alex Jones, your host. Thank you for joining
us. Aaron Dykes is coming in to talk about the new white guilt bracelets that you'll
have to wear if you want to get college tuition supplemented. And we're going to tie it into
an incredible article that I mentioned yesterday, but I didn't read some of the passages. What
can be done to reverse this tide of belligerent ignorance?
Well, we can have the government form task forces and go after, wait for it. They're
not jihadists, they are white right wing Americans, nearly all with obsessive attachment to guns
who may represent a greater danger to the lives of American civilians than international
terrorists. That's why Homeland Security money needs to be moved from the hunt for foreign
terrorists to the domestic white terrorists, the LA Times.
I mean, you read something like that. And I knew that was coming because all the training
manuals, all the training videos that we broke years ago was whites are terrorists, minorities,
you're going to report them and I guess go hunt them down. And then that's the new, and
you're like, this is insane. It's designed to make whites get totally freaked out and
just become a reactionary, racially voting block under Republicans that then control
them.
And then the Republicans will kind of act as a more honest racial party at one level
while acting like they're trying to be inclusive. I mean, the globalists know what they're doing.
And that's why they're in control and that's why we're slaves. And that's why liberty and
prosperity is being annihilated. It's called divide and conquer, it's called balkanization
and it feels good and everyone basically loves it.
Continuing, the new Pope, Pope Francis, the first Latin American, first Jesuit. Well,
that'll add to all the theories that the Jesuits really run the Catholic Church. And the first
Pope Francis to lead the world's Catholics.
Reminds me of the quote from Stripes, where he goes, don't call me Francis, call me Psycho
or I'll kill you. He goes, okay, Francis. If you haven't seen Stripes, I'm sorry. I'm
a fan of kind of those old corny comedies. It's not as good as Caddyshack, but it pops
in my head.
So we've got that report. Now, lighten up, Francis. That's exactly what he says, you're
right, I didn't quote it properly. He goes, all right, Francis. And he goes, my name's
Psycho. You call me Francis again, I'll kill you. The sergeant goes, lighten up, Francis.
Yeah, that's pretty good. Thanks for reminding me. John Bowne knows all this stuff.
All right, let me give you some of the other news that we'll cover after Aaron's in here
with us. And we do have Sean Siegel in studio, who is the head of a major vaccine awareness
group and has just incredible scientists, doctors, you name it on his radio show, VaxTruth.org.
I'm just very impressed with his research. And he also works with Marcy Terry. So we're
gonna get her on with us as well. I'm gonna get them on in the last hour because that's
a real public service announcement.
It's amazing on the racial front. You can abort 30% of Hispanics roughly before they're
born. You can abort 25% of whites before they're born. You can abort 52% of blacks before they're
born. And then say it's good for the economy, and then say, well, they'll just end up on
welfare and in prison.
And I hear blacks and Hispanics call into the talk shows, and I've debated it on liberal
radio shows, really fascist tyranny shows that call themselves liberal. And I'm like,
what are you gonna do with all these babies? Remember the abortuary guy last year? Did
they go to his house, the abortion doctor?
And he goes, who's gonna take all these ugly black babies? And he's an Asian guy. And I'm
telling you, that's standard Indian guy. Well, technically, that is Asian, my friend, pretty
much. So the point is, is that he says, who's going to keep all these ugly black babies?
And that's held as liberal. I mean, if you call blacks ugly and evil and need to be killed,
you are a liberal.
As long as you say whites are bad, and then a lot of black folks will go, well, you're
saying kill me, but you hate whites, that's good. It's a white person saying it to them.
I mean, it is just mind control. And that's what Aldous Huxley talked about in his farewell
speech before he died in 62 at Berkeley.
You gotta listen to it, it's like an hour and a half long, it's online. I've played
some clips of it in my film Endgame. He says, we've learned how to program you to love your
servitude. And we're going to end the family, and we're going to end society, as you know,
and we're gonna just get rid of the majority of you.
And that's the plan. And my brother runs the UN program to do it at UNESCO, Julian Huxley,
Aldous Huxley's brother. And they write books, they tell you you're doing it. And he said
by 2000, they have most of this in. They are 10 years behind, in the words of Wieczynski.
I'm doing anything that's even further, because it is so crazy.
I mean, the French Revolution run by the Illuminati, look it up, the Jacobins, they wanted a nine
day workweek, the end of the family, a return to barbarism. It's all about playing God.
But I know I'm getting off into history of people. I'm gonna run over some of the big
news here. But the plan is have America carry out the globalist dirty work, and then blame
us politically for it.
So world poll, image of US declines, which was the plan I've always told you, while the
globalists move to the EU and China, and deindustrialize us when they're done with us, they'll implode
us into a giant third world race war.
We're on the march. The Empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing
a full selection of silver based products. Our most popular silver based products are
the 32 ounce nano silver solutions, our two ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well
as our all natural silver soaps. Just released is our 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver
gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and leave the silver
at the surface. But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing
chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the
silver more effectively. Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver
based products are best for you. That's www.silverlungs.com. Introducing pro one all of your filtration in one system portable on the go.
No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system
that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing
technology combined silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media
or removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only
one that does it and out of the gates we have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your pro pure with
the new pro one filters today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions
are stockpiling food, gold and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you
for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective
against bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver
has over 500 different uses and a long term shelf life, making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com. Use the promo code prepared for 20% off your
entire order and like us on Facebook. Crashing through the lies and disinformation. It's
Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. All right, my friends, you have found it the front lines
of the info war trying to build a true, free, enlightened Renaissance society of true liberty,
where we're judged by the character of our daily activities, by what we build, by what
we construct, not by numbers, not by groups. The globalists are at war against the individual.
That's why they say gun owners are responsible for anybody that's killed, not the criminals
using tools, like a baseball bat or a knife. Is it the baseball bat or the knife? No, they're
saying we collectively did Sandy Hook. And it's now coming out. In fact, Bloomberg's
bragging about it. And Aaron Dyer said a report on this yesterday, we're gonna cover it in
a moment, where he said, I was all ready and set for the next shooting to exploit it to
get the guns.
And that's what Feinstein said two weeks ago. She said, there will be more events and we're
going to get this done. They have a plan. That's why Obama said, we can't allow one
more shooting. We can't allow one more thing like this to happen. You gotta turn your guns
in or the kids will die. Kids died, my gosh, it's your fault. A woman in New York, Manhattan
mother jumps eight stories to her death with her infant son strapped to her chest.
She survives with minor injuries cuz she hit on her back and the baby was in a little carrier
on her front. So the baby bounced and she said she was a bad mother. I bet a million
dollars if somebody wants to wager that she was on antipsychotics, which actually make
you psychotic on the insert.
They call them antidepressants. They're really antipsychotics and they make you psychotic.
I mean, it's always the same. It just makes them whack out and do it. You read about mothers
chopping their kids arms off, drowning them. But actually, it's not her fault. It's the
building's fault. Because it's the gun's fault. Somebody got shot in New York for wearing
a hat the wrong color.
That's also in the news yesterday by a gang. But it's not gang mentality that's the fault.
It's the gun and the hat. And also she was white. So that's another reason she's white.
So according to the LA Times, when she's married to it, I mean, if you're a white guy, you're
a terrorist according to the LA Times.
So I mean, that's the crazy logic they would have you believe cuz she's not an individual.
It's not her fault. It's not drugs she may have been on. It's the fault of the eight
story window balcony she jumped off of. And I think that's reasonable. I mean, it's the
building did it. An inanimate object. I mean, it was that sheer face. It was that base jump
without a parachute that killed her, just like the gun.
And so I say, ban buildings above one story. And make everyone, well, see, that's where
this logic goes. That's where all of this is happening. They have the science fiction
books written where they make everybody handicapped if anybody else is handicapped. And people
thought, that's overdone. No, no, that's where all this is going. So we're gonna be breaking
all of that down.
We're gonna go to the economic news. Physicists say they have found the Higgs boson, which
they plan to do at the Hadron superconducting supercollider. So we're gonna be getting into
all of that. This was an alternative news a few days ago. Now it's in Reuters today.
You asked to let spy agencies scour American finances. Of course, the headlines a few days
ago were they've already been doing it.
But now that's what his executive order last year did. Congress wouldn't pass it, so he
just did it. They're just trying to quasi legalize what they've already been criminally
doing. But I don't care if Obama signs an order and tells Congress they can't see it.
But now Congress is demanding to see it. So we're told, you know what? Spy agencies run
by foreign globalists are watching everything you're doing with no warrant.
And guess what? The new threat in Al-Qaeda, it's white people, it's returning veterans,
it's conservatives, it's libertarians, and that's not racist at all. And the government's
teamed up with everybody else who are useful idiots if they join it. Hey, let's get them,
let's get those gun owners.
Yeah, I'm turning my gun in. They want you to associate racially with having no rights
and socialism under a fascist regime. Socialism, grassroots, fascism above it, that's the real
system. They want you to associate your identity with being an idiot, with being a chump, with
being a sucker, with being a schmuck, with being a mark, with being a fool.
Well, I'm not your fool, okay? And everybody needs to just get religion, get reality, get
social engineering. Most people that understand this go and join the dark side. I've talked
to a lot of people in the power structure and they just go, come on, man, you know the
public is, they're a bunch of idiots.
They're not gonna listen, they don't want your help, they wanna be slaves. Come jump
on the team and come in for the big win. Well, you know what? It doesn't look to me like
you're jumped on a team and coming in for a big win. Society is falling apart and no
one is insulated from this craziness.
The big lie is when you screw somebody over, they're gonna have the attitude to screw people
over and it's all gonna come back on you. And I don't want that on my conscience, I
don't want that in my name, okay? And I'm sick of the government and the social engineers
and the power structure acting like they're the great high and mighty that hand down the
law and they say what's racist and they say what's good and they say what's bad when they
are a bunch of murdering, lying, eugenicist, social engineer globalist who 24 seven go
to Delphi technique seminars and stuff on how to manipulate and lie to you.
You know what I'm using? My hardwired gut and instinct for liberty. I don't need to
go to your fancy schools. I got the truth that trumps all your lies all day. I don't
need your psychopath silver tongue. I've got the tongue for liberty. I've got a tongue
that wants to survive.
I've got the tongue that knows the truth. And you know what? The truth is self evident.
It's not like it's some big secret. But because it's laying all around us, people don't value
it. People don't value it. They think evil and corruption is going to give them power
and it's not going to do that.
Now let me tell you, as I said yesterday, we're gonna go to Aaron. I'm gonna start the
next hour. Go to your calls and cover news. Call free number to join us. 800-25-99231.
First time callers. 800-25-99231. But I want to say this here right now. I told you they
would shift everything into a race war for Homeland Security and I told you that 11 years
ago.
I could see the writing on the wall. It's in my films. It's on record. It's in police
state 3 total enslavement 2002. It's all broken down because I've been to the drills. I've
read the manuals. I've gotten the secret documents. It's been national news probably 20 times
or more.
It's on record, okay? I know what I'm talking about. But it's gotten totally obvious in
the open the last two years because this is the game plan. It was all laid out. Bush,
Obama, the fix is in. Romney to take the dive, all of it, okay? It's not that Obama's bad
so Romney's good. It's all bad. It's not that fascist are bad so communist are good. It's
communist and fascist are bad.
Learn that it's not just the two choices they give you. It's not globalist bad so Che Guevara
good. No, it's all bad, okay? You need to understand that and you need to not just see
boldness by the globalist as their right to rule. Hitler was bold. Stalin was bold. Fidel
Castro was bold. Mao was very bold.
Che Guevara was a follower of Mao and wanted forced collectivization that killed about
a third of the Chinese people. You're talking about mass death here, ladies and gentlemen.
But it's sexy. It's fun. These young idiots out there, they just have this smile like,
you're scared of my power wearing some stupid iconic image when I actually want to free
you.
Because if I don't free you, we're not getting out of this because we've got to have a revolution
of awakening to have any future. And it's got to happen with you deciding to get out
of your emotional garbage and to get outside the box with full spectrum analysis and see
how you're being played. And sure, they set things up in a racial, cultural, regional
divide and conquer.
So there are real people buying into it who are tribally coming against you if you're
white or if you're any other color. There is an opposing racist group and you see the
racism and you're white and you're told it doesn't exist and you're inherently bad. So
it makes you mad so you become a white supremacist, which is also globalist run, just like a prison
is broken up into racial groups. If you don't have this awakening and this understanding,
they're already putting poison in our food and water no matter what color you are.
They're already setting up death panels. They're already gearing up for all this. We're all
under attack and we've got to have a full shift awakening to this if we have any hope,
okay? If a conservative said black babies were ugly, a doctor, it would be national
news on MSNBC for six months straights and riots all over the country.
But when the establishment shoots a black youth in the back for no reason in New York,
nothing's ever going to be done about it. Or when every liberal I've ever talked to
says, who's going to adopt the black babies? Which actually there are groups to do that.
In fact, you have the black baby clip? Let's go ahead and play that clip and then I'm going
to go to the news and go to Aaron.
There's Planned Parenthood tapes, Project Veritas about, I want to give money to get
rid of the blacks. Yes, we understand. So let's go ahead and play this clip. But again,
you'll never see this. Because again, an enemy, we had German soldiers in World War II that
came to US bases dressed in US military uniforms who'd been brought up in the US and spoke
fluent English.
Nowadays, people would salute them. They would salute a foreign Chinese general who was about
to nuke America if he wore a uniform, even if they knew he was a communist general. Because
the uniform is what matters. If hijackers put on the captain's uniform, they would salute
him.
They would slit their baby's throats under orders, because it's about serving the image.
You understand that? And of course, I'm being a little sarcastic here. But the globalists
have hijacked, they've taken everything over. They're puppeting things with a hand puppet.
And you've got to have that epiphany. You've got to have that quickening of understanding.
You've got to understand how this works if there's any future. And again, it is a sacrament,
a sacrament to kill their babies.
And you're racist if you don't want to kill the minority, now majority, babies. So see,
that's why I just want you to know that. And I know it hurts your ideology of race-based
liberation theology. You were taught if you're white, black, Hispanic, Asian, in public school,
then in the college.
I understand this is freaking you out, because your whole identity is about this. But this
is the reality. And just admit who you are and admit what you are, and then there's hope
for you. Let's go ahead and go to this clip.
I'm not profiting. I was a taxpayer. I do not wish to pay for those babies to be born
and brought up and kill those people in Colorado. Go ahead and pay for that. Let me see you
adopt one of those girls.
All right, you've got evil whites, obviously terrorists, because the LA Times, and they
say being white is terrorism. We played the ugly black baby part. I heard it in there
once. I mean, there's more of it coming up. We don't have time to play at all. There's
time for an ugly black baby.
You'll get that in a bunch of other videos. And the evil whites are there saying, let
us adopt the baby. They obviously only be sent to a FEMA camp. I mean, they're scum.
But the Indian guy from Asia, he's good. He's a wise person. And so he's obviously right.
Now if the white Christians said kill the ugly black babies, it'd be all over the news.
But see, that's cuz they're white. They're bad people. And you have to understand that.
And so if I put up a billboard saying whites rise up, that's racist. If the city of Austin
pays for it for Hispanics, that's a good thing. And there's no doublespeak there. There's
no 1984 there. There's no, no, no.
And so here it is. Government wants volunteers to wear white guilt bracelets. Aaron Dykes
is here to talk about that. Then the LA Times is also reporting again saying, quote, the
new threat is not al-Qaeda. They're not jihadists. They are white right wing Americans. And that
they believe in a new world order conspiracy theory.
Doesn't matter world governments being openly set up everywhere. And by the way, we don't
just have the CNS news article on this. We have what you do to learn in the reeducation
camp that's the college or the AmeriCorps, if you want any of this government funding.
And soon they're now announcing compulsory service where you have to go into AmeriCorps
and FEMA Corps to get out of high school or college.
In fact, they said four years ago it'd be the law, but they haven't been able to do
that. But they're trying. And see, it's about social engineering. Once you're in a collective
system, we get to say what you eat. Well, if a bunch of blacks are on welfare as a cliche,
well then we must be able to kill them because we're paying for them.
See how that works? It's not get you on welfare, force you on welfare. Blacks had less illegitimacy
than whites in the 1930s and 40s. I mean, look it up, look at the demographics. They
had under 10%, whites at a higher level, extremely religious, extremely conservative, extremely
upright, extremely setting up powerful communities and businesses and threatening the power structure.
They just integrated, and I'm not against immigration as a real integration, a fake
integration with cultural death programmed into it. Now blacks are 93% illegitimate.
You go, what's wrong with single mothers? That's the spin. No, no, no, you're just four
times more likely to be in prison or drugs. If there was never anybody at home, ever.
Now, if there's a divorce later, that's another issue. It's not as bad. The point is they
know what they've done. Now they're breaking up everybody's families. That's the model.
And it's so cold blooded to sit here and not be some bleeding heart, but to want a fair
shake for everybody. Cuz I'm confident, I don't need to put you down so I can be successful.
I wanna build you up. And hell, if you get built up higher than me, you'll just raise
everything up. The rising tide raises all ships. I understand how the universe really
works cuz it's just prima facie.
It's in my soul, my gut, everything. And in the kingdom of the blind, the one-eyed man
is king. As I think it was a Protestant philosopher said about 400 years ago. And people said,
what does that mean? Well, you could see it as the Illuminati perspective. They want you
culturally blind, spiritually blind, financially blind, because then you can be fully enslaved.
So I bring in Aaron Dykes, and while he's talking, I've got a document, Cam, I could
show prisonplanet.tv viewers the actual mental model. It says addressing racial privilege,
a mental model for white anti-racist.
And it shows them to see everything according to a group, not as individual, and like Jews
to start wearing the yellow star, but it's a white bracelet. And Aaron Dykes, we're gonna
come back from break in a moment, but break down this amazing report. It's up at infowars.com.
That's the thing, life is about individuals. I take anybody from any background with the
basic respect until it's violated, no matter where they come from. They do want us thinking
in groups and they want us all brainwashed.
I am kind of a bleeding heart in terms of I don't like to see people downtrodden. But
that doesn't mean I'm gonna hand the reins of power over to big government who want everyone
dependent, who wanted to base people.
No, no, they want them dead. Yeah, and they're like, I wanna buy the fact that you're inherently
evil whitey. I wanna kill my babies. I'm like, okay, go ahead and kill your babies then.
I've been personally attacked for not endorsing the black genocide. I don't, I won't endorse
that.
That's cuz you're racist. You're against blacks cuz you don't want them dead.
But this is the whole like sensitivity, brainwashing, political correctness to an extreme. And anyone
who follows these guidelines is not gonna be respected by other race groups for bowing
down to put-
Racist.
They want you to deal with your white privilege and put on a white wristband and walk around
and talk to people about how you're coming to terms with your white privilege and-
It actually says that. I'm gonna show people a document cam right here. And folks, the
answer to this, we'll talk about that after the break, is to just stop buying into it.
We have to totally go against political correctness. It is because it's Soviet, they used this
in the Soviet Union, they called it that.
Yeah, and they were all about that. But I'm not the first to point out that the slavery
today is primarily economic. We're all under the debt bubble burden and being controlled
by the larger system. Slavery is a horrible legacy, but it happened most-
They want you to be obsessed with that so that you don't see the real current thing
happening.
And they want people of color, as they call them here in this document, I'm not necessarily-
Which is even politically incorrect. See, they can't even follow their strictures.
They want people from minority backgrounds not to embrace their rights and to think that
the American Revolution is shameful because they were involved in slavery. And it is in
aspects of slavery, but we all have to embrace our rights. It's too bad those rights weren't
recognized for other groups sooner.
But they'll never look at the real history. The only point is they tried to get rid of
it then too, but it's a side issue. History is criminal.
They want a guilt trip, everyone. The SPLC is involved in this, all the cultural programming.
And like you said, this is being driven through schools, through AmeriCorps, through the college
programs. And they want everyone indoctrinated for the new society.
And again, they know that the ones they can get will join the socialist army because they
attach this race stuff to- and you're a communist too, to prove you're good. They know the rest
of the whites will run and become absolute racist, which is what they want. They want
everybody divided in groups instead of the culture being the liberty, bill of rights,
private property. They're deadly afraid of individualism.
They're pushing buttons.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day. If you're
listening, you know the economy is not getting better. You know gas and food prices are still
skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared. For years we've told you about our friends at e Foods
Direct. They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food on the planet. This food will
taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long-term food supply allows
you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most. Be prepared.
And get your supply from e Foods Direct. Right now is the best time to stock up and save
hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give yourself peace of
mind. And be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com slash Alex. Get
free shipping on all orders for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go to efoodsdirect.com
slash Alex. You can bet your life on e Foods Direct.
In an emergency situation, would you drink contaminated water? You could if you had the
amazing LifeStraw from mypatriotsupply.com. LifeStraw is the most advanced personal water
filter available today. It filters contaminated water from almost any source. LifeStraw is
lightweight and compact. Perfect for hiking, camping or in an emergency like a flood. LifeStraw
is easy to clean, comes with a one-year warranty and has been used worldwide since 2005. Get
the amazing LifeStraw personal water filter at mypatriotsupply.com. Plus, check out Survival
Seed Vault, 20 seed varieties for only $37.95, Tatler canning lids, long-term storable foods
as low as $69.95 and much more at mypatriotsupply.com. Enjoy stress-free shipping on all orders over
$49. Call 866-229-0927 or visit mypatriotsupply.com. That's 866-229-0927, mypatriotsupply.com.
For emergency preparedness, self-reliance and food independence.
Is this the year you finally get serious about your family's drinking water? If so, keep
listening for a special offer from Big Berkey Water Filters. Did you know that over 60%
of municipal water is fluoridated? Berkey Water Filters distinguish themselves from
many other filtration systems with the capability to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine,
fluoride, arsenic and disinfection byproducts from municipal water via the Black Berkey
and PF line of filters. Then there's affordability. At only 1.7 cents per gallon, Berkey Water
Filters purify treated and untreated water, even stagnant pond water. Stop and think how
much money you could save by simply reducing buying bottled water and using water filtered
by your Berkey Water Filter. No need to be constantly replacing expensive filters with
a Berkey. A single set of filters can last for 5 to 10 years. Choose the best size Berkey
for your needs at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com. And right now, all GCN listeners get 5% off
all ceramic filter systems. Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY. That's 877-99-BER-KEY or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
Free shipping on every order over $50. Big Berkey Water Filters, for the love of clean
water. And again, the globalists aren't just trying to destroy the way humans have always
operated and created this new technocracy by the basic divide and conquer type race
stuff that's being engaged in. They are also putting additives, the food and water. I mean,
we're under scientific manipulation and only being aware of, kind of like the Truman Show,
that there's a larger system outside of that. And that's literally what it's becoming. That's
how the globalists describe it, that we're like animals in artificial habitat and they're
sociologists, anthropologists, biologists studying us. I mean, that's how they describe
it in all their books.
Aaron, I know you've read over 100 books and probably 300, 400 of their manuals. You've
reviewed them on the Nightly News the last few years. You've been here almost seven years
now, looking at this. You were going over to Charlotte Iserby, who was number two of
the Department of Education under Reagan. I mean, she's got the studies in there where
they tried in the 50s and 60s to play brown hair against blonde hair in public schools
as test.
I mean, they want divide and conquer. That's what they're always telling you about. Let's
come together, so let's look at our differences. They are exacerbating them.
Yeah, and you alluded to the fact that the technocrats, the eugenicists use data and
the power of experts always to rule over us. And it's always the experts telling us to
do the family planning, the eugenics program. And they have studied psychology and specifically
applied it to their rulership, and they're punching our buttons with race issues.
That's what they're doing. The real racism has mainly died out, at least in my generation.
Everybody was friends with everybody, is very cosmopolitan, very diverse, at least in my
school.
That was phase one.
I know it's not like that everywhere.
No, but that's phase one.
But the point is, they're not just doing it with race. In the studies from education and
the things they did in experimental fashions as far back as the 60s, Isabey has an old
document.
They put estrogen in the plastic and it's in government documents, and the White House
Science Czar admits it. They literally attack our testicles.
I know that.
But that's racist too, to say they shouldn't do it.
But all the black leaders have gone along with the eugenics. The Chinese leaders have
gone on with the eugenics, Indian leaders, everybody.
This is the global government.
The people who rise to the top have agreed to the eugenics pack, agreed to the New World
War, went along with the technocracy.
Bloomberg talks about how much he uses data to rule over and make his decisions.
No, tell people about that article. We're gonna get to more of that in the next hour,
where he admits, I was ready for the next shooting. I'm gonna tell you what to drink,
what to eat, cuz I care about you. I control you.
Bizarre articles.
Yeah, of course, they were waiting for the next tragedy, cuz that's all they can do is
like vultures just waiting.
Well, that's how within two minutes of all these events, they're on it. That's the sign.
They're at the starting line. In fact, sometimes they jump the gun like Building 7, they report
it had fallen before it did.
Yeah, so they're always pushing our buttons.
How do you jump the gun, Aaron?
I don't know, because-
How did they print?
You just see it coming.
How did they print Lee Harvey Oswald's photo and name in Asian and Australian newspapers
hours before he was even arrested?
How did they start showing bin Laden's face minutes after the towers fell?
But it would mean they were having to do it.
Oops, that's how the government started to figure it out.
Well, that's racist, cuz you're talking about, I mean, he's Irish. Why are you racist?
Yeah, you're right, I guess. Yeah, but the point is they're pushing her.
Well, I mean, you don't want to turn your guns in? That's racist. You don't want a ham
sandwich? I mean, that's evil.
Well, they've driven up the race issue during Obama because that's his only cover, because
everybody would be angry.
No, they're in 10 African countries lining blacks up and shooting them, but that's liberal.
But they won't talk on the telephone.
Those are ugly black babies, though.
About killing black people in Libya.
Say black babies are ugly and you'll be a liberal.
Yeah, well, I'm not going along with that genocide.
The point is-
So you're a racist.
They're using that racial-
God, you're a racist.
Anytime-
No, no, and that's why we need to talk about it with everybody, get it out in the open.
People need to stop being uncomfortable about government sponsored terror, about deadly
vaccines.
They're trying to force those on us. We're all under attack. We've got to just get this
out in the open. And if we want to kill each other later after we defeated the New World
Order, that's fine. That's what you're into, whatever. But my thing is, that's why I can't
stand all these race groups, white supremacist, all of them.
They will never talk about eugenics. They will never talk about the real scientific
technocracy. It's all Catholics are bad. Jews are bad. Blacks are bad. Mexicans are bad.
It's always this group or that group runs it all. Or the, you know, the, the Masons,
the reptoids, instead of how about systems of divide and conquer, systems of collectivization.
Let's talk about Bloomberg. I actually have those articles when we come back.
This is GCN, the Genesis Communications Radio Network.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day. If you're
listening, you know the economy is not getting better. You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared. For years, we've told you about our friends at eFoods
Direct. They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food on the planet. This food will
taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long-term food supply allows
you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most. Be prepared.
And get your supply from eFoods Direct. Right now is the best time to stock up and save
hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give yourself peace of
mind and be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex. Get
free shipping on all orders for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com
slash Alex. You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
Waging war on corruption, Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Big brother, mainstream media, government coverage.
You want answers?
You want answers?
Well, so does he.
Well, so does he.
He's Aaron Dikes.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Aaron Dikes is with us.
And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
That's right. Monday through Friday, 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. I'm going to go to your calls coming
up here in the next segment. And then later I will get more into this. But let's talk
about it some right now. Actually looking around in my stack for it. You did a special
report on it. Oh, you have it? The whole Bloomberg thing. I mean, talk about Bazaar. He comes
out in newspapers and it's like, he cares so much. That's why he's going to run your
life with data. And he's so smart. He's an idiot savant. And that's why he was premeditatedly
waiting for the next shooting to get your guns.
That leads me to Dianne Feinstein saying there will be, two weeks ago, there will be other
events. She smiled. There will be other events. And we're going to get the guns. Mr. and Mrs.
America get ready to turn him in. And they're just going to make it like Aaron, you go you
own a gun.
You kill the next person when there's always going to be death. There's always gonna be
bad guys. It's the people, Aaron. Well, this gets into the whole Tavistock Institute issue,
which is a whole another subject, but it's related. These psychologists throughout history
from Germany, from Britain, for the last 150 years have gotten together, shared their research
and figured out how can they use that hierarchy of needs?
How can they use reward and punishment behaviorism to control the masses? They've applied it
through people like Edward Bernays, who of course was related to Sigmund Freud through
Carl Jung's findings, to keep people down, to punch their buttons. They've figured out
how people are programmed, how they're likely to react, at least statistically.
And they've learned to manipulate societies through it. Bloomberg, Bill Gates, these people
are playing off of what the Fabian socialists did, Aldous Huxley, people in Skull and Bones.
Which learned that from the first German proto-psychiatrist in the late 17, 1800s. But expanding on that,
exactly, it's like a slow Loris attack with hacking. It's not so much a denial of service.
It just keeps doing a master command over and over again. It just keeps asking, like
extending the hand, but never shaking it. Like, shake my hand and then you comb your
hair.
It's like, hey, the black helicopters raided town today. No, they didn't. Yeah, it was
on the news, we all saw it. No, we didn't, crazy. And then they gaslight and all go,
you didn't see it, you didn't see it. There's no bullets, there's no. And you're like, well,
yeah, it is. And it doesn't matter if you're informed to know the sheep go. And they'll
start like a five-year-old laughing like, ha ha, you are wrong.
If you have an elephant in your living room, and if David Rockefeller said it's not there,
the general public go, it's not there, it's not there. I mean, it's like five-year-old
behavior.
Well, people get mad and call you racist for talking about Margaret Sanger's Negro Project
and trying to buy off black. They'll go, that word's racist. Don't tell me they want to
kill me. Racist, words are racist. They arrest people in England for saying homosexual.
I know they do.
Big word, Robin Page BBC. That's part of the behaviorism they're trying to push on us.
But then you read Edward Bernays, I've actually read it. I know what he talks about, buying
off leaders, buying off pastors, buying off magazine heads. So you can push your message
top down and people will buy it because they're in splinter groups and they're into it.
And it's peer pressure. The key is stop caring what people think. And then look at this study
that they did in schools in the 60s, 70s, whatever. They took people with blonde hair,
put them in one group. They said, today we're gonna do an exercise. You're blonde, you get
on this side of the room. You're brown headed, the majority of the room, you get on this
side of the room.
And the brown headed people are gonna taunt and make fun of and put down the blonde haired
people. They did this all day throughout the exercise. When the exercise is over, they
flip it. They reward the blonde headed people with candy or treats or whatever and deny
them to the brown headed people. So they then have, there's a cross referencing of denial
of privilege.
Pavlovian privilege. It's Pavlovian and Skinnerism explicitly. That's explicitly what they were
doing in the class.
And so get it folks, they're putting stuff in your water. They're killing all of us.
And they're telling us whites are racist terrorists in the LA Times with straight faces because
it says we imagine a world government that's all being announced. Financial Times, world
government is here, run by banks.
And now for world government, it's all, Davos, 100 trillion in taxpayer money in the next
decade will fund our world government. They're exempt from taxes. You're like, maybe I was
like, that's pretty racist.
So you see how with the blonde brown hair example, it's a pushing of the button. It's
a card they play in the deck of cards. Whenever people get mad about what Obama's doing against
the Constitution, play the race card. It'll divide everyone. Everyone-
Exactly, all it is is just, all it is is like wolves are chasing you, throw a bone over
your shoulder. But it's not even a bone, it's a cyanide bone. And then people get to where
they value it.
The only thing they know is how to identify racially. And the globalists are the ones
in the media that punch that, they have stimuli that they can respond to.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system,
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping
or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new
do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power, so even if the grid
goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed. Getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is also ridiculously
easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes. So there's no need to let a stranger into
your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever
you go. You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's getsimplisafe.com. Introducing Pro
One. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more do you have two
or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts out the sodium
fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new Aquamedics advanced media for removal of fluoride
and other heavy metals, all in one filter element. It is the only one that does it.
And out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine. Hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
a new Pro One filter today at infowarskstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Big Brother, Mainstream Media, Government Cover-Ups.
You want answers? Well, so does he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live
from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Hi, this is John Napolitano with the Office of Homeland Security. Our new Southern Poverty
Law Center report says that white men with guns are the number one terror threat and
just believing in a new world order conspiracy theory or the second coming of Christ is an
act of terrorism. We are going to establish a task force to deal with all of you. Again,
thank you for listening and remember, white people are terrorists unless you're a communist.
Again, if you just joined us, ladies and gentlemen, I'm not joking. Peril from patriots, the US
needs to keep a close watch on growing threat of homegrown extremist groups. And it goes
on to say what can be done with the rise of the tide of belligerent ignorance? No, they're
not jihadist. They're white, right-wing Americans, nearly all of which obsessively attach to
guns.
Nearly all that obsessive attachment to guns. See, they want us to have an obsessive attachment
with race. They are scared at the obsessive attachment to individualism, obsessive attachment
to family, obsessive attachment to private property, obsessive attachment to privacy,
obsessive attachment to wealth that comes from freedom. They want you to be obsessed
on race, and then they can tie that to socialism and collectivism, which the big mega banks
have created because they're exempt from it all.
Came out two days ago, more than, what was it, 15, 16 major companies? Hundreds of billions
a piece, 108 billion, in fact, show viewers that. 108 million, General Electric has offshore
tax-free. If you make a few million dollars, say you sell a restaurant or something, somebody
that this happened to, went to main line lawyers, moved about a million dollars of it to a Caribbean
main line island where they wanted to build a retirement home.
The government just called it all illegal, even though it was after-tax money, and took
it all. You're not gonna move a million dollars down to the Bahamas or to the Caribbean somewhere
to live. You're not gonna move that into a Swiss bank after you even pay taxes, cuz you
know they may take it later.
They're putting currency and capital controls in. But if you are just one of their low-level
minions, like Mitt Romney, you wanna have hundreds of millions offshore, go ahead, baby.
Go ahead, baby.
Yeah, just type 108 billion offshore, General Electric. It's AP, International Business
Times, Business Insider. We showed it yesterday. Everybody saw it. The point is, Aaron Dykes,
I'm gonna go to calls here, but you were getting into now, through AmeriCorps, which they're
saying you're gonna have to have to get out of high school or college.
You've gotta wear white bracelets, and read that. Wear a quote minority, that's the new
God class, but not really. Since you survived abortion and type 2 diabetes and all their
chemical weapons now, you'll be used as cannon fodder to henpeck people, because of their
guilt will be receptive.
Okay, I'll do whatever you say, teach me how I'm bad, so you'll learn to, okay, I only
identify as a group. See, it's not about, it's the opposite of what Martin Luther King
said, not the color of skin, but the character of your deeds. I mean, this is wild mind control.
Aaron, the whole office is asking, will we wear bracelets saying we're bad?
Well, I don't know, but it's so weird and so far beyond the idea of can't we all just
get along or something like that. It's write notes to yourself every day, reminding yourself
of your white privilege. Wear a white wristband to honor your privilege, and as a personal
commitment to explain why you wear the wristband.
Find a person of color willing to hold you accountable for addressing your white privilege.
And it's so creepy, think about it. They send people from these schools, from these volunteer
groups to the White Privilege Conference. That document's over here with the slogan
got privilege. And they get you to get up on stage with people who probably are your
black friends or your Hispanic friends.
And these people use it as a political weapon. And then again, the Hispanics, blacks and
others, they associate their new power with the state that dictates all this. See the
Pavlovian stimulus, you're the dog in the cage, they ring the bell, they give you the
meat. You feel powerful when you grovel, they feel power when they say, La Reconquista,
which is all funded by Ford Foundation.
Cuz the last thing they want is for people to embrace the Bill of Rights Constitution
as a unifier.
They wanna erase the rights and they never wanna talk about how the way that people stay
downtrodden is by getting dependent on government welfare handouts. Why? Because then they can
tell you whether or not you're gonna have that baby, whether or not you're gonna get
that abortion, how you're never gonna-
How you're gonna get hundreds of vaccines now and wonder why you get cancer and both
your legs sawed off of diabetes.
Why is all this happening? Well, it's in their own manuals, they're killing you, but they're
liberal. Hi, I'm wearing sandals, give you the shot, you have a nice day now. Ugly black
baby, just like the liberals say, let's kill the black babies, and that's liberal.
It's creepy, and you've got some of the top black leaders-
Admit killing black babies is liberal.
No, it's liberal like Hitler liberal.
No, no, he was liberal, he was a national socialist. Admit you were wrong and agree
with that abortionist.
They're saying that Nazism is national socialism, that's racism too.
I know, they actually say that.
You have to wear the white bracelet like Jews had to wear the yellow star, but if you talk
bad about it, that's racist.
Well, and if your mom makes a pastry that looks like a gun, wasn't even a gun, you're
gonna be kicked out of school. And if somebody pulls a gun on a bus, well, it's meant to
just be whatever crazy order we give you. I've explained Marine Corps brainwashing,
they don't do it anymore because it was too bizarre.
And it did create, it was a Prussian model of brainwashing, they developed the shaved
head, the soldiers-
That's where the psychology comes from.
No, the lack of sleep, yeah, exactly. The Prussians had the best German slaves to sell,
the white military slaves, Prussian Hessians. Well, they both came from both places, but
the point is a sub-district.
And if you look at that, and if you look at what they did, again, it's the same thing
happening today.
Yeah, it is, and this is just weird brainwashing. This is not gonna foster respect between different
communities. This is only gonna create new weird thoughts in people like wearing a white
wristband and now, but they're doing this to teachers. I forgot the whole source wasn't
even CNS News, who always break great stuff, it was some other group, I'm sorry, I don't
remember their name.
They're doing a whole documentary on how the teachers in Wisconsin are being brainwashed
to deal with their white privilege and how they're not ready to teach minority students
until they admit and come to terms with the shame of being white. How weird is that?
And they're teaching everywhere, there's no free speech, but getting back to the Marine
brainwashing, I'm not attacking Marines themselves. The point is it's German military technology,
that's a fact, go look it up, from a group selling soldiers, selling shiploads of soldiers
anywhere in the world who were so brainwashed they were happy to be slaves.
I mean, that's mind control, that's kindergarten. All of this stuff comes out of the Prussian
mind control model, skull and bones, everything as you said, they brag about this. We're giving
you the history of this, the guts of this, where it all came from. But that's why when
you see, they hired that former real Marine Corps drill sergeant, most of that was impromptu
at Stanley Kubrick's Full Metal Jacket where they're walking around grabbing their genitals
in really a sexual ceremony saying, this is my rifle, this is my gun, this is for fighting,
this is for fun.
And they taught them sexual Pavlovian connection to the rifle, so that there would actually
be a sexual hormone release in the brain, pre-sexual, I forget the name of the exact
hormone. But the ancients knew this as well, the ninjas used sex to train people in Japan
to go train for ten years to be an assassin, go kill your target, then commit sepia kill
yourself like a kamikaze so that no one can find out who hired the killer.
I mean, just with sex, they train people to kill. It's like they can train Muslims to
blow themselves up thinking it's for Allah, you don't just need drugs for mind control.
But that's what it's all about, is that they create a Pavlovian connection to it. So it's
a Pavlovian trigger where you go, I don't think I want troops on the street racist.
I don't think I want socialism racist. Guns are racist, what's your argument? There is
not racist, and they smile. They're literally psych warfare chiefs who know they're psych
warfare chiefs. Most of these even mid-level liberals are actually fascist, exterminous
eugenicists. They don't just wanna kill black people, they wanna kill everybody.
It's like when my dad got called in because he was top of his class at UT. Because he
was in all these national science programs and giving science speeches and all this other
stuff, so he was on the fast track in all this. People say, well, then why if he was
doing particle acceleration when he was 16, did he get out of it? Because he had freaked
him out, and then he just went and got the fastest track to making money being a dentist.
My mom got pregnant in college. But to make a long story short on all this, he was building
particle beams when he was 16 with government grants, cuz they knew most stuff was being
developed in garages.
But I told that story a few days ago, people couldn't believe it, cuz they just don't know
how. They can't even imagine I snuck into Bohemian Grove. They don't think this show's
real. Aaron, they don't think you operate on your own. They don't think you have any
individual power.
It's not just the race divide. This collectivism, the general public's never done anything outside
of a system. They don't know what they can do. They have no idea that the guy that started
Nike tennis shoes made him out of the back of a car and sold it on the street. They don't
know that the guy that created Paul Mitchell, tens of millions of dollars, created himself
when he was homeless.
They literally can't believe you're doing anything. It must all be fake. We must be
government agents, because nothing can be real. But the side issue, when they called
my dad in, when he was still in high school, a junior when he was brought to UT to be tested
with all these kids.
And then he was, out of hundreds, just the few they brought in. And it was, we're gonna
carry out eugenics, you're the elite, do you like that idea? And by the way, this isn't
like Hitler. The head of the body department was running it. Professor Spear, I'm Jewish,
he said, this isn't like Hitler.
We're going after everybody that's inferior. My dad was like, but he still went to UT later,
but then got out of all that. He was never really in it, but it was, well, you went there,
you know about it.
Yeah, and looking back at UT, there's a lot of creepy professors and agendas going on.
But they always co-opt the leaders. They've done that in the black community, talking
about race issues. And it's hurtful, I guess, to talk about for some people, but they have
sold out some of the top-
Well, no, they create a pain. They bring it up so that you can't live your new life. So
I can't be somebody free of guilt. Somebody who's another color can't be free of guilt
and be a real human. It's a prison, a neurotic prison where you say a key word and someone
falls into a trance. I mean, that's why they use it. I mean, it's a weapon. And I know
I've gone fully off into this.
We got calls and a bunch of news coming up. It's just such mind control. Listen, did our
predictions not come true? They're now saying whites just being white is terrorism and whites
are gonna blow everything up and Homeland Security's new op ought to be against white
gun owners.
Why were you able to predict it? Because you've read history, because you follow the news,
the stuff follows patterns, it follows archetypes.
We could see the programming. And it's a prison of the mind. As soon as you begin to look
into it for yourself and read stuff, you'll begin to get out of that prison, see things
for yourself and become a stronger individual. And realize your identity, your purpose is
not in the collective system.
That is a dying system. And they want us all to die because they wanna take the power,
they wanna suck it mentally, psychically out of us. And we don't need to give in to that.
I don't wanna live in the world they're building. They plan to kill 99% of us. Their public
documents are 90, cuz their minions would freak out if they realized it, the math. This
eugenics cult, if you had to estimate its numbers, I bet there's probably 50 million
people that know they're in on it, but have reflected glory.
They're not really in on it. There's only a few thousand in on it. And I'd say almost
every liberal I talk to mid-level, they know. They know they're an exterminist. They're
beyond race. They're scientists. They are programming us. Aaron, thank you very much.
Thanks.
Hello, I'm Alex Jones. Myself, my family, the Infowars.com team want to relay to you
and your families that we are intensifying our efforts against the globalist on every
front. Infowars.com is leading the fight against the technocrats. But we can't do that without
your help. By getting the films, bumper stickers, and t-shirts at Infowars.com, you will wake
up people in your area and support our operation as we move to the next level. We need your
help to spread the word like never before. They wish to hide themselves during this tectonic
battle between the forces of freedom and darkness. You are the response to the globalist technocrats
and their program of global eugenics dehumanization and ultimate extermination. The war is here.
It's an info war. The spirit of 1776 versus the mindset of 1984.
Hello, this is Ty Bollinger, author of the bestselling book Cancer Step Outside the Box.
I want you to know some very important information. In 1985, President Ronald Reagan requested
that Carnivora be sent directly to the White House at a time when only the president could
obtain this world class healer. Now, 27 years later, Carnivora capsules are used around
the world to keep people healthy. Now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in
this age of superbugs with 17 naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal
cells only without harming a single normal cell. If you want to stay healthy, now's your
chance to literally wake up your critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders that
don't belong in your body. Call 1-866-VenusFly or order from Carnivora.com. That's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A.com.
That's 1-866-836-8735, 1-866-VenusFly or visit Carnivora.com. Protect your immune system.
It's the only one you've got. Now there's an amazing new natural antibiotic every person
must have. It's Cells Alive Silver Solution and it destroys over 650 hard to kill viruses,
fungus, bacteria and much more. Cells Alive Silver Solution has no expiration date, is
great for emergency kits and storage shelters and comes in 8 or 16 ounce bottles. Order
today at 888-910-4367 or visit HempUSA.org. HempUSA.org, 100% chemical free super foods
and unique health products. We the people grow cotton and wheat fabric,
engrave ink, embed strips and fibers to protect from counterfeit, then carting to a private
bank, having it lead back at interest, forcing taxes to service debt. This capitalism or
was Jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing the public currency is a greater
menace to the liberties of the people than a standing army? Hi, Ted Anderson. I'm placing
a free silver dollar in a book that explains our monetary system. Call for your copy. 800-686-2237.
It's time to understand the system. Call 800-686-2237. That's 800-686-2237. Devastating events like
earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial law have highlighted
the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions are stockpiling food,
gold and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes
ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency. Supernatural
Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria, viruses, moles
and fungus and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally or used topically, it can
help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver has over 500 different
uses and a long term shelf life, making it the number one choice of preppers across the
country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to
SupernaturalSilver.com. Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and
like us on Facebook. Folks, Alice Jones here back live. The government's arming to the
teeth against us and Michael Moore, you know, came out yesterday and said how to finish
off the NRA's The Quote. Show photos of the dead kids, Sandy Hook. You know, it was three
days before Diane Feinstein came out and said, I've seen the photos. I know details and did
that demonic smirk.
I mean, that woman is so overtly evil. I mean, looks like the Goblin King or something. I
mean, just pure evil and her actions are pure evil. You guys need to kill that mic. Thanks.
That mic's on over there. Are you? Yeah. Anyways, getting back to what I was saying there. This
is just overwhelming. What's going on? And they're not going to show dead kids killed
by governments. They're not going to show the communist Chinese who have the guns mowing
down people in mass.
You can type in communist Chinese executions. It's on Google on the photos. Unbelievable
young people having their heads blown off. Men, women, children. They're not going to
show any of that. That's why they always say Hitler wasn't for gun control. Don't show
people being shot by Hitler. Hitler wasn't for gun control because they know that's powerful.
Seeing gun control victims. They're going to bring out the little dead kids that were
probably killed by black ops teams.
There's major evidence. And this just shows how vicious they are. This is their psych
warfare. And they're testing to see if this will work for them. Or they'll just stage
another one. So good job, killers. And your little front men. Just unbelievable. I want
Michael Moore to be wrong about new time crime scene photos.
That's just some of the photos. You must not look away. And he's on the news right now
during the break saying, hey, we're going to release these photos and we're going to
show you. Hey, let's release the crime scene photos. The little black kid got shot by the
police the other day. Oh, you don't want that because that's real government violence. Unbelievable.
And they also want to have laws to not show dead aborted babies. They don't want you to
see who they're chopping up. Man, these people are sick. These people are sick.
Let's talk to Brian in Canada. Let's talk about divide and conquer. Thanks for holding
her on the air.
Alex, love you to death. And I've been giddy ever since you appeared on Piers Morgan show
in early January. It was one of those striking TV moments. So I love you. I've been listening
to you since 1996 on shortwave radio. So I am a fan. But what I've come to decide after
listening to you the last couple of days is that you, Alex, use this divide and conquer
strategy so effectively as part of the info war that it's starting to kind of bug me because
while you talk about the globalists using divide and conquer strategies, and I know
they do, you have perfected it, my man, to the point where, again, it's so it's become
so obvious that you use this same identical strategy, fear, divide and conquer.
You know, I disagree with you. There are fake memes put out there. I push fear. That is
your perception. I mean, if something's already coming down on you knowing about it, when
bad news comes to the office or something like that, I want it immediately. Okay, I
want to face it head on. I don't want to ignore it.
So it's a perception issue because I'm not here trying to manipulate. I'm here letting
it all hang out, out of control, obviously, stream of consciousness. And so if you take
it as fear, that's your issue. And that is a problem with my articulation, but nobody's
perfect. Now, on the subject of divide and conquer, I want to hear how I'm dividing and
conquering.
But I've always said this. You're not listening. The very nature of having to respond to their
divide and conquer and having to describe it will create divide and conquer. So even
though I'm against racial division, which I call tribalism, the globalists call it that,
because it's mindless and it's used as a tool by the mega elite to control, okay, still
it's real when someone, if you're a black guy walking down the street and white guys
get in your face, or if you're a white guy and it happens, okay, and I've experienced
racial attacks, man.
I mean, I didn't think of it as that. I saw it as gang. Instinctively, as a teenager,
I knew I'd had groups of, we didn't call them rednecks, and I was kind of one myself, but
we called them crap kickers, well, actually a cuss word. Cowboy hats, boots, you go to
the wrong party, they'd say, where are you, we're going to beat you up.
It's just whatever reason, that culture, it was fights every day. And I'd go to the neighborhood
to play football or basketball with friends, there'd be some other black guys there, who's
these white guys, let's have a fight. And there'd be a couple of my black buddies fighting
some other black guys. I saw it always as tribal and as gang related, as people in gang
mentalities.
I mean, I'd be at a Dairy Queen when visiting my grandma when I was 16 down in East Texas
and we'd be talking to girls in there trying to get them to go swimming with us, skinny
dipping or something. And two trucks pull up and white guys jump out and go, we're gonna
kick your ass, Yankee.
Even though I wasn't from up north, they use that tribal identification, even though my
family in that area founded the county. So I just instinctively had the programming of
a real human to understand tribalism. There were black groups in Roman legions that invaded
white areas. And believe me, the white people being invaded by legions that had blacks in
some of them who were Roman citizens, they didn't think that's a black guy, the race
didn't even exist.
It was what country or tribe you were in and who you were allied with. I mean, does that
answer your question?
Sure, yeah. And again, forgive me from calling from multicultural candidates.
I tell you what, I'm gonna come back to you. I'm gonna come back to you to try to understand
all I have is my word and my, well, you know what Tony Montana says. And so I have no guilt.
I'm a really good guy. I'm trying to free humanity. Okay. So take it how you want it.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN radio network.
A little over a year ago, I began to do a lot of research into why, even if I had a
good sized meal, that I was still starving. And my research led me to a well known fact
that most of the soils that we grow our crops on here in the United States and across the
industrialized world are almost completely depleted of almost all of the key minerals
and trace elements that our bodies need to rebuild themselves, fight off cancer and be
healthy.
I then searched out the best vitamin and mineral company out there and discovered Young Jevity.
The Young Jevity products are designed to give you the real nutrition you need. And
once you've got that, you don't have to eat as much to be satisfied. I've lost 37 pounds
in two months. Simply getting the vitamins and minerals I need. Check it out for yourself.
It's incredible. Go to info wars team.com today and order your first canister of Beyond
Tangy Tangerine complete multivitamin mineral complex dietary supplement that's info wars
team.com. devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat
of martial law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a
result, millions are stockpiling food, gold and weapons. But how will these items help
if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to
prepare you for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely
effective against bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care
taken internally or use topically it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural
Silver has over 500 different uses and a long term shelf life making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared, go to supernatural silver.com. Use the promo code prepared for 20% off your
entire order and like us on Facebook.
You may be arrested and or subject to other police action. Tyranny is here. The grim future
foretold in 1984 has become reality. It really says that the state is God. The United States
is now recognized globally as one of the most impressive police states on earth. This film
conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps now being expanded nationwide.
This documentary exposes how the continuity of government program has established an all
powerful shadow state. Police state four chronicles the sickening depth to which our republic
has fallen. Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship, body scanners,
sound cameras, citizen spies, stage terror and cameras on every street corner. It's only
the beginning of the New World Order's hellish plan. The police state isn't coming. It's
here. Secure your copy today at infowars.com or see it online in the highest quality at
prisonplanet.tv.
We now take you live to the Central Texas Command Center in the heart of the resistance.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Show.
All right, we're going back to one quick phone call and then we've got a special guest, surprise
guest here in studio in just one moment. Brian, in Canada, you said I used a vicious divide
and conquer. And so explain to me, no, I explained divide and conquer, show hypocrisy and then
try to get people to think outside the box.
That's my intent. My intent is not to create fear. My intent is, hey, there's a hurricane
coming. You better put boards up on your house instead of like, don't fear monger. I'm like,
no, it's going 200 miles an hour. It's probably gonna knock out all your windows. Shut up,
fear monger.
I'm like, okay, I just said it was on the news. You might wanna put some, it's gonna
hit tomorrow night. plywood selling out down at Home Depot. Shut up, racist. What are you
implying? I need you to menial labor or something. I mean, I had a story I'll tell later when
I was at Moody Gardens.
Somebody thought I was saying something about them. And I could tell they were mad at me
and I didn't know what they were. And then later it clicked. And it's just political
correctness is about getting everybody freaked out, looking for things that don't exist or
exaggerating them, and then missing the big giant stuff going on all around you.
The real discrimination of the globalists that we pay $85 billion a month to. We're
gonna be talking about that with our special guest here in just a moment. So it's just
classic divide and conquer. I know I've harped on that, but they're going into race war,
race pimp, overdrive, just to create fear and division so the government can play the
part of the arbiter, of the referee, of the divide and conquer group.
Of the good guy, of the mommy. President Obama, Chris Rock said, is our daddy. So let's go
ahead and go back to Brian. Brian, tell me how I fear monger, or tell me how I divide
and conquer.
I mean, again, I don't want to upset you, Alex.
You're not upsetting me. Tell me, please, please. I really want to know.
Listen, I will, I will. All I'm saying is I think that the entire production team sits
around probably and says, what can we talk about? And underlying all of that is how can
we be provocative? How can we stir the emotion, which is a human circumstance, and I'm not-
You just misrepresented. Well, what really goes on is out of all this real sensational
stuff going on, what are we going to cover?
And how do we hijack mindless cultural memes that don't matter and attach reality to them?
That's culture jamming, culture hijacking. We don't have enough of those meetings. 90
plus percent of the time, my crew does whatever they want cuz I hired folks that I overall
trust and just get it and know what's going on.
And sometimes I go, this isn't sensational enough, because we tend to water down our
headlines. I mean, Aaron Dykes in an article said, has political correctness gone too far
making whites wear white bracelets? I mean, I didn't call Aaron, I'm doing it now, does
a great job.
It's worse than that. It's totally creating a color obsessed society instead of a color
blind society. I mean, it's the opposite, okay? And my gosh, I mean, no, you're wrong
about how we run things up here. Okay, I cannot describe how crazy things are, sir. I mean,
do you wanna know about the 2 billion bullets?
How is that fear mongering? That's really going on. And I always get to get the criticism
first, because I mean, look, I told you Piers Morgan, a bunch of his colleagues have been
arrested. Now the five people under him were arrested today, okay? I mean, Piers Morgan
is a gangster. And it doesn't feel good to be a gangster for my position.
But I don't wanna be a gangster, but he wants to be a gangster, okay? I mean, I'm here straight
shooting, show me money, show me the proof, show me the fear mongering, show me the divide
and conquer. Show me, show me, show me, show me, come on. He hung up, he dropped off, show
me, show me, show me.
I mean, my wife ran in and said, there's guys breaking in the garage. I would say, my gosh,
you fear monger. I'd say, thank you, maybe jump up, boom, into the instant access pistol
safe. Semi-auto shotgun, locked, loaded. I mean, the way I get fired up, probably kicked
down the garage door.
And if you don't hit the ground in about two seconds, you're dead. I mean, I just don't
get it. They've actually been people nowadays, they're in such denial that a neighbor will
call and say your house is on fire and people get mad at them and deny it. There's a real
culture of denial.
Ladies and gentlemen, I didn't plug any products last hour, that's how we fund ourselves. Plus
I picked the very best products out there. I'm not fear mongering, hydrofluorosolic acid
is not linked, it's been confirmed by 20 Harvard studies. It just came out last year, just
type in Harvard study and then it's 20, guys, type that in.
Sevenfold increase in cancer, there were literally hundreds of studies on the same subject all
over the world. A hundred, ladies and gentlemen, listen to me carefully. There are hundreds
and hundreds and hundreds and hundreds and hundreds, probably in the thousands of studies.
I mean, there's like a couple of hundred Chinese studies alone, hundreds of Japanese, hundreds
of American.
Sevenfold increase in one type of bone cancer, every other cancer off the chart when they
test them. And these are human studies where they've been able to track what water they're
drinking because of it, because they have demographics on that. Brain cancers, diabetes,
sclerosis, kidney failure, Harvard study finds fluoride lowers IQ and then it goes into all
the cancer and the rest of it, boom, Reuters.
You might wanna listen to me. But that's fear mongering, no, win, win, win. I sell the best
gravity fed filters at the lowest price that then funds my operation or everybody else,
called win, win, win, win, win, win, win, win, win. My gold sponsor, one of the few
A+, better business bureaus, even the biggest companies, go look it up.
There's hardly any other gold companies that have even an A rating. I can't find one that
has an A+, cuz we get all these offers constantly and we get offers in the magazine. I can't
ever find a reputable gold company to be a sponsor, cuz Ted is my exclusive on the radio,
but I don't have a rule to do that.
But I mean, he's the only guy that's A+. He's been around 30 years, 16 with his company
Midas. I've known the guy for 17 years. He came down and visited me in Austin, stayed
at my house last night, we were talking to the car. 1996 is when I first talked to Ted
Anderson, 17 years ago, ladies and gentlemen, coming up on 18.
And go look Better Business Bureau, Better Business Bureau A plus rating. You can't even
find that that I know of anywhere. I mean, sure, I'm selling gold, it went from $260
an ounce to a 2,000, gone back down to 1,600 and something. Man, that's a win, win, win.
Well, the stock market's at 14,500. It's with devalued dollars, that's inflation, folks.
It might hit 100,000. The hyperinflation accelerates, it might hit 300,000. Hell, the Dow might
hit a billion if it goes Zimbabwe or Weimar Republic.
I mean, look at Ted Anderson, sponsor right here with us, but I've got him to talk about
issues. And he's also doing some interviews on the nightly news with us. So come down
and visit, we haven't seen him about six months in person. And Ted Anderson came up with a
deal with a free Obama deception, a free American dream, great animated cartoon that even kids
could watch, a little racy, maybe 12 and up.
It looks like something can be on Adult Swim, it's so good, or even better than that. I
mean, it's theatrical quality film on the Federal Reserve and the Rothschilds and the
dollars. I mean, it'll wake anybody up. That's free, that's 20 bucks. Obama deception, 20
bucks. And two silver dollars from the turn of the last century that have numismatic value,
but he sells them at cost with free shipping, so it's below cost.
That shipping's about $10, two silver dollars, two films, a book, free shipping, two silver
dollars, $72. That's over $140 value, conservatively, $72 at MidasResources.com, a link up at Infowars.com.
Right at the top of the page, you can see it there on the right-hand side. I'm not even
getting him here to plug. My point is just explaining to that last guy how I work. I
go out and find the best deals I can get. That's a loss leader, so you get the stuff,
make a relationship, and then buy more gold and silver from Ted.
And by the way, Ted's so competitive that even though he's the fifth largest gold and
silver dealer in the country, he really, last few years, has made almost no profit. He owns
Genesis Network, it's done very, very well, over 1,000 plus affiliates right now. We should
probably talk about that some with Ted. In fact, it's way more than that. Explosive growth,
getting new stations every week just on this show, but all his other shows exploding.
And I've known Ted from the beginning before he even had a radio network when he was just
my gold sponsor, cuz I shopped around and found a place that had bullion right at close
to melt and real numismatic at fair prices. A lot of numismatic companies have triple
markup. A coin should be 600 bucks, it's 1,800. Not with Ted Anderson. He's got the best brokers,
the best people. Ted, I didn't get you here over this. I wanted to get you here to have
some other meetings with us and work on some young jeopardy stuff we're doing with him
for his health, and for the nightly news.
But here you are, I've gone into this whole rant. Do you think it's fear mongering, Ted,
to say they're gonna devalue the dollar, gold 260 bucks get into it, and ten years later
it's 1,600. Is that fear mongering to say there's drones, there's bullets, and then
they said I was a liar, but now it's all admitted. Is it fear mongering to be right? I mean,
is it fear mongering for your doctor to say you better quit drinking a half bottle of
vodka, your liver's gonna fail.
Well, obviously not, Alex, and some people just wanna pick on you. And for whatever reason,
I mean, it's like, hey, the guy is just soaring through the clouds. I mean, your show is just
doing fantastic, and you have people that draw these images of fear mongering. I mean,
come on, the Federal Reserve System is creating $85 billion every month and lending it to
themselves and we end up having to pay the taxes to service interest on debt.
I mean, come on, we're not talking about fear mongering here. We're just talking about some
of the obvious facts that we have to take advantage of and work with. The thing about-
No, apologize for saying get gold at 216, it's 16 plus 100. Apologize for saying get
silver at $4 and it's 30 something. Apologize. Apologize for being right.
Okay, I apologize for being right.
I apologize for breaking thousands of major stories.
Yeah, I just need to tell you-
That are confirmed.
I mean, people would be foolish to think that you can create paper and not increase productivity
and have the same value there. It's just not gonna happen.
I helped Ted write a radio ad we're gonna run or a TV ad. Can you guys go get the script
of that? I wrote with Ted at like 9 AM this morning. I wanna read that on air cuz that's
what we really think.
Well then, Henson's got it back. Will you guys run somebody to get that back in the
shipping department? I wanna read that on air. Go ahead, Ted. Go ahead, extremist.
That's what I'm saying. I mean, if you're gonna create paper, and obviously paper is
just developed from gold in the first place. People deposited their gold at suppositories
and got certificates that were exchangeable back for the gold again. That's how paper
money came into existence.
And now all of a sudden they think, hey, we're just gonna remove the gold from the thing
and we're just gonna print as much paper as we want to, as much as we feel that is necessary
in order to get the economy going.
They put the gold in the suppository?
Yeah, exactly. Well, yeah, the depository, yeah.
No, I've done that too myself. Like, that's where you're hiding the gold? That's where
they hid the gold watch in Pulp Fiction. I'm sorry.
So there you go. So you have a certificate that says it's redeemable in gold. And even
the United States adopted this concept when it was originally formed. It's in the Constitution.
Look, just type in heavy weights by gold, Russian government, UT. Soros doubles down
every month, buys masses of gold while badmouthing it and using paper naked shorts. Well, people
like him to drive it down.
Talk about naked shorting what's been happening. I see all this as a buying opportunity.
Well, I mean, the thing about it is, Alex, to suppress the price of gold, I mean, a few
ways you can go about doing that. You can go into the futures market. You can sell your
gold short. You don't have the gold. You're suppressing the price. They're trading in
the EFT markets.
Germans ask for their gold, told sorry, you gotta get it in 10-year increments?
Yeah, I mean-
Cuz the Easter Bunny has it?
Right, exactly. I mean, the whole thing is a papered over mess.
No, no, no. Libor admits all that. It's now admitted that the private central banks collude
to implode economies and fix interest rates, giving themselves free credit and raking us
over the coals. All confirmed, we're right, world government announced, but Southern Poverty
Law Center says it doesn't exist and we're racist.
See, we don't even know what the value of-
Racist, racist, racist. I don't wanna hear your facts, racist.
Yeah, we don't even know what the value of-
White, racist, white, racist, white, racist, white, racist. Shut up, racist, shut up, racist.
I've actually gone and protested abortion clinics back when I did that like in 17 years
ago, 16 years ago. And now I talk about it on air, but I've been out there many times.
And they would actually have the socialists come over and go, cuz a lot of times it was
quote minorities.
They'd go, shut up, racist, go home, racist. And back then I was like, I'm not a racist,
but the fact is it's a psych warfare thing. They're in there cutting up black babies,
and they need to get that white supremacist operation run, and they're not gonna allow
me to stop it.
I know, I know, and that's the thing. I mean, the black babies-
Racist, racist, racist, racist. I guess it's not racist.
Racist, racist, racist. Racist, racist, racist. Yeah, but just as I was trying to say, I
mean, we no longer know the value of money. If you go deposit-
Racist, racist, racist. Don't worry about the bullets, the drones, the imploding economy,
the cancer viruses, the diabetes exploding, the people dying, the mass abortions, the
war, the death, the government running Al-Qaeda. Racist people.
You sound like you have some passion with that, Alex, and I can tell-
I'm sorry. You have done well, Lord Vader.
We have gotten to the point- And now, young Jedi, you will die. I'm sorry.
Yeah, no, that's right. Anyways, I mean, think about it. If we're gonna deposit our money
in the bank, and we're gonna get a half a percent return, and the Federal Reserve System
is gonna make $85 billion a month to try to keep the interest rates suppressed and low,
isn't that manipulation?
No, it's not happening. Nothing's happening. There is no Federal Reserve. There are no
bullets. These aren't the droids you're looking for.
Yeah, I mean, just even- You're not even here, Ted. Ted, you just fell
down and hit your head. Wake up, Ted. That's gaslighting. The public is so suggestive now.
You can tell the average public that, and they think they've fallen down.
No, that's the thing. I mean- Oh, racist.
People are blind to what's really going on. And anyways-
They're blind to your racism. The racism card is always being pulled, but
I can tell you right now, it makes absolutely no sense to stay in paper-
Racist. And to watch the Dow Jones Industrial Average
go up just like you're saying. Racist.
It's happening because they're manipulating the interest rates and keeping them down.
Racist. We're just gonna continue to print money,
that Dow Jones is gonna go up forever? Money is not what?
I'm not listening to you. That's racist. Well, anyways, so I'm just telling you at
this point in time, we are sitting here on the edge of a collapse, and they're trying
to solve the collapsing problem by printing paper.
Let me read from the New York Times and the LA Times here. It says, wanting to keep your
guns and believing in this is, what can be done to reverse the tide of belligerent ignorance
of white men? And it doesn't say who wrote it. So why are you belligerent and not admitting
you're a racist? It's funny, that's stuff that they come up
with, isn't it? I mean, Jesus, you look at that and you go, man, how could this be printed?
I mean, what's the point? I mean, what is it? Black men get to have guns, white men
don't? Racist.
It's absolutely crazy. And then you're talking about the abortions, and most the abortions
are black kids. And if you're against it, it's racist.
And it's not killing people. Racist.
I mean, the whole thing, I mean, everything is just twisted and turned upside down. And
the monetary system is just as much into it as any-
By the way, who wrote that headline? Cuz they got it even better than the headline I came
up for with Nemo. Put that back on screen. White men, see, that's what I'm talking about
with my writers.
The reality of that article is worse than the LA Times saying white men are the new
terrorists. I couldn't come up with it. And I said it's worse than that. The guy accused
me of fear mongering. It's where LA Times says conservative white men worse than terrorists
need monitoring.
That is exactly what they really said. Who's that from, The Examiner? Who's that writer?
Joe Newby needs to be my headline writer. See, it's racist.
Anyways, Alex, like you say, I mean, everything is twisted, it's turned, it's backwards, it's
inside out. And how can anybody make sense of it? If you just follow what's being told
to us by the mainstream media and our federal government and the government above the federal
government called the Federal Reserve System, they're gonna tell you what we need to do
is print money to get the economy moving.
I got news for you. Printing money is not creating wealth. Creating wealth is getting
out there and working and creating something.
That's what I expect a racist to say. All right, we'll be back for more of the racist
hour here. 800-686-2237. If you want to call Midas Resources and talk to the evil people
there.
Digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins. That bears repeating.
Digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins. And Pro-EM-1 daily
probiotic cleanse is the key to digestive health. Pro-EM-1 is a powerful liquid probiotic,
strong enough to cleanse, gentle enough to use every day. Pro-EM-1 is dairy, wheat and
soy free, contains all natural and certified organic ingredients, contains no preservatives
or animal products, supports a healthy digestive and immune system, supports weight loss, improves
absorption of food nutrients, aids in controlling yeast infections, is never freeze dried and
uses three groups of live viable beneficial microbes to cleanse and remove toxins. Order
Pro-EM-1 Daily Probiotic Cleanse at Tereganics.com, spelled T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X.com, Tereganics.com
or call toll free, 866-369-3678. That's 866-369-3678. Pro-EM-1, the raw probiotic.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day. If you're
listening, you know the economy is not getting better. You know gas and food prices are sky
rocketing. Now is the time to get prepared. For years we've told you about our friends
at e Foods Direct. They have the best tasting long term storable food on the planet. This
food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long term food supply
allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most. Be prepared
and get your supply from e Foods Direct. Right now is the best time to stock up and save
hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give yourself peace of mind
and be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com slash Alex. Get
free shipping on all orders for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go to efoodsdirect.com
slash Alex. You can bet your life on e Foods Direct. It's time for a home security quiz.
Answer this. What effective home security device is smaller than a coffee cup fakes
out burglars into thinking someone is home at your house while you're away, plugs into
any wall outlet, is recommended by many police departments and sells for less than $35? Yes,
it's fake TV. This year about one in every 50 US homes will have a break in with burglars
usually picking the easy target, a dark house that looks like no one is home. Fake TV is
a small electronic security device that makes it look like someone is home watching TV by
simulating the light from a real TV. It's like a lamp on a timer but far more convincing.
And for only $34.95, fake TV could be the difference between coming home to a secure
house or one that's been ransacked. Go to faketv.com or call 1-877-5FAKETV. That's 877-532-5388
or go to faketv.com. Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
We are back live, ladies and gentlemen, Chad Anderson's our guest. We have a special guest
surprise guest in studio after that. I know I said I'd go to your phone calls if everybody
wants to hang up, they can or you can stay on hold. I'll try to get to you. I get a little
bit wound up here on air during the fair mongering and divide and conquer operations. Getting
serious though, actually not getting serious, David Ortiz back there just made the joke
one of our reporters that, well, obviously, the white smoke coming out of the Vatican,
that's a sign of racism and the Pope was white.
Everything's racist except what's really racist or global is shutting everything down. Now,
here's an ad we wrote for a TV ad script that we're putting together for Ted while he's
down here in town, but I think this says it all. Ted and I agreed, collaborated on this
this morning and wrote this. Hi, I'm Ted Anderson, but I'm actually Alex Jones. Ted's right there.
In fact, while I'm reading this, we'll aim the camera at Ted. Hi, I'm Ted Anderson, president
of Minus Resources. With more than 30 years of experience in precious metals industry,
I can unequivocally tell you that this is the most volatility, volatile and dangerous
time for our economy that we have ever seen.
Not just in the United States but worldwide. We are now only entering the edge of a global
financial superstorm, the likes of which the planet has never seen. Here in the United
States, the private Federal Reserve is giving more than $85 billion of taxpayer money a
month to themselves and other foreign offshore banks. And the worst part is taxpayers are
being forced to pay interest through high taxes on the money we give them.
Did you hear that? That's the really rich part, the fun part. It goes on continuing,
there is now a race worldwide, that's code for racism. There is now a race worldwide
between central banks to see who can devalue their currencies the fastest. We are already
seeing big increases in inflation in every case in history, this road leads to hyperinflation.
More than a dozen top globalists like George Soros, we're gonna put all those articles
in, have been buying record amounts of gold while at the same time bad mouthing it into
the public.
Don't just listen to what they say, watch what they do. For more than 6,000 years, gold
has been the ultimate hedge against uncertain times and inflation. While it's important
to be diversified, I personally, that's Ted Anderson riding with me and others, they're
typing, I have more than 50% of my savings and investments in precious metals.
Before getting into metals, it's important to do your research and find a reputable company,
Midas Resources has the greatest and highest Better Business Bureau rating of A plus. Unfortunately,
very few precious metal companies can boast that, yeah, that is unfortunate. Midas Resources,
we couldn't actually find any, but we assume they're there, so we just said most.
So there I am like cutting it back, I don't really exaggerate, I usually cut back. Midas
Resources has assembled one of the most educated research professional group of brokers in
the industry. Now is the time to investigate gold and silver, call 800-686-2237, and we
will mail you 10 reasons to own gold book. Need to add that it's a book, I think, it
needs to say book there. I thought I wrote that. Absolutely free, no shipping, it's absolutely
free, Midas Resources has one of the biggest selections of precious metals in North America
on hand and ready to ship, a lot of people don't.
When it comes to bullion coins, our prices are among the most competitive and closest
to melt. And if it's numismatics collectibles you're looking for, we have one of the best
deals, some of the best deals out there. So it needs to be we have some of the best deals
out there. Now proofreading this on air. Thousands of fly-by-night companies have popped up offering
prices that are bait-and-switch scams. If you see prices that are too good to be true,
they are.
Again, the most trusted name in metals is Midas Resources. Visit Midas Resources today
or click on our link at Infowars.com to see some of our daily specials. In closing, here's
an example of one of our long-term specials we've been offering for more than a year.
Two silver dollars from the turn of the last century, two powerful films, the Obama Deception
American Dream, the revealing book Dishonest Money, and free shipping for $72. That's $140
value for just 72. That, my friend, is called a lost leader because I want to introduce
you to precious metals and Midas Resources as well as Waking Up America and the private
Federal Reserve and their puppet, Barack Obama. Peace of mind is called gold and silver. Midas
Resources.com or 800-686-2237. Stay with us.
You are listening to GCN. Visit GCNlive.com today.
Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new Aquamedics advanced media for removal of fluoride
and other heavy metals, all in one filter element. It is the only one that does it and
out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is the
only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine. Hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at Infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Joining war on corruption, Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
All right, final segment with Ted Anderson and we've got our next guest coming in, but
I will jam in before we get to the guest. Jared and Jimmy and Jason Williams-Skye because
I appreciate you holding. And we're going to really get into vaccines with a special
guest who's your grandfather. We had a lot of scientists, doctors, brain surgeons on
exposing deadly vaccines, but this is a guy who's just really articulate. I really enjoy
listening to him on the radio locally here on 90.1 and I'll get him on the Sunday show.
We also have that 4 to 6 PM, that's on 590 AM here in town. Ted, I've been ranting, I
kind of got in a little bit of a fun mood, manic mood, they call it that, but that's
not what it is, kind of a brainstorm mood. Seriously, what else do you want to add about
what's happening in the world?
The spot that you're reading covers it quite a bit, but I mean, the thing about it is we're
watching the money being printed by the Federal Reserve System, stimulating the economy, pushing
the stock market up without adding true value to the economy. You know that the value of
the currency is going to suffer from it. And the problem with the whole thing is it's all
smoke and mirrors.
They're destroying the very essence of what, it's like white is becoming black and black
is becoming white. What is supposed to go up is now going down, what is supposed to
go down is now going up. It confuses the market. And having all that going on, I mean, how
are you going to ever make a good decision financially?
And one of the things that you can do is you know darn well that if you put your money
into gold and silver, you're going to be able to count on the fact that that gold and silver
will be able to buy something 10 years from now, 20 years from now. All this manipulation
and trickery and smoke and mirrors is just causing people to have a fog to make decisions
that are not really the correct decisions.
Why would you get into the stock market if the Federal Reserve System is printing money
and forcing the market down?
But what about the cynicalness of hundreds of newspapers saying there's no world government,
there's not 2 billion bullets, there's no drones. What do you make of that tactic? Cuz
I've never seen such open hoaxing. Is that a sign of desperation?
Well, you know, Alex, I think they're still trying to keep the smoke in the eyes of the
people. I mean, it's easier to defend an argument like that by saying these people are crazy.
They're the conspiracy theorists.
You know-
Yeah, they don't want, I mean, it's an enemy attack. They don't want us to know they're
gearing up.
However, you can see the G20 meeting, the G7 meeting. These bankers get together and
they decide what they're gonna do economically and also whether we're gonna fight wars across
the United States, across the world. All these different plans happen, it's real, it does
happen.
And even our politicians admit that it happens. But yet, if you bring it up, they try to paint
you as some sort of a conspiracy person. The fact of the matter is they're manipulating,
they're trying to keep the people-
And that's all admitted. But I mean, I don't see people buying into it anymore. That's
why they're now trying to inject all this race stuff just to confuse everything.
Right, it's like a whole other argument. It's a way to add water to the milk and to-
I bet it would work with a politically correct person who's not actually an engineer, a manipulator,
but actually buys into it a bleeding heart. If the guy walked in and found his wife with
another, let's say it's a white guy with a white woman, and the white guy walks in and
catches his wife.
If the guy with the wife just jumped up and said racist, then the other white guy would
probably bow down and ask him to blow his head off or something. I mean, he wouldn't
even get upset. He would say, here, take my blood. I mean, kill me, take my house, take
my wife. I mean, it literally just works on people, though that's why they're doing it.
We laugh at it because we're awake, but it's not funny.
No, it really isn't funny, Alex. And it's obvious that it's happening and everybody
knows it. But yet, still, if you talk about this on air in the media like you do, you're
gonna get a whole bunch of pushback.
Well, I mean, take Obama deception, all the stuff he's done. He said, I will not raise
your payroll tax unless you make a quarter million dollars a year. He raised it on people
making less than 30,000. I was correct, it's like 22,000 a year. I kept saying 30 cuz I
saw that in a news article.
22,000 a year, you got a payroll increase. And then they said, you're racist if you don't
support Obamacare. And what does that have to do with race? Why are these people able
to run things? They're a bunch of crooks.
I know, and it's all about deception. And again, Alex, if they can't make a good argument,
they just try to paint it with a different color.
Well, Ted, all I can say is I wanna know where the gold at. And I know it's at minus resources,
great prices, that's where people should shop, minus resources.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you're using now. Or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms. But if you don't have a home security
system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When
you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's
a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power, so even if the grid
goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit, or shed. Getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is also
ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger
into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever
you go. You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
I had tried everything. I'd cut back the amount of food I was eating. I was lifting weights
and jogging, but nothing was working. My body was literally starving for minerals and trace
elements as well as key vitamins, and as soon as I had that, I immediately could eat half
of what I was eating previously and be satisfied. Now, there are hundreds of great products
at infowarsteam.com, but I want to point out the three that have helped me lose 37 pounds
in just two months. Products like Beyond Tangy Tangerine, Pollen Burst, and Rebound. When
I started taking the Tangy Tangerine and other products every day, I lost more than 37 pounds
in just two months. Now that's results. I want to challenge my listeners to go to infowarsteam.com
and to order just three of their products, and you will see the changes in the way you
look, feel, and in your appetite almost immediately. Start your journey to health and wellness
today. Infowarsteam.com.
We are on the march. The empire is on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Folks, as you know, Michael Moore is saying he's going to finish off the Second Amendment
and the NRA by trying to get the photos released, and Dianne Feinstein's been licking her lips
about that. Watch a hacker get them or something, and they're just going to throw them up there
and show them it'll all be photoshopped.
This is looking more and more like a staged deal. I mean, they've staged other mass killings
the globalist have, and it has all the telltale signs. Aurora, no doubt was, and we know they
staged Fast and Furious, and now it's admitted our government runs Al-Qaeda and Taliban not
just in Libya and Syria, which they admit, but also in Afghanistan. That's all coming
out now. And our average military and police are good people. They're compartmentalized.
So are we.
We've got to break out of the compartmentalization, come together under liberty, the Bill of Rights,
the Constitution. So America, you must not look away how to finish off the NRA. This
is a guy who's had his bodyguards arrested in areas that's illegal to have guns like
airports. This is a guy who owns guns himself. This is a pig. This is a pig-like authoritarian
scumbag. Okay, basically a fascist posing as a socialist communist who wants your wealth
and works for the big banks that conduit our wealth overseas.
And we're talking to Sean Siegel and Marcy Terry in just a moment. He's in studio. She's
via video Skype. I promise to get to your calls. I appreciate you holding one minute
apiece and we'll get to our guest on some of the most important information out there.
I don't care what color you are. The vaccines are killing people in mass. They know what
they're doing. I've had a lot of scientists and doctors on and Mr. Siegel and his guests
are some of the most articulate on the facts I already knew. And I say that to say I'm
smart.
I know they know what they're talking about. And so you need to listen to them about how
crazy this whole vaccine situation is. I mean, there's hundreds and hundreds of studies,
20 new ones by Harvard over 20 years. They just study every year and looks at all these
other studies and said cancer, brain damage, all of it. I mean, we already knew that. Why
is it in my water?
It's one thing if it's topical occasionally. It does strengthen teeth topically. You don't
drink sunscreen to have sun protection. But we're going to look at and that's the sodium
fluoride, not the hydrofluorosolic acid or calcium for. But I'm already digressing real
fast. Jared, Ohio. Thanks for holding. You're on the air. Welcome, Alex. Thanks. With all
due respect, your last caller. I've been following you since 2006. I've researched some of the
stories when I first started looking at your stuff. It's solid. It is. It is actually worse
than than you guys make it out to be. So just big props on all the work you do. Well, thank
you, sir. Oh, absolutely. I salute you. In my studies, my I think you're on fire today.
In my studies, what I've been focused on is the role of narrative. I think it's so interesting
how the role of narrative and how it it makes our reality. It makes sense of our world and
actually how it shapes identities. I find that fascinating. And in so many ways, you've
been hitting that in your show. I don't know if you could speak to that. I think I think
the whole honestly, if I could characterize the battle today, it's between narratives
of anger based on anger and fear, as opposed to narratives based on peace and liberty and
ultimately love. I hear you. I mean, it's just getting crazier
and crazier. Anything else you'd like to add? No, I just keep up the great work. Thank you.
Thank you so much, Jared. Let's talk to Sky. And we're also getting some headphones for
our guests and show us you can hear the guests over Skype here in a moment. So it's fortuitous.
We're going to calls first. Sky in Alabama. You're on the air. Go ahead.
Hey, Alex, I want to make a couple of points and then I'm going to get to why I called
you. First off, Glenn Beck, I wouldn't worry too much about what he says about you. He's
got four yes men behind him that are paid to laugh at everything he says. I think he's
going down in flames and he's desperate to get libertarians to like him now. My second
thing is, as far as you're always trying to educate and support or educate minorities,
blacks, Hispanics about what's going on. But it seems like so many people in the libertarian
movement or the, you know, the awake, the patriot movement, we leave out the white supremacists.
But I feel sorry for a lot of those people as being ignorant. They don't understand that
FBI runs the Klan. They don't understand that, you know, they're just being manipulated.
And I think, you know, I like sometimes you touch on that and you try to get white supremacists
and those people to understand what's going on. But most of the time people don't even
touch that. And one more last thing is a lot of the reason those people don't like you
is they say you distance yourself from the real truth of the whole Jewish thing. And
I've done research on it because I can't really understand it myself. The best thing I've
found is a YouTube video with David Eich explaining a Rothschild Zionism. But if you look it up,
there's Jewish people that are in charge of all the banks of all the cabinet positions
of everything that matters.
But if you try to bring that up or talk about it, you get screamed out like you just did
the Ted Anderson racist, racist, racist. So that was a, that was a joke with Ted Anderson.
I know, I know I buy from minus resources. I was just playing. But if you ever try to
have that conversation about now, but listen, here's the issue. Okay. And I appreciate your
call. There's all sorts of mafias and ensure there's a Jewish mafia and a lot of stuff
and all these other mafias.
My whole issue is they system is using divide and conquer. How do you describe the eugenics
system that's targeting everybody? And then Hitler was an offshoot of it's an evil system
of social control. Any group can have groups within it that are involved in that. And again,
I get attacked by the black supremacists, the white supremacists, the Hispanic supremacists,
because I'm not in the supremacist game.
And I just, I try to stay out of it and bring people together under basic liberty and a
basic code show that we can have a future. I mean, I remember people saying bad things
about Aaron Russo, made all those films exposing the new world war, the fellow reserve, because
he was Jewish.
And then people saying horrible things about me whenever I have Jewish people on the show
that just Jews are inherently evil. And it's just, it's mindless. And it's an oversimplification
of any such thing. White people are evil because whites once had slaves. Every culture had
slaves, but they were told that to create the division.
So I'm here to try to get Florida out of the water to expose the vaccines are deadly. I'm
here to try to get bistri in LA that's feminizing and giving people cancer out and cause women
to get breast cancer. I mean, and then if I do make a film and expose the USS Liberty
as a false flag run by Israel and LBJ, all the white supremacists go crazy and say that
I'm covering up for Israel because I point out the NORAD, I mean, the Pentagon was in
control because I interviewed the admirals.
They were involved in the stand down too. It was a setup that proves it was a setup
to blame it on Egypt. And it doesn't absolve Israel. It proves the whole thing that I interviewed
more was later Chairman Joint Chiefs and the head of the JAG officers and the admiral who
was on the ship and the first mate and all these people before they died, they're almost
all dead now.
I mean, I probably did 30 shows on it. And for the white supremacist, it was all about
how they're good and I'm bad. So they got really mad at that film. So it's just mental
illness. I mean, it's just and I see the same vicious vitriol out of all the race groups
and the systems using that and controlling it to then try to paint everything that's
good as that.
It's very sophisticated. Let's go to Jason and then we're going to our guests and then
to more calls. And then to Jimmy and others. Jason, you wanna talk about false flag attack?
I see all the preparations for it and they're now gonna blame white gun owners. They say
that's who's gonna stage the terror attack.
We need to have FBI come after all of us, LA Times, New York Times, MSNBC, CNN. We're
gonna blow things up any minute. Gee, we better be looking at who's saying that and knows
the bombings coming. If I was the cops, that's the first group I'd go talk to.
Go ahead, Jason.
Hey, Alex. Thanks for taking my call. Look, I wanna make a couple of points here. You
know how usually Hollywood is always putting out dates in their movies before they actually
have an event or something. And you go back to the money, how they put the trade centers
on that before it actually blew up.
But on the Dark Knight movie, they actually have the date of 322.
Yes, sir. I mean, the media asked, Alex is crazy connecting it to Batman. We said Batman
was a trigger before Aurora and before Sandy Hook and then would have triggers, look for
it.
And then we found Sandy Hook, 322, mind control, maps sent out saying rise with Sandy Hook
listed cuz they like to brag to each other. They call it lesser magic. The globalists
believe that if you model something first small and openly show it, it's like counting
coup of the Native Americans where they conk you on the head three times before they actually
kill you.
It shows I could have killed you three times before I actually killed you. That's when
you get a feather, okay? You don't just get a feather, you gotta kill somebody by counting
coup to get a feather. And everybody's gotta witness it, okay? And you got a whole bunch
of feathers, how many people you killed.
It's counting coup. Sorry, go ahead. Big, deep secret right there.
But yeah, like I said, in the movie The Dark Knight, they actually have that physical date
and that date is actually coming up. But you've got Obama going to Israel. You've got the
Georgia God stones that was erected March 22nd, 1980, which will be exactly 33 years.
You've got the RFID coming out this month. All these things are coming in and I would
say-
This is the anniversary of the Federal Reserve.
You've got the gentleman that put a video out on YouTube and it breaks down the money
system, how they bragged about 9-11. Well, he also has the new $50 bill and it shows
the old 50 with the picture of the Hoover Dam. And you can see on the new 50 and it
looks like the Hoover Dam has actually exploded.
No, I've seen that and I'll pull it up. Let me see, new 50, Hoover Dam, and I'll pull
it up for, I'll pull it up for people.
The Halo game actually has the same video clip, it has the Halo game, it has the Hoover
Dam exploding in that.
Hey, one of the big video games, I forget the name, but we played clips of it on air.
We're gonna go to break, come back with our guests. In one of those games, it's one of
the real famous ones, I can pull it up during the break, came out three months before the
sneak attack by NATO against Russia and South Ossetia and Abkhazia in LA.
They had that exact fight in that very area and those areas in the video game three months
before it happened. And again, it's just all about flaunting it in our face, I hear you.
So what do you think is gonna happen?
I think that if there's gonna be a possible false flag, that would be, they're kind of
bragging about it before time, and we usually see these things after the fact. And it was
right in our face the whole time. I would say that if there's gonna be possibly something
that's gonna happen, I would point to that. But the other thing, too, that's kind of funny
this month with the trip to Israel is you've got Obama that is going on March 22nd. You
have him going into Israel, you know, five days before the Passover, just like Jesus
did. He's, you know, the Democratic Party has the donkey as a symbolism. If you'll count
back, like in the prophecy of Daniel, he talks about the 1260 days. If you'll count back
from March 22nd to 1260 days back, you'll see that Obama received a Nobel Peace Prize
on that day.
And they've also said he's Christ when he was running. We'll be back with our guests.
Hello, I'm Alex Jones. Myself, my family, the Infowars.com team want to relay to you
and your families that we are intensifying our efforts against the globalist on every
front. Infowars.com is leading the fight against the technocrats. But we can't do that without
your help. By getting the films, bumper stickers and T-shirts at Infowars.com, you will wake
up people in your area and support our operation as we move to the next level. We need your
help to spread the word like never before. They wish to hide themselves during this tectonic
battle between the forces of freedom and darkness. You are the response to the globalist technocrats
and their program of global eugenics dehumanization and ultimate extermination. The war is here.
It's an info war. The spirit of 1776 versus the mindset of 1984.
Do you suffer from low functioning adrenal or thyroid gland? Did you know that mercury
from your dental fillings comes off your teeth both as a vapor and as metal particles into
your body? Wherever mercury deposits in your body, it stops cells from functioning normally.
Animal studies show that mercury causes kidney function to drop by 60%. Mercury deposited
into your adrenals or thyroid will cause a corresponding drop in function. The number
one method by which your body detoxifies itself of mercury is glutathione. The number one
superfood that helps turn on all 75 trillion cells in your body to produce glutathione
is non-denatured whey protein from grass-fed cows. After investigating most high-end whey
proteins on the market, only one is the most non-denatured, the most active, the most complete
and in our opinion, the most powerful in what nature originally put into the fresh raw whey.
It is One World Whey. Call 888-988-3325. That's 888-988-3325. Or visit OneWorldWhey.com. That's
OneWorldW-H-E-Y.com.
Hi, this is Peter Kronschnabel from Midas Resources. As you know, federal government
spending is at an all-time high and inflation will be a direct result of the spending policy.
European government and central bank spending policies have put the European Union on the
brink of collapse. What are you doing right now to protect yourself financially? Are your
assets working for you or against you? One thing is certain, having physical possession
of gold and silver will guarantee that no matter what happens to our economy or the
dollar, your investment will never be worthless. It will protect you from that hidden tax,
inflation. If you've been thinking about investing in physical possession of precious metals
or having an IRA in precious metals, I can help. Call me today, Peter Kronschnabel, at
800-686-2237, extension 108. And I'll take the time to personally put together a portfolio
designed to protect what you've worked so hard for. Call 800-686-2237, extension 108.
You've worked hard your whole life and I want to work hard for you. Call Peter at 800-686-2237,
extension 108.
Hey there, my name is Frank Bates. Do you know the number one most valuable item in
a crisis? Some people think the answer is gold, others think it's a gun, but the correct
answer will shock you. I just created a free video at Crisis123.com that reveals a surprising
item that is more valuable than gold in a crisis. Ninety-seven percent of Americans
don't have this one critical item. In fact, they haven't even given it a thought. And
the sad truth is that you may not survive without it when a real crisis hits and a starving
mob is right outside your door. What I have to tell you could literally make the difference
between life and death for you and your family. Watch my video at Crisis123.com to discover
the number one most valuable item in a crisis. You'll be shocked. See the controversial video
that thousands of other smart patriots have already seen in the last three months. Go
watch my video now at Crisis123.com before they force me to shut it down. Again, that's
Crisis123.com. You know, we do that fourth hour of overdrive from back when I did four
hours every day. Some stations carry it. We've got our guests with us for about 45 minutes
or 40 minutes here, but I may, if they're talk show hosts on their own ride, I'll listen
to them locally on the local FM, which by the way, folks, you just shouldn't expect
AM and FM stations to always be there.
We gain new affiliates all the time, but they change format. They move. And we were on in
Dallas, got them great ratings and they just changed formats. Number one in Orlando went
to sports. So we gained stations, we're growing, but we lose them. So always remember you can
get the free iPhone app at Infowars.com. Okay, we've got Sean Siegel and Marcy Terry on.
I don't normally have lay people. I'm laying my shelves. I have medical, medical doctors,
brain surgeons, epidemiologists, virologists, scientists, you know, the head of the EU virus
program, Dr. Wolfgang Woudarg, all of them. I have them on. They say what this guy says,
but I listen to him. I hear him all the time on the weekend. He's on local 90.1 here in
Austin and I hear him and I just, they know what they're talking about, VaxTruth.org.
So this is a short segment, long segment coming up, but tell us about VaxTruth.org. Sean Siegel
and tell us about, you know, also the lady that we're going to have on with you, Marcy
Terry, who's on via video. Scott, people can see her in just a moment. What woke you up?
Because you're just very articulate. You know what you're talking about. And you know, just
the way you calmly talk about things really touches me. There's a poignance to your voice.
You're not trying to do it, but it just always moves my intellect and my heart when you're
just saying this is happening to our children. I mean, tell people why you got involved.
Okay, and I sure appreciate the opportunity, Alex. I'm a grandfather here in Austin, Texas
and I was 64 years old four years ago when I first found out that a vaccine could literally
kill or debilitate a child for life. That kind of blew me away. At about the same time,
I found myself in a kind of closed little seminar with Dr. Sheri Tenpenny and she informed
me and the rest of us, about eight or nine of us there in the group, that the CDC changed
the definition of polio the year the vaccine was introduced.
That did not sit well with me at all, because that's trickery. That's a magic trick. That's
not disease eradication. That's disease elimination through the stroke of a pen. And that started
me researching, especially having my three kids in town. I now have four grandkids.
That's right, when Bill Gates damages 40 something thousand kids and 60,000 in India, they don't
call it polio, they call it paralysis. Explain what they did to claim the polio vaccine worked.
Explain the whole thing. What they did was they changed the definition of paralytic polio.
There's two components, this is critical. They changed the definition of paralytic polio
from a presence of slight paralysis or partial paralysis over 24 hours to paralysis over
60 days.
What most folks don't know is that even paralytic polio self recovered in two to three weeks.
So that knocked out upwards of two thirds of the cases that would then fourth be labeled
polio. Now the other component, second component, there's actually three in total. Second component
is critical and unbelievable. And it demonstrates the hubris you always mentioned on the air
just perfectly. Non paralytic polio, it made up 55%. I looked up the cases in the years
preceding the introduction of the polio vaccine, 52, 53, 54.
And it made up 55% of the cases reported as polio, non paralytic polio. Non paralytic
polio is like a bad cold. And we're showing graphs from the CDC on screen for viewers.
And non paralytic polio is akin to a mild cold. They don't come and tell you that. They
never tell you that paralytic polio, upwards of two thirds of those cases, would self recover
within two to three weeks.
But then it gets worse. Again, I'm not just going off what you say. This is well known
for vaccine research. This is like the fact that the rock of Gibraltar is out in the ocean.
If you look at this, there was this little goodie in the polio vaccine that hundreds
of millions of Americans and hundreds of millions of foreigners got that had something that
killed people deader than a hammer in it, SV40 cancer virus.
Right, SV40 was detected in 1960. It was on purpose, go ahead.
In 1960, and the most egregious thing there was even after it was detected, they never
even pulled the batches in which they knew the SV40 was pregnant.
And we have the clip of one of the inventors of it laughing and saying, well, there are
too many people and laughing. And he laughs with PBS. It's very funny.
Well, these statistics-
Most people you know, folks, that died of cancer and all these rare cancers that became
suddenly super common, you can thank the government. They murdered your family. Hope you enjoy
it. Go ahead.
Okay, these statistics are one thing, and Marcy Terry will speak to those. She's an
excellent researcher. I go with the issue of trust because that's what struck me that
day with Sherry Tenpenny.
That's what started me on my original research journey. The point is between the changes
made to paralytic polio and non-paralytic polio and what they do with non-paralytic
is they literally changed the definition of non-paralytic polio.
Stay there. We'll expose the giant hoax and we'll have your cohost, Marcy Terry, on with
us right after this quick break. I'm Alex Jones.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing
a full selection of silver-based products. Our most popular silver-based products are
the 32-ounce nano-silver solutions, our 2-ounce nano-silver nasal applicators, as well as
our all-natural silver soaps. Just released is our 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver
gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and leave the silver
at the surface. But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin-nourishing
chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the
silver more effectively. Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver-based
products are best for you. That's www.silverlungs.com.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day. If you're
listening, you know the economy is not getting better. You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared. For years, we've told you about our friends at e Foods
Direct. They have the best-tasting, long-term, storable food on the planet. This food will
taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long-term food supply allows
you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most. Be prepared
and get your supply from e Foods Direct. Right now is the best time to stock up and save
hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give yourself peace of
mind and be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com slash Alex. Get
free shipping on all orders for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go to efoodsdirect.com
slash Alex. You can bet your life on e Foods Direct.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions
are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you
for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective
against bacteria, viruses, moles, and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver
has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com. Use the promo code prepared for 20% off your
entire order and like us on Facebook. I like to share a revelation that I've had
during my time here. It came to me when I tried to classify your species and I realized
that you're not actually mammals. Every mammal on this planet instinctively develops a natural
equilibrium with the surrounding environment, but you humans do not. You move to an area
and you multiply. You multiply until every natural resource is consumed. The only way
you can survive is to spread to another area. There is another organism on this planet that
follows the same pattern. They're racist. Do you know what it is? A virus. A virus.
Human beings are a disease. To the elite who want everything. The cancer of this planet.
The elite are really the cancer. We are the cure. Resistance to tyrants is obedience to
God. It's Alex Jones. Monday through Friday, 11 a.m. to 2 p.m.
We're here. We're into the third hour right now. Okay. Sean Siegel, grandfather, again,
researching vaccines, talk show host, Marcy Terry is co-host. We haven't introduced Marcy
yet and I haven't really gotten much into you guys' bio, but keep rolling with the statistics
and then introduce Marcy and you guys kind of have the floor here for a little while.
Okay, thanks. I was at Non-Paralytic Polio. They did the most amazing magical trick and
pulled the incredible rabbit out of a hat. We are told that meningitis is one disease.
Actually, there are two. There's aseptic and viral, so you have a bacterial version and
a viral version. And we were also told that polio is a disease that is caused by the polio
virus. Ostensibly, you should be able to look into a microscope and tell somebody exactly
what it is they have. What they did was they completely relabeled between 1955 and 56 and
65, about a decade, they relabeled all cases of non-paralytic polio as aseptic meningitis.
And this comes from Canada where they had the exact same move. And I wouldn't doubt
that the lady who allowed this in their publication got fired for doing so, but I'll read it.
It says, it may be noted, this is from 1959, by the way, it's called Poliomyelitis Trens
1958. It may be noted that the meeting council of health at its 74th meeting in October of
58 recommended that for the purposes of national reporting and statistics, the term non-paralytic
polio myelitis be replaced by meningitis, viral or aseptic. This is phenomenal. They
erased a diagnosis from the medical dictionary. And when they did that, they erased 55% of
the cases of polio that had been reported on an annual basis before the vaccine was
introduced.
Between the changes to the paralytic polio and the non-paralytic polio, it left about
10% of the cases. So strokes of the pan eliminated 90%. And then the coup de gras, the CDC mandated
the dense fourth, all cases of suspected polio go to them, to the CDC for final analysis.
It's like vaccine damage that they cover up. It's damage control. In this case, the damage
as far as they're concerned is any diagnosis of actual polio. And that's what happened.
And we have a very firm- Yeah, what do they call it now, Guillain-Barre?
Guillain-Barre, Bell's palsy, acute flaccid paralysis- Which they talk about record neurological
disorders. Right, it never disappeared. What happened to polio? Nothing happened to polio.
The symptoms are still there. There are hundreds, probably thousands of people in the country,
as you just said, that are now diagnosed with Guillain-Barre or Bell's palsy or acute flaccid
paralysis, who before the vaccine was introduced- But it's also another fraud. I think what's
happening is his mic's up too high because he's not up on it, and then I'm over here.
That's just a little thing we've noticed. Anyways, getting back to what I was breaking
down here, and we're gonna introduce your co-host. It's very, very important to understand
that there's so many frauds that'll make your head spin. So we're just hitting some of the
highlights here. But it's the same in Australia, Europe here. I've seen all the graphs, mainline
government graphs. I've heard you talk about them. Maybe I'm having that big stack and
the graphics we're showing for TV viewers, but for radio listeners, it was the advent
of sewage treatment. It was the advent of lights. It was the advent of better food.
And you see all sorts of diseases go way down. Then vaccines become popularized, 40s, 50s,
and actual diseases bump up some, but not to the previous level before hygiene. I mean,
people used to dump their crap in the streets.
Exactly, and it was all those improvements in public health and personal hygiene, refrigeration
of food, less toxicity in your diet, that lowered by 95% the disease mortality rates
from about 1915, where they peaked, in the 40s. So by the time the 50s came along, those
childhood diseases that are caricatured now as plagues were not considered plagues at
all. They were just childhood diseases.
Well, they also don't make a big deal out of all the people they're killing with the
vaccines now. Let's bring Marcy Terry, and I know you've been chomping at the bit, Marcy,
joining us via video Skype. Marcy, how did you get into this? And go over some of the
statistics for people. I mean, you guys kind of talk here.
Well, hi, Alex. Thanks for having us. Going over some of the statistics. Well, let me
just start with how I got into this. I'm a mother, and I'm also a grandmother. I live
in Indiana, and I have a daughter who was vaccine injured, and who had a very serious
vaccine injury and almost died a few years back. A couple of years ago, just before school
started here, there was an article in the paper that was written in the Evansville Courier
and Press. On the front page of the paper, it said, it declared, the title was sticking
to the schedule. Basically, it was what's published in mainstream news all over the
place at the beginning of the school years. If your child is not up to date on their vaccines,
they can't go to school. And they lie in hoax and say it's the law
when it's not. Exactly. So I tried to be nice, and I tried
to play and be a good girl. And I called, and I said, can you please just do a follow-up
story because people need to know that they do have rights. They have the right to religious
exemption in the state of Indiana, and they also have the right to medical exemption.
So if their child has a medical reason not to get a vaccine, then they don't have to
get them. And they just flat out refuse. They weren't gonna-
And again, every year before school, every paper in the country that I see runs hoax
article after hoax article, sometimes three in the same issue, saying it's the law, you'll
be arrested. And I read some this year before the school year out of a Dallas paper and
stuff saying, there's never been a problem. It's a conspiracy theory. There are no side
effects. And the insert says can kill you. And I showed the inserts. I mean, it's criminal
lying. They need to be sued. Well, exactly. It is criminal lying, and I
think they do need to be sued. And I think if we started holding the news stations-
These are people that want to make sure they kill your kid. And they kill people with a
papilloma shot all the time. They just love it. They're just murdering us. In Nazi Germany
or Russia, they put you in a pit and shot you. Now they just shoot you up and laugh
about it. Yes, yeah. Well, what happened to your daughter? What'd she take? My uncle almost
died from a tetanus shot back in the 60s. He doesn't have to be told not to take it.
My mom got super sick from a flu shot. She didn't have to be told. What are they going
to do as the armies of people with dead kids or kids that have convulsions or get neurological?
I mean, that's their problem is the army of the people they've damaged or killed grows.
What are they going to do? Well, that's exactly it. And that's the reason
why we're here today. And that's the reason why VaxTruth became an entity at all because
all I started out to do was I just wanted to let people in my area know that it wasn't
true because I could see these people scrambling to go get their kids up to date on vaccines
and the Tdap or the diphtheria tetanus and acellular pertussis or vaccine, it's DTaP
for young kids and then it's Tdap for older kids. That was added to the schedule here
in Indiana a few years ago. And that's the one that almost killed my daughter. She had
a grand mal seizure three hours after she got it. And that's the only vaccine she got
that. Now how old was she when that happened? She was 15. Now see that probably made them
mad if she'd have been six months when they usually had it, they'd have done a scan or
blood on the brain. They could have the fun of not just killing her, usually that happens,
the infant death syndrome, they could have thrown you in jail and had a double goody.
So I guess that was kind of upsetting that she survived and is doing better and that
they couldn't throw you in jail. If she was 15, they could say, mommy didn't beat me.
Right. Well, that's true. And the other thing is that as they're adding these vaccines to
the schedule for older children and adolescents, it's different from when you have a vaccine
injury in a young child because they're not talking yet. They don't have school records.
They don't have the, you know, they're not athletes. They don't have this history that
they carry with them already that shows that they were neurologically intact. They were
developing-
Yeah, that's why they want to hurt them as young as possible. Yeah, they found it's hard
to cover it up. Plus they can't frame you. And that's the real problem for the police
and everybody is they want to throw you in jail. That's the, because that's an extra
fun part.
Well, I'm sorry, but they're not going to, well, I'm not going to, I'm not going to dare
them, but-
Let's talk about SIDS because, you know, now they're having to admit it's the vaccines,
but they, and it really is getting to them now that they can't throw all those parents
in jail after they kill their kids.
Well, there's, yeah, there's still a lot of them sitting in jail right now. SIDS and shaken
baby syndrome that, you know, that these, all of a sudden these wonderful parents who
never had any kind of indication that they were, that they were abusive to their children.
They have older children that have never been abused. And all of a sudden they have a child
that dies within three days of having vaccines. And generally it's after the pertussis vaccine.
They-
And the doctors know that full well. It doesn't matter.
Yeah, they know it. There's too much money involved. There's too much money.
Yeah. This is interesting. One of the guests we had on the show is Dr. Vera Scheibner from
Australia. And 20 years ago, she, she with her husband developed a computerized monitor.
That's why I got you on. Here's what's going to happen. You've got the floor and if you
guys can do it, I'm going to give you the fourth hour, which is a large audience, probably
a million people, three million regularly an hour, because I'm doing this now with really
cool people.
Just giving them the fourth hour, kind of the overdrive. I'm going to give you guys
the floor to really drill into that. Can you guys do the next hour?
Absolutely.
Okay, but-
The two of us.
Absolutely. Give people a little four view. Yeah, because I heard the doctor. I heard
you cover it. In fact, that's why I had them call you also. I want to get her on because
they, they knew what was happening. Go ahead.
Yeah. Oh, is excellent. She and her husband developed a, a, what they called the cut watch
study because in Australia it's called a cut death instead of SIDS.
They wanted to find out why it was happening and they found out.
And parents wanted to find out what was happening. So they hired the, uh, Dr Scheibner and her
husband to run this monitor from birth. Right. And it was a perfect control situation as
Dr Scheibner described, where for the first two months with all these little babies, there,
there was no break in the breathing pattern that, that was detected by the machine. But
seven hours after the first vaccination and was, it was a pattern seven hours after the
first vaccination. And again, about 24 hours later, again, a week or 10 days later, again,
five days after that, there was a pattern.
They, the kids experienced a 95% loss of intake of air. I mean, how critical can you get 95%?
Well, it's designed chemical warfare. It's like the UN got caught adding the hormone
to the tetanus shot. These are all tailor made. Well, and you can see why a baby that
is 95% compromised, laying face down on any surface on a mattress is, is in terrible trouble
is in potentially and you inject them with a chemical weapon and it's causing brainstem
neurological motor controls, break down what they found.
And what they found was, and Dr Scheibner did her, did her, her homework. Uh, she went
to the Australian government, got to statistics, which they had by day by day and found out
that the SIDS incidents matched eerily with the incidents of these 95%.
Well, of course. And, and, and see that now they're saying abort kids up to three. Have
you heard that? That's the journal of pediatrics. This is a great idea. No, no, no. That was
journal of bioethics last year. And so, and euthanasia death panels, those are tests to
see can we kill kids and cover it up and blame them?
This is all a bio weapon attack. Right. Very loving. It certainly feels like that. But,
but we, uh, we, we approach it from trust. I, I trust that the parents out there who
are listening to our show, and by the way, the name of the show is the vaccine myth and
issue of trust. And we are on logosradionetwork.com, uh, every Sunday from two to 4 PM central
daylight time at this point, central time, except we started doing, I think that's the
show you heard last time you listened was on the first Sunday of every month.
We now have the myth of Palooza, which is a four hour show. What you need is people
to go and record your show, get it off the archive and put it on YouTube. We need people
more importantly than nowadays and the way media works. It's not even saying when your
show is on though. That's important is for the activist to push it out to people.
We have it. We have a vaccine myth. No, no, no, no, no. It's very, very exciting. We have
a YouTube channel. Uh, it's H T T P S the secured secure as per secure, um, colon backslash slash slash www.youtube.com slash user slash the vaccine.
Sure. Nobody can write that down. I'm telling you, like, let me just say Vax truth on YouTube.
Yeah, absolutely. Sorry about that. No, no, no. I'm just trying to drop. Everybody always
tries to get up a whole URL. Nobody can. Yeah, I appreciate that. Yes. Indeed. Go to the
vaccine myth. And we have had dr Andy Wakefield. We've had dr Sherry 10, 20, several times.
Uh, one of her good friends and nephrologist who after being quite dismayed after finding
out what her kidney patients were, were suffering after vaccines in the hospital ended up becoming
a homeopath. She now is still, well, I like what you guys are doing because it shows you're
fighting mag.
Marcy, what do you want to say while we're here talking to him, you're going to have
the whole next hour here to talk about, you know, these studies and on the big stack of
stuff you've got. But, uh, I mean, what else do you want to impart to people out there?
But I think it's, this is a giant hoax. I mean, can you trust them if they say it's
the law to take it when it's not, and then they're now moving to make it the law?
Well, exactly. And, and what's happening, Alex is, as you said, that the, the, the army
of parents who have vaccine injured children is growing and it's growing exponentially
and it's growing along. I mean, if you just look at the correlation between the, as, as
the, as the childhood schedule goes up, the number of children who are injured goes up
and the number of parents and family members who have, who watch what happens, um, is also
going up. So, so as those parents, um, you know, parents talk to their friends, parents
talk to other parents, doctors aren't listening to us. The public health is, public health
entities aren't listening to us. The government certainly isn't listening to us. So we have,
um, you know, we're talking to each other.
And when they kill your kid, they're gonna also throw you in a dungeon. So even if you're
not going to listen to us now, when your child has the convulsion, quits breathing and dies
and the cops are putting you in handcuffs, demand the autopsy and the autoimmune response
blood on the brain. Okay. Bring that up. Cause you know, I mean, they've already had the
victory of killing your kid. You didn't listen to us or brain damaging them. You're gonna
need to stay out of prison or they're gonna try to take your other kids.
Well, Marcy's going back.
That's happening now. That is happening now, Alex, as well. And it's, there's, this has
a, this is a continuum. It's, it starts with, starts on, um, actually before the birth of
the child with the administration of the flu vaccine during pregnancy and then hepatitis
B vaccine on the first day of life. And then the first two years, children are injected
with 115 different virus.
Let's talk about that because until four years ago, every insert, every doctor worldwide,
you don't give a pregnant woman shots. They knew it caused miscarriages and brain damage.
Now they say, oh, they need extra. In fact, they're now saying two flu shots and then
it's like, and then it's all, and then, and now the doctors are being told it's normal
to have a convulsion now. Oh, it's, oh, the blood's running out your nose. That's, that's,
that's part of the change coming.
It'll be okay. Take some time on all. It'll be all right.
It's part of the change. It's glorious. So, so yes, we're going to go to break and come
back and get into that in the next hour. What are some of the stuff you guys, for people
listening, some stations don't carry it. Internet only, prisonblinded.tv, infowars.com, audio
podcast, all that a lot of stations do. We'll get into it. I want people to really hear
your truth. VaxTruth.org, Sean Siegel, and of course, Marcy Terry, both here with us.
I'm Alex Jones of infowars.com. And of course we do have 11 memberships for $5.95 to see
the radio show at prisonblinded.tv. And your purchase allows us to fund this launch base
to fight the eugenicists that are engaged in mass extermination with soft kill weapons.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day. If you're
listening, you know the economy is not getting better. You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared. For years we've told you about our friends at eFoodsDirect.
They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food on the planet. This food will taste just
as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long-term food supply allows you to freeze
the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most. Be prepared. And get your supply
from eFoodsDirect. Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with
free shipping on all food supplies. Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared. Act now and
call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex. Get free shipping on all orders
for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex. You can bet
your life on eFoodsDirect. Hello, this is Ty Bollinger, author of the best-selling
book, Cancer Step Outside the Box. I want you to know some very important information.
In 1985, President Ronald Reagan requested that Carnivora be sent directly to the White
House at a time when only the President could obtain this world-class healer. Now, 27 years
later, Carnivora capsules are used around the world to keep people healthy. Now you
can protect yourself and your loved ones in this age of superbugs with 17 naturally occurring
compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal cells only without harming a single normal
cell. If you want to stay healthy, now's your chance to literally wake up your critical
immune cells to attack harmful invaders that don't belong in your body. Call 1-866-VenusFly
or order from Carnivora.com. That's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A.com. That's 1-866-836-8735, 1-866-VenusFly, or
visit Carnivora.com. Protect your immune system. It's the only one you've got.
We all know that Berkey Water Purification Systems are the most trusted name in water
filtration. As an authorized Berkey dealer for over six years and serving thousands of
satisfied customers, the Berkey guy offers amazing specials for Berkey Water Filtration
Systems. The Berkey Light Systems include a set of self-sterilizing and re-cleanable
black purification elements that purify water by removing chlorine, pathogenic bacteria,
cysts and parasites to non-detectable levels and remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides
and pesticides. Order the Berkey Light System today complete with two black Berkey elements
for only $231 and the Berkey guy will ship your order free of charge. With the purchase
of a Berkey Light, the Berkey guy is also offering a set of fluoride and arsenic filters
for only $39.99. That's over 30% off the retail price. Call the Berkey guy at 1-877-886-3653.
That's 1-877-886-3653 or order online at GoBerkey.com. That's GoBerkey.com today.
All right, putting some bookends on the main transmission. We're going to an hour of overdrive,
which a lot of stations do carry. Here with our guest, Sean Siegel and of course, Marcy
Terry, just very articulate people I've probably listened to 10, 15 times and everything they
talk about is just dead on, hardcore, all the truth, they really get it. And you know,
I get really nasty about this. I mean, let me tell you something. I know people who've
had their kids' brain damaged and had the cops come and say, you must have beaten your
kid and stuff, you must have. And this was in more recent times, so then the vaccine
issues known, so the hospital may go, well, it might have been a reaction, but they have
a secret payout fund where they pay it out by secret. It's never on the news, the vaccine
damage fund.
They know and the heads of hospitals knows. I mean, I had nurses, last child I had, she's
five now, pressure us to take shots. And at the end of it, they go, oh yeah, we're listeners,
our kids don't take them. I mean, they all know, they're told to do this. And so now
they wanna make, they have a Texas bill to get into the bills, to make everybody take
shots, all of it.
You guys are gonna have the floor, but you were getting into something really powerful
Marcy as we went to break. Do you remember what that was? Cuz I've talked so much I forget.
What was that last point you were trying to get into when we went to break?
Well, what I was saying is that it's really a continuum and what's happening is that those
children who emerge from the first two years in which they get the 115 vaccine antigens,
not to even to talk about the toxins that are in the vaccine.
Oh, you look at them, they're zombies. The kids are zombies now.
And then they get to kindergarten and they survive another onslaught, but a lot of them
are really vaccine damage. They're vaccine injured. We have a whole continuum of neurological
and immune system disorders. And these kids have gastrointestinal problems. They have
all kinds of physical problems. They have circulatory problems. They have digestive
issues. They have excretory problems.
If they can't get you in the criminal system, the judiciary, they're getting you in the
medical system.
Well they get you out. If your kid is so sick that they can't go to school, then they get
you out of the job market. So you're at home 24 seven. Then you've got-
Foreign globalists took over and are engaged in soft kill operations. And John P. Holden
wrote about it in the White House book, Ecoscience. You guys are going to have the floor in the
next hour. I want you to go back through all of this in more detail. You'll have the floor.
But Mr. Siegel, I mean, this is painful for us. Don't people realize this isn't a game
if you're a new listener?
It is very, very painful. I'll just point out one particular instance, a fellow we had
on the air. He's present every time because his music fills the air as we come on the
second hour. The song he sings, the group is called The Refusers, by the way. And the
song which Mr. Belkin sings is of the death of his five-week-old daughter.
Good God.
What happened was, at that point, 1998, there was no mandated day of birth hep B vaccine.
So his daughter, Lila Rose, was healthy, beautiful, vibrant little girl at five weeks.
Good God.
He had the vaccine, and 15 hours later, was dead. And two days later, two days later,
the coroner office called the house and told them they had found brain damage. Brain damage
is expected as a vaccine injury.
It's on the insert.
The Merck Manual lists vaccines-
But they won't do it.
As a cause of encephalitis. Well, talk about injury to insult, and insult to injury. Two
days later, Mr. Belkin found himself in front of the very same woman who had told him that
on the phone, being told by her, while being monitored by her supervisor, that they had
changed their minds. They were going to list it as a SIDS death, which they did. And subsequently,
in the years since, there has been no sign anywhere of the brain damage. They erased
it from the books. And that's the part that everybody has to realize, is the insidious-
The criminal coverup. They know.
It came down.
They know. They love it.
Down from the supervisor.
Good God.
The conversation-
Stay there. You're going to be back in one minute. Infowars.com audio streams, folks.
Great job, group.
Thank you for listening to GCN. Visit GCNlive.com today.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth-friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com, or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one- to two-month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice
as good as what you're using now. Or, save big with a one- to two-year supply of soaps
for all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Coast to Coast, direct from Austin. You're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
This is the Alex Jones Show. I am Sean Siegel, the host of the vaccine myth and issue of
Trust, which is indeed on Logos Radio Network from 2 to 4 p.m. That's at LogosRadioNetwork.com
every Sunday, Central Daylight Time. I'm here with Marcy. Marcy, you still with us?
Marcy Terry should be here with me. I'm not quite sure why she isn't, but hopefully she
will be joining us back here in just a few minutes.
I'm here, Sean. Can you see me or hear me? Oh, dynamite. Yeah, I can hear you at the
moment. I can't see you. All right, I'm here. I'm here.
I would like you to continue. We never got really into the story of VaxTruth and the
billboards that were the result of parents, indeed, who were in greater and greater numbers
experiencing damage to their children by vaccines, which led you to your billboard campaign.
Did you get into that? Yes. Well, what I was saying is in August
of 2011, a little bit more than a year and a half ago, they were gearing up for the beginning
of the school year, as they do every year, and the newspaper ran an article on the front
page that was entitled, Sticking to the Shots, or no, Sticking to the Schedule. I'm sorry.
What it stated was what newspapers across the country and major news outlets, television
outlets, and that kind of thing, say every year, your child cannot go to school if they
are not fully vaccinated according to the CDC schedule, period. That's not true.
In 48 states, parents are entitled to religious exemptions from vaccinations, and in about
20 to 25 states, I'm not exactly sure how many it is at this moment, there are also
philosophical exemptions. The only two states in the United States that do not provide religious
exemptions are Mississippi and West Virginia. Living in Indiana, I know that we have religious
exemptions from vaccines, and both of my daughters have religious exemptions. I was slow to wake
up. My daughter almost died as a result of my slow learning curve.
That's a great sign we're looking at right now. No shots, no school, not true.
Well, what happened was I tried to get the newspaper to print a retraction or to at least
do a follow-up story, letting people know, letting parents know that they don't have
to race out and get their kids vaccinated in such a rush because they have to go to
school. There are a lot of single-parent families. There are a lot of families who don't have
the option to stay home and homeschool. They have to work, and their kids have to go to
school. When the newspaper puts something out that says, your kids can't go to school
unless they're fully vaccinated, parents go in droves to the health department and they
get their kids vaccinated and then don't look into it. They're not making informed decisions.
Putting it out there like that is coercion. It's like holding a gun to your head and saying,
you have to vaccinate or else, and that's just not right.
It's a misrepresentation of the law by the very people whom your tax dollars are supporting,
which should be criminal in itself. They're giving you half the law. They're not telling
you that what they first say actually is countered by the rest of the law. They don't tell you
about the religious exemption and indeed in 20 or 25 of the states, including Texas, the
philosophical exemption as well. And it's insidious that parents, because IMD, some
of the billboards up here, you've seen the one that says, no shots, no school, not true,
vaccines can damage.
I put that up here in Austin last year, and it was covered by KI News that night. It was
very well covered. But what in the world are we doing? What are we doing where parents
have to do the job of the government, okay? It's shameful is what it is. And it's the
story of the trust. That's why we call the show The Vaccine Myth an issue of trust. You
cannot trust the CDC. You cannot trust all those powers to be that are giving you the
misinformation, disinformation, and suppressing a lot of information.
This is infowars.com. We'll be back after a short break.
Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system portable on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
a new Pro One filters today at infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Spring is here, growing season. The economy is not getting any better. In fact, it's getting
worse. Think about it. At this rate, how will your life be in a month or even a year? Maybe
you've been putting things off, but the time to act is now. The country is running out
of food. You need to get your seeds before it's too late. At organica seed.com, you'll
find one of the largest online selections of heirloom seeds, survival seed packs, as
well as the giant vegetable seed collections that can feed you and your family for years.
Grow your very own fresh vegetables, wheatgrass, fruits, herbs, rice, tea, coffee and tobacco
with detailed growing guides available to you at no charge. You can maximize your harvest
and investment. And the best part? All orders ship within 24 hours. So head over to organica
seed.com. That's O-R-G-A-N-I-C-A seed.com. Organica seed.com today.
Are you still a traditional smoker? Now experience a new lifestyle and try vaping with e-cigarettes
by LASIG. Imagine no ashes, stains, nasty smell or coughing and hacking with LASIG e-cigarettes
revolutionary micro-electronic technology, rechargeable battery and unique replaceable
cartridge. You'll get all the benefits and satisfaction of smoking without the hazards.
Choose your taste from a wide variety of our new American-made Vapri at e-liquids at LASIG.com.
And LASIG smokes the competition by serving thousands of worldwide customers with real
people customer service, fast, free, same-day shipping and a 30-day warranty and satisfaction
guaranteed. So are you ready for a new vaping lifestyle? Then call 870-518-4307. That's
870-518-4307. Or visit LASIG.com spelled L-E-C-I-G.com. LASIG e-cigarettes for today's modern smoker.
The Genesis Communications Radio Network proudly presents the Alex Jones Show because there's
a war on for your mind. Okay, welcome back to the Overdrive Hour on
Ufowars.com. I am Sean Siegel. I'm the host of the Vaccine Myth and Issue of Trust. It's
a weekly radio internet show and you can access our archives by going to YouTube and looking
up the Vaccine Myth channel. And you'll see all of our individual audio interviews such
as with Dr. Andrew Wakefield, with Dr. Sherry Tenpenny, many more, nutrition pharmacist,
not doctor, but Ben Fuchs. All of these folks, of course, you've seen and heard on Alex's
show. Marcy, you were talking about the billboards. How many billboards now have there been around
the country? Well, I was counting the other day. I think
we have 12 or 13 billboards that we have put up. We've got another one that will go up
this month in Logansport, Indiana. We started out in Evansville. We had two billboards in
Evansville that ran for nine days in August of 2011. And then there was the billboard
in Austin that you spearheaded for us. Then there was a billboard that was in Colorado
and then with the billboard in Texas and again in Austin. The largest market that we have
covered thus far, we had six billboards in Los Angeles last year.
Okay, good. And they stayed up for like five or six weeks. Is that correct?
No, the ones in Los Angeles, I wish we could have afforded five or six weeks. The ones
in Los Angeles were for one week. They went up, they were for one week. That's a very
expensive market and we're so small. So I'm really glad and thankful that we have this
opportunity to be on Info Wars because it helps to get the word out.
As I was saying, my goal initially as a mother was just to try to educate my local market.
Evansville has about 150,000 people in the metro area and we're a tri-state. So we have
a lot of rural communities and smaller communities in Kentucky and Illinois that are also dependent
on our newspaper. It's the only major source of news for a lot of families. And for them
to misrepresent the truth about vaccines and education in schools, children being able
to go to schools, was just unacceptable to me.
So my goal was, again, just to put up billboards because they weren't going to do it. And so
I asked my Facebook friends to help me. I got some amazing help from an angel named
Max. Max is a little boy or was a little boy. He was 22 months old when he died as a result
of vaccine injuries. And thanks to Max and his father, I was able to raise enough money
in 24 hours to put up the billboards in Evansville, which interestingly, the total fee for that
was 1984. It was $1,984.
Phenomenal coincidence.
Yeah, it was a coincidence.
Folks out there, you have to appreciate this. Marcy, and certainly I was participating.
Marcy was raising money through Facebook from other parents to put up billboards around
the country to give parents the information that should, by any responsible public authority,
have been provided them without this sort of absurd participation by the parents. It's
just incredible that putting in 5, 10 bucks at a time from how many people and once in
a while getting a larger donation, be able to put up the monies here.
I, for instance, funded the first one here, and I believe I was repaid by some of it at
least from monies that were given to vaxtruth.org. And that's why vaxtruth.org started. I want
to go back to just one issue of trust. And indeed, the vaccine myth and issue of trust
is dedicated to issues of trust. That is, we should expect, we do expect, as parents,
as grandparents, we demand that our public health authorities, that our school systems,
that our doctors, that the CDC, that the AEP, that the folks at the Children's Hospital
of Philadelphia, be honest with us and give all the information that is due a parent under
the precept of informed consent.
Exactly. Informed consent is a huge issue, and I'd like to touch on that just for a minute.
Please do.
We were talking about, as Alex was talking about, vaccine injuries. And I mentioned that
my daughter, the thing that precipitated this for me was my daughter's vaccine injury. It
was very significant. It happened within the major, the last one, the last vaccine injury
for her was within three hours of receiving a Tdap vaccine. And she had a grand mal seizure.
She fell off the bed and hit her head. She stopped breathing while I held her head in
my hands. Thankfully, she was resuscitated. And we went to the hospital in an ambulance.
And while we were in the ambulance, I called our family doctor who had given her the vaccine.
And I called his office and I said, I want this reported to VAERS, Vaccine Adverse Events
Reporting System, as vaccine injury. We went to the hospital. They knew it was a vaccine
injury. I told them what happened. It was months later that I realized that it had not
been reported. When I called my doctor's office, I said, you know, why didn't you report this?
And they said, well, you didn't bring her back here. They said, we didn't have to report
it because you didn't bring her back here. I said, I didn't bring her back there because
she stopped breathing. We went to the hospital in an ambulance. And so they said, well, it
was the hospital that should have reported it. So I called the hospital and I said, well,
why didn't you report it? And they said, well, we didn't administer the vaccine. The administering
physician should have reported it.
So the hot potato showed up.
Exactly. So I called VAERS. Well, I called the Health and Human Services and the VAERS
office. And I asked the woman who answered the phone, I said, so whose responsibility
is it to report vaccine injuries? And she said, well, either one. And I told her the
situation. She said, either one should have reported. And I said, well, isn't that mandatory
according to the law? And she said, yes. And I said, so what are the consequences when
physicians fail to report? And she said, well, there are no consequences. I said, that's
not a law. If there are no consequences, that's a suggestion. That's not a law.
Absolutely.
And for this reason, because it's not enforced and there are no consequences, the number
of vaccine injuries, the percentage is somewhere estimated to be between 1 and 10 percent.
And it's probably between 1 and 2 percent of vaccine injuries that are reported.
So when you're talking about informed consent, informed consent for vaccination requires
that you have the information that you need in order to make an accurate risk benefit
analysis.
Right. And for your own child.
If we don't have the information about how common vaccine injuries are, because there
is no consequence for, there are no consequences for physicians who fail to report them, even
in situations where the vaccine clearly is the cause of the injury, as in it happened
within hours or minutes.
You know, a child gets a vaccination and falls dead in the doctor's office and the doctors
don't report it as a vaccine injury. Well, that's just a coincidence.
Yeah.
They could have died anyway.
It should be indictable.
It should be indictable. And until that law is enforced, we don't have the information
we need to make accurate risk benefit analyses. If we can't make accurate risk benefit analyses,
then we don't have informed consent, which means we are being coerced. We are being lied
to and we are making decisions that are uninformed. As parents, we're making decisions that are
uninformed through no fault of our own and we're simultaneously being told, you have
to do this or your kid can't go to school.
And in some cases, we're being told, parents are being threatened by physicians, by pediatricians.
They go to the pediatrician's office and the pediatrician says, if you don't comply, I'm
going to call CPS. Those threats are happening every day and in some cases, they're following
through on those threats.
Parents are scared. They're scared to the point where they're not even taking their
kids to the doctor because doctors are threatening them with taking their kids away. And this
is happening not only with vaccines at the one end of the spectrum. What I was trying
to say is we've got kids whose parents already have vaccines and injured children and they've
learned their lesson and they've done their research and so now they have new children
and they're trying to find doctors to cover their care, just their basic care, and they
take them to pediatricians because pediatricians are firing them from practice so they're leaving
them without care. And that's against the AAP's own statement, their own policy, but
it's happening all the time. So parents are left trying to find doctors.
Now they've got kids who are vaccine injured and have serious medical problems and their
children are not being treated for those medical problems. These children who have autism diagnoses
and who have gastrointestinal problems and who have immune system problems and who have
all of these systemic train wreck issues, their parents are scared to take them to the
doctors because doctors are turning his parents into CPS because they're refusing treatment.
This is what's happening right now in Chicago with a young man named Alex Sportalakis whose
mother has been trying for almost four weeks now to get him adequate treatment for his
gastrointestinal problems. The doctors aren't treating his gastrointestinal problems. He's
had vomiting and diarrhea, has been stuck for almost two weeks in the ER department
without ever going to a room, chained to a bed because he's aggressive. He's 14 years
old. He's non-verbal. He has autism and his gastrointestinal problems, diarrhea and vomiting,
he hasn't even been evaluated for that. And of course he's aggressive. He has terrible,
terrible physical problems. Of course he's aggressive. He's in pain. He can't express
himself. He's 14 years old. He's probably strong. And so he's presenting a problem.
But the problem is that they are not dealing with what you, Marcie, and eventually we will
get into this, what you are beginning to deal with, which is the fact that all these sensory
process disorders, autism, all of these neurological disorders can be treated. They are medical
problems. They are not genetic problems. They are medical problems.
It's not mental. It's physical. It's not mental. It's physical. I'll go to one of the issues
of trust we had on the vaccine myth and issue of trust. When we had Dr. Wakefield on, I
was quick to bring him into the arena that he loves because what folks don't realize
is there's all the hullabaloo about the supposed ethical charges against Dr. Wakefield. His
license was removed. Indeed it was. But what no one tells you, when we'll be back in just
a few seconds, it will be a break soon. And when we come back, I'll tell you what it is
that no one told you that should have been trumpeted, should have been trumpeted internationally
on headlines everywhere, because that's the news that came out of that experiment that
should have been told and wasn't. We'll be right back.
Hello, I'm Alex Jones. Myself, my family, the Infowars.com team want to relay to you
and your families that we are intensifying our efforts against the globalist on every
front. Infowars.com is leading the fight against the technocrats. But we can't do that without
your help. By getting the films, bumper stickers and T-shirts at Infowars.com, you will wake
up people in your area and support our operation as we move to the next level. We need your
help to spread the word like never before. They wish to hide themselves during this tectonic
battle between the forces of freedom and darkness. You are the response to the globalist technocrats
and their program of global eugenics dehumanization and ultimate extermination. The war is here.
It's an info war. The spirit of 1776 versus the mindset of 1984. What's safer and cheaper
than prescription drugs? Glad you asked. The answer is renovation teas. Herbal remedies
are much safer and much cheaper than prescription drugs taste great. And most importantly, herbal
teas are effective and non addictive. Renovation tea is especially unique. And here's why we
spent years researching herbs and their beneficial properties. Renovation teas uses only 100%
organic fair trade herbs. Our teas are blended towards specific ailments and health conditions
such as diabetes, blood pressure, anxiety, libido, detox and much more. All renovation
teas are formulated and hand filled in Arkansas. Take care of yourself naturally the way Mother
Nature intended. Order renovation teas at renovationtea.com or call 870-784-3121. That's
870-784-3121. Renovation teas. Renovate your health one bag at a time. Friends, this is
Alex Jones for MidasResources.com. For more than 15 years, I have exclusively used Midas
Resources for all my precious metal needs. Whether it's bullion or collectibles you're
looking for, Midas Resources is simply the best. I own my gold as a hedge against inflation.
This Federal Reserve fiat currency could go the way of the Deutschmark and the Weimar
Republic anytime. In these historically dangerous times, it makes sense to physically hold gold
and silver. Midas already has some of the best deals in the industry. But if you give
them a call and mention the radio special, they will give you a list of the day's super
specials. Midas brokers are standing by to answer all your questions at 800-686-2237.
They also have a lot of informative free literature explaining the opportunities and risks of
holding precious metals. They are ready to answer your questions at 800-686-2237. Again,
that's 800-686-2237. American gardeners and fellow patriots make the right choice with
your money, time and your family food supply. Choose 100% pure heirloom seeds in the Survival
Seed Vault from MyPatriotSupply.com. Why spend more? The Survival Seed Vault from MyPatriotSupply.com
is only $37.95 and includes 20 varieties of pure, hardy, easy to grow heirloom seeds.
Yes, only $37.95. That's 70% less than our competitors. You could buy three Survival
Seed Vaults for less than one of theirs. The Survival Seed Vault from MyPatriotSupply.com
includes detailed planting and seed saving instructions and ships same day. Plus, all
orders over $49 ship free. MyPatriotSupply.com is American owned by patriots like you. Passionate
about freedom and preparedness. Call now, 866-229-0927. That's 866-229-0927. Or discover
more emergency preparedness items when you order at MyPatriotSupply.com. Choose the original.
Choose the Survival Seed Vault at MyPatriotSupply.com.
Okay you are listening to the Alex Jones Show. We're in the fourth overdrive hour. Alex's
websites are infowars.com, prisonplanet.com, and you can watch everything live at prisonplanet.tv.
I am Sean Siegel. I am the host of the weekly radio slash internet show, The Vaccine Myth
and Issue of Trust. I'm here with Marcy Piper-Tury. She is a researcher extraordinaire. She's
the mom of a vaccine-damaged daughter, and she is the founder and director of VaxTruth.org.
Before I go back to the Dr. Wakefield issue I was going to cover, let me talk one moment
about VAERS that Marcy spoke to just a few minutes ago. Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting
System was set up with the legislation in, I believe it was 1974, that took the liability
for vaccine damage out of the hands of the vaccine manufacturers. It ostensibly is a
recording mechanism that is essential, otherwise they wouldn't have set it up. It's supposed
to record and monitor all of those longer-term reactions, the adverse reactions to vaccines.
At the moment, there are over 5,000 reported suspected vaccine-associated deaths in the
VAERS system. There are something like 7,000 permanent injuries. There are close to 10,000
hospitalizations and in the tens of thousands of prolonged hospitalizations and trips to
the emergency room. Doctors will tell you and public health officials will tell you
that in regards to those VAERS reports, that correlation doesn't equal causation. Well,
strictly speaking, that is true, but ethically speaking, it is not. A correlation, as we
all know, both by common sense and by the definition of correlation, is a relationship
not expected to exist on the basis of chance alone. It's not expected, statistically speaking,
to be a coincidence. When you put on top of that the fact that, as Marcy said before,
and the Journal of the American Medical Association printed years ago in one of their articles
it was a conclusion of a study that was 1% of actual serious adverse vaccine reactions
ever get reported.
So what's the possibility? How many deaths actually have occurred from vaccines? 5,000
are listed as suspected. And you have to assume if you're going to make an assumption at all
because of the nature of correlation, you have to assume unless you have proof to the
contrary in every particular instance that every one of those is indeed causally related
to the vaccines.
Sean, I'd like to just say too that when you're talking about deaths from vaccines, the hepatitis
B vaccine alone, the hepatitis B vaccine, which is a vaccination for... Hepatitis B
is a sexually transmitted disease. It's transmitted the same way as other sexually transmitted
diseases that are blood-borne illnesses. It's through sex and through sharing of needles.
There is absolutely no rationale for giving hepatitis B vaccine to infants, particularly
if their mothers are not positive for hepatitis B.
Right, which is by far most...
Women are screened. They know if the mother's positive or not. But the hepatitis B vaccine
alone, the last time I looked, and it's been a while, I think it was December the last
time I looked at it, but there were more than 800 deaths in infants under the age of three.
And most of those, 90 something percent of those were in infants under the age of six
months. Those are deaths that have been reported from the hepatitis B vaccine.
The other thing I want to say about that is there was, and I haven't been able to find
this article again, but I remember not... It's been a while back, but there was an article
that was written by a former emergency room physician. And he was a practicing physician
I think for about 20 years. And he wrote this article that stated that during the time when
he was an emergency room physician, he never once made a report to VAERS for vaccine injury.
After leaving the emergency room and learning about vaccine injuries, and I'm not sure how
he learned about them, because doctors aren't taught what vaccine injury looks like. They're
not taught to look for it, they're not taught to report it, they're not none of that. So
I'm not sure if it was a personal experience or what it was, but after he left the emergency
room and learned what vaccine injuries really looked like, in his article, he stated that
looking back in hindsight, he could have made at least one or two reports per week to VAERS.
That's incredible. I mean, you can't even begin to add up. And that's only one person,
one person working in one particular room, and there are hundreds, thousands of those
nationwide. Okay, we hear the music. We're coming up to another break for a few minutes.
When we get back, we'll get back into the Wakefield and into the good news. And this
will bring us back into Marcie's current interest. This is infowars.com, the Alex Jones Show.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN radio network. Introducing
Pro One. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more do you have two
or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts out the sodium
fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
a new Pro One filter today at infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
We've lived in this neighborhood for years. We have an alarm system and all of our doors
have deadbolts. They kicked in our door and were in and out of our house in about five
minutes. The police arrived in about 20 minutes, but they were long gone with our TV, jewelry
and my guns. I kept thinking, what if my family had been home? The police officer said that
more than 85% of break-ins are through a door and that deadbolts alone don't stop intruders.
The officer told me to go to easyarmor.net if we wanted something that would actually
stop an intruder. Easy Armor reinforces all of the weak points on your doors and is guaranteed
to prevent kick-ins. I was surprised at how little Easy Armor costs and I installed Easy
Armor in about 30 minutes. Visit easyarmor.net. That's the letters E-Z-A-R-M-O-R.net or call
888-58-ARMOR. That's 888-582-7667. EasyArmor.net. Ultimate door security made easy.
Digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins. That bears repeating.
Digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins. And Pro EM-1 daily
probiotic cleanse is the key to digestive health. Pro EM-1 is a powerful liquid probiotic,
strong enough to cleanse, gentle enough to use every day. Pro EM-1 is dairy, wheat and
soy free, contains all natural and certified organic ingredients, contains no preservatives
or animal products, supports a healthy digestive and immune system, supports weight loss, improves
absorption of food nutrients, aids in controlling yeast infections, is never freeze dried and
uses three groups of live viable beneficial microbes to cleanse and remove toxins. Order
Pro EM-1 Daily Probiotic Cleanse at Tereganics.com, spelled T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X.com, Tereganics.com
or call toll free, 866-369-3678. That's 866-369-3678. Pro EM-1, the raw probiotic.
I hurt myself today, to see if I still feel, I focus on the pain.
See if I can still feel, that certainly goes to all those kids who are suffering from autism
and similar neurological disorders as a result of vaccine damage. Once again, you're listening
to the Overdrive Hour of the Alex Jones Show. I'm Sean Siegel. I'm the host of the Vaccine
Myth and Issue of Trust. I'm here with Marcella Piper Terry. Marcy is the founder and director
of VaxTruth.org. I'll sum up the vares with one sentence. Correlation does not equal causation,
but correlation does imply causation. But we have, Marcy, one long and one short segment
left here. So let's get into the positive side. In these last few weeks, the last month
or so, on the vaccine myth and issue of trust, we've been trying to go into positive issues
of trust, as opposed to all those others that are unfortunately so readily available to
grab, which is the issues of trust where the CDC and all those other public authorities
are misinforming us or disinforming us, or almost always suppressing, just simply not
informing us and giving us the information that we as parents and grandparents demand
from our public health authorities.
But back to Dr. Wakefield. When Dr. Wakefield and the crew, he worked with 12 other people
at the Royal Free Hospital in London. They diagnosed, they examined 12 kids, all of whom
were autistic and had severe gastrointestinal problems. They found inflamed bowel disease.
They actually found the measles virus inhabiting the guts of these kids. What's not told is
that when they were treated for the inflammation, the symptoms of autism were ameliorated, and
in some cases, almost miraculously.
Kids who hadn't spoken for months or a year or more began speaking. And to me, the most
heartening thing about it, and just amazing, is that from all accounts, these kids, if
they were, say, four years old or five years old, and they had stopped speaking when they
were three, when they began speaking, began using the words at the level of a four or
five-year-old. The kids were growing internally. The kids were intellectually developing, while
to the outside world, they had disappeared.
And Marcy, you need to take the floor, ma'am, because you are now studying to be a biomedical
consultant. And I'd like for you to tell the folks exactly all the good news about how
autism and other neurological disorders can be treated.
Okay. Well, I actually have been a biomedical consultant since 2007.
I should correct you.
That's okay. I've been a biomedical consultant since 2007. I applied to take the clinical
training through Defeat Autism Now, which is an out branch of the Autism Research Institute
in San Diego, which was started by the wonderful, amazing Bernie Rimland. And I applied to the
to take the clinical training because I live in an area of the country where there was
no access to Defeat Autism Now doctors or those who were practicing the biomedical approach
to autism and the treatment of autism. And I was allowed to attend. I had to submit letters
of recommendation and that kind of thing.
So prior to that, I was already doing biomedical interventions before I ever knew that biomedical
interventions existed or what they were called. I was researching and learning about orthomolecular
medicine and orthomolecular psychiatry. And I was in a private practice, a psychiatry
private practice, and was treating. It was pretty standard, not standard by any means.
It was not standard by any means. Very comprehensive, very holistic practice, a wellness center.
And we were treating patients. Of course, the psychiatrist does use psychotropic medications.
But we also treated with fish oil and with probiotics and with digestive enzymes. And
we did functional medicine labs and looked at nutritional deficiencies and gastrointestinal
problems. We looked at food allergies. We ordered food allergy profiles for our patients.
We did comprehensive digestive stool analyses, all of those things before I ever went to
the DAN training. So I had a really good baseline in that and saw amazing results when those
issues were addressed.
After I attended the training, that's when I went out on my own and became a biomedical
consultant and was working. What I would do is I would meet with parents and their children.
I have a 20-page developmental history form that I ask people to fill out. And then would
work with their family and physicians. I would make recommendations based on the family history,
based on the child's individual medical history, based on the parent report of the child's
development and taking all of those things.
And most important, spending an average of about three hours with the parent, with the
child listening and learning from what the parent had to say about their child. Because
the parent is the expert about the child. No doctor who walks into an exam room with
a patient, with a parent, with a child who has serious complex system-wide problems,
no doctor is going to understand in three minutes or less what's going on with that
kid.
Right. The expert is the parent.
Exactly. You have to listen. If you walk into an exam room and you think you know what's
going on, then what's going to come of that? That's ridiculous.
So at any rate, what I would do is I would work with families and with their physicians,
which is not always easy because it's difficult to find physicians that are willing to listen,
willing to think outside the box and willing to work with someone who is not a licensed
physician. So that can be a challenge in itself. But it's not an insurmountable challenge
and children get better. They get better and they get amazingly better. It's kind of
like when you get a tune-up for your car. You can put gas in your car, but if there's
no oil in it, it's not going to run right. If there's no fluid in it, it's not going
to run right. You have to assess all of those things in order for it to run. And that's
kind of a very simplified way of looking at what biomedical is.
So it is very exciting. It's also very frustrating because the mainstream medical
model is the norm. Children's needs are being ignored because they have an autism
diagnosis. I think what's so heartbreaking for so many of us this week as we learned
about what was going on with Alex at Loyola University Medical Center in Chicago, so many
of us have been through biomedical interventions with our children. It's very costly in
many cases. It doesn't necessarily have to be and there's a lot that parents can
do without a physician. There are ways to get labs ordered and there are some really
good labs that can help to decrease the stabbing in the dark kind of thing, the trial and error
sort of stuff. There's some really good comprehensive labs.
What's the best way for parents or grandparents or relatives who may be listening and are
getting interested in the fact that there is a positive side to this, that such neurological
damage can be treated successfully for them to locate biomedical consultation?
Well that is becoming a problem actually. It's not as easy to find doctors who are
willing to pursue this anymore because the more children are injured and the more parents
are refusing vaccines and the more people are looking for doctors to help their children,
the more the pharmaceutical industry is striking back. There are doctors throughout the United
States who have been helping these children who have been targeted. I've not seen this
but there are rumors and I think they're true that there is a hit list of doctors and
they systematically are doing the same thing to these doctors that they did to Dr. Wakefield.
The goal is to take away their medical license and to discredit them and to shut them down
because it's about money. It's not about helping these kids. It's about money. It is very difficult.
I'm actually in a pretty good position because I don't treat children and I just review their
histories and based on their histories and their family histories and that kind of thing,
I work with physicians who are willing to work with me. What we do is we don't treat
autism because there is no medical treatment for autism. That would be against the standard
medical model and you can't go against the standard medical model because that gets you
in trouble. So what you do is you look at what the symptoms are and then you order the
labs based on those symptoms and then when you get the labs back that confirm the presence
of these medical issues, you treat the medical issues and when you treat the medical issues,
the body heals and when the body heals, an amazing thing happens. Nutrients start being
absorbed by the gastrointestinal system and when nutrients start being absorbed by the
gastrointestinal system, then there are the building blocks in place for neurotransmitters
to be formed because neurotransmitters are not formed in the brain. Believe it or not,
neurotransmitters don't start in the brain. They start in the gut and if the gut is damaged,
then the gut can't produce the building blocks for neurotransmitters so the brain doesn't
work right. So autism is not a brain disease. Autism is a body illness. Autism is the behavioral
manifestations of a body, systems-wide body illness. When you treat the body, you address
the illness, then the brain starts working the way it's supposed to and the manifestations
of autism, quote unquote, disappear. And that is such wonderful news and that's what should
be broadcast and trumpeted internationally and is. It is through shows such as this,
it's Alex's show and we certainly appreciate this opportunity from Alex to provide the
message to everybody. And as with Dr. Wakefield, I have to mention too, it wasn't only the
ability to speak, it came back to these kids who after being treated for their bowel inflammations
began improving and their symptoms of autism began to disappear. They began to sleep at
night when they hadn't slept for a long time. They began to recognize and bond with their
parents and their siblings whom they had not recognized or bonded with for years in some
cases where, I mean, you actually got the personal familial recognition and bond back.
Absolutely. Just by dealing with their gut. Right. I want to tell you something about
their, the first child that I treated, I'll try to make this short, but the first child
that I treated who had an autism diagnosis was actually referred to me for neuropsychological
evaluation which is something else I did, one of the other hats I wore. And her mother
brought her to me because she was 13 years old. She was aggressive toward others in the
school environment and the school was saying she can't come here anymore. She has to, she's
going to have to go to an inpatient hospital setting where she can stay for the rest of
her schooling. She's 13 years old. She had an moderate autism, moderate mental retardation
at that time, that's what they called it, now it's moderate mental handicap, and with
an IQ that was estimated to be in the 50s. She was non-verbal at that time. Her mother
brought her to me because she wanted me to test her. The first three or four times that
I met with them, the first time I had to jump back pretty quick because I almost got hit
in the face with a fist. The second time, I didn't get that close, but she was absolutely
not going to work with me. It was hands across the chest and no, we're not doing this. So
after the third or fourth time, I just told the mom, I said, you know, I hate to keep
taking your money because I don't know that I can help you. I mean, I can't test if she's
not going to participate. That's why children with autism, quote unquote, get diagnosed
as having mental handicaps because the tests that are being used are very heavily weighted
for language and for attention and motivation. If they're not cooperating and they can't
cooperate, they can't communicate with you, then they end up with these scores that make
them look like they're mentally handicapped and they're not. Some of these kids are absolutely
brilliant and a lot of them are. Well, what happened anyway was after the fourth time,
mom says, you know, I'm going to keep bringing her because I think you can help her. So I
said, well, let's go sit down and go over the, you know, we're missing something here.
Let's go over the developmental history. So we started looking at it and I said, okay,
tell me about the constipation. How bad is this? She said, well, it's pretty bad. We've
been to the hospital four times for impactions. And I was like, oh my gosh, you know, okay.
So sometimes she goes for up to a month without having a bowel movement. The doctor says,
well, the pediatrician says, well, some kids that's normal. That is not normal. Having
a bowel movement once a week or, you know, once every two weeks or even once every two
or three days is not normal. That's not normal. That's the way the body clears itself of toxins.
So that's your immune system working. That is the everyday workings of the immune system
at play. It's clear toxins. And eventually we'll get into that too, that it turns out
that one of the more egregious acts of the vaccine industry is to slander disease.
Disease is simply the extension of the everyday working of the immune system when the toxicity,
which needs to be removed from the body, has grown too great for the daily mechanization
to accomplish. And at that point, the body takes advantage of whatever viruses or bacteria
are available. It begins an infection. The infection gets rid of the toxicity, which
as one of the doctors we've spoken to on the show says is a dirty word, basically, in medical
language because you can't be specific with it. You can't give it a drug. You can't charge
for it. But there it is. That's what happens. It's not a coincidence. It's not a coincidence
that every time you've been sick in your life, you got well.
The question is, and you think about it, and it's a fascinating question, did you get well
in spite of the disease, or did you get well because of the disease? And that's where we
ended up going with our issues of trust, was basically trust in mother nature. And what
you are doing, Marcy, is fantastic. And all the other people like you who are working
this around the country and around the world, because you're learning to support mother
nature in her support of the immune system and allow it to do its job.
If I can just finish really quick, Shawn, I want to tell you what happened with this
girl.
Do it.
I sent mom home. I talked about the constipation. I sent her home with a protocol to clear out
this kid's GI tract, to clear the constipation. And we scheduled a four-week follow-up. I
told her, I said, I don't know if this is going to work. This is the first. I've done
this with my kids, but this is what I want you to do. So I sent her home.
Two weeks later, the physician I was working with says, oh, I heard from mom today, the
girl who you were testing, the one that's not verbal, she's talking. And two weeks later,
she came back. She met me at the bottom of the elevator as I was going out to take my
little dog for a break. She met me at the elevator. She's standing there with her hands
on her hips, and she looks at me. She says, I'm ready to cooperate.
All right, hang on a second. There's a break coming up.
Hello, I'm Alex Jones. Myself, my family, the Infowars.com team want to relay to you
and your families that we are intensifying our efforts against the globalist on every
front. Infowars.com is leading the fight against the technocrats, but we can't do that without
your help. By getting the films, bumper stickers, and T-shirts at Infowars.com, you will wake
up people in your area and support our operation as we move to the next level. We need your
help to spread the word like never before. They wish to hide themselves during this tectonic
battle between the forces of freedom and darkness. You are the response to the globalist technocrats
and their program of global eugenics dehumanization and ultimate extermination. The war is here.
It's an info war, the spirit of 1776 versus the mindset of 1984.
We all know that Berkey water purification systems are the most trusted name in water
filtration. As an authorized Berkey dealer for over six years and serving thousands of
satisfied customers, the Berkey guy offers amazing specials for Berkey water filtration
systems. The Berkey light systems include a set of self-sterilizing and re-cleanable
black purification elements that purify water by removing chlorine, pathogenic bacteria,
cysts and parasites to non-detectable levels and remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides
and pesticides. Order the Berkey light system today complete with two black Berkey elements
for only $231 and the Berkey guy will ship your order free of charge. With the purchase
of a Berkey light, the Berkey guy is also offering a set of fluoride and arsenic filters
for only $39.99. That's over 30% off the retail price. Call the Berkey guy at 1-877-886-3653.
That's 1-877-886-3653. Or order online at GoBerkey.com. That's GoBerkey.com today.
March into big spring preparedness savings this month at BePrepared.com. Going on now,
emergency essentials and BePrepared.com save you 28% off your favorite beef and chicken
combo entrees. Save 24% on number 10 cans of freeze-dried raspberries or save 26% on
our freeze-dried strawberry slices with purchase of 12 or more. Katadyn Pocket Micro Water
Filters are 27% off. Try our fruit flavored HydroPak Combo Water Filtering Pouches. In
March, buy five 10-packs for a 50% discount. Stock up on wheat with a year's supply of
grains for $70 off only at BePrepared.com. And this month, power up with a Goal Zero
Sherpa 50 Solar Powered Recharging Kit at $110 off MSRP and we'll throw in a free $50
Emergency Essentials Gift Card. The March sale ends March 31st at BePrepared.com. For
contents and details, call Emergency Essentials at 800-999-1863 or click BePrepared.com. The
choice is clear. Be unprepared or BePrepared.com.
Okay, we're in the last segment. This is a short segment. Marcy, we've just got a few
minutes. We'll be wrapping up here in our overdrive hour on the Alex Jones show. Again,
Alex's sites are infowars.com, prisonplanet.com. And of course, you can watch his shows live
at prisonplanet.tv. Basically, I just want to say that there's no reason to fear disease.
For those of you out there who are still vaccinating perhaps, there's no reason to. The industry
works on fear. They have morphed what used to be by the middle of the 20th century considered
just rites of passage, medical rites of passage.
Chicken pox, mumps, measles have been turned into the plague when they are simply for any
child that has a modicum of health, of general health and immune system health, they are
no problem recovering from those diseases. And they are rites of passage. The immune
system actually strengthens through use like any system.
Exactly. What we have done as a society to our children through vaccination for things
like measles and chicken pox is we are denying their immune systems the experience that the
immune system needs in order to strengthen. Every time the immune system fights off an
illness and fights off a disease, it becomes stronger and then it is more able to respond
in the future to similar types of illnesses. This is why now we have epidemics of cancers
in addition to the fact that we're injecting so many toxins and disease fragments and foreign
DNA into our children's bodies that's triggering autoimmune disease, allergies, asthma, childhood
cancers and it's criminal what we as a society and those who are in charge in a society have
done to our children.
Absolutely. It's cruel.
It's iatrogenic illness. It is iatrogenic illness and it is caused by vaccines.
Absolutely. It's cruel and unusual punishment. Do not fear disease and vaccination is not
immunization.
No.
Very basic. Vaccination, if anything, is auto immunization because the immune system is
indeed infectious disease. Immune system is located in the gut, respiratory tract, eyes,
nose, throat, some on your skin. It's where mother nature over the eons has expected every
human to be introduced to pathogens. You're going to be inhaled or ingested. They're not
going to be put into the muscles of your arm and bypass the immune system.
The immune reaction is not just antibodies. That's what they use to judge efficacy of
vaccination is antibodies. There are millions of people who are immune, which means low
susceptibility to specific infections, who are immune without any antibody production
whatsoever. That after their exposure to the particular potentially infectious agent, their
immune system reacted on the other level, on the cellular level, and that was enough
to give them the immunity they needed.
The antibody is not indicative necessarily at all of immunity. By bypassing the immune
system, it induces, it triggers a bastardized reaction. It is not a full immune reaction
because it's not being inhaled or ingested or on your skin. You end up with chronic diseases
such as Marcy was mentioning, chronic illnesses and autoimmune disorders, asthma, lupus in
some cases. I mean, they are potentially catastrophic. Okay, Marcy, we're coming down to, we're coming
down to the end. We've got 30 seconds.
I was just going to say there's a really great video on the VaxTruth website called We Need
to Talk. And that video goes through exactly what you were just talking about, Sean.
Okay. VaxTruth.org and the vaccine myth and issue of trust. Okay. This is the Alex Jones
Show. Sure appreciate the opportunity, Alex. Y'all take care.
Thank you.
Thank you for listening to GCN. Visit GCNlive.com today.
