Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Things are really getting beyond surreal right now. They've had the FBI come out and say
that police saying, hey, let's burn down. Dorner's cabin aren't really saying, let's
burn down his cabin. Burn that house down, burn it down, burn it down.
We've got now four different scanner clips of this being said. And they just say, no,
you didn't see that. It's literally a Jedi mind trick. These aren't the droids you're
looking for, move along. And it just shows how crazy things have gotten, where the Congress
insider trades gets caught engaging in incredible crimes and just says, well, it's not crime
when we do it.
And I see the globalists exempting themselves from taxes, the president exempting himself
from the Constitution, openly violating it, openly carrying out fast and furious, openly
caught lying, openly putting our military under NATO control. And now, in New York State,
they've passed the laws. In Missouri, they're trying to pass them. In Washington State,
in Oregon, I mean, this is off the charts.
They have bills to physically make you turn them in. This is from the Gateway Pundit directly
from the Missouri bill. The Democratic bill in Missouri removed the assault weapon or
large capacity magazine from the state of Missouri. That's part one of the bill. Render
the assault weapon permanently inoperable, that's spiking it.
Or surrender the assault weapon or large capacity magazine to the appropriate law enforcement
agency for destruction, subject to the specific agency regulations. Outlaw the importation,
possession, purchase, sale. And I went and looked, that is what they're proposing.
Here's another one. Washington State bill would make almost all gun owners criminals,
banning almost all guns, SB 5737. But meanwhile, they're saying, we don't want your guns, we
don't want your guns. That's why it blew up at Piers Morgan. He's like, nobody wants to
take your guns.
Really, you got a whole bunch of bills introduced to do it. You've called for the abolition
the UN has. Obama did as a state senator, stop talking to me like I'm a two-year-old.
Do you understand you filthy con artist? I'm sick of your crap. I'm sick of it. I'm sick
of it, okay? I'm not under some trance where you burn things down and tell me you didn't
burn them down.
We have the stinking flare footage of them at Waco killing everybody. We have the Delta
Force orders to go in and kill them, came out in Congress. But they get on the news
and say, the Davidians burned themselves up. And now they're all on tape saying, burn him
up, burn the mother effer up, burn that house down, burn it down, get the gas, shut the
burners, the burners are shit, the house is on fire.
And I've got the sheriff of the Big Bear area on video coming up saying, hey, we didn't
essentially intentionally set any fires. I wonder who would work with cops if you're
robbing a bank, had big bags of money over your shoulder, wearing a little mask. And
they got their guns on you and they say, hey, stop, freeze.
You go, no, I'm not robbing the bank. I'm not a robber. They'd probably say, you're
right, he's not. Actually, they wouldn't, but if you were wearing a uniform, they might.
If you had like a mustache and a bald head and were the square jawed cop and said, I'm
not robbing the bank. Well, let us hope you load that money up then. I mean, it is just
getting ridiculous. It is preposterous. It is absolutely balderdash, cockamamie, horsemaner,
baloney, fraudulent trash.
And it's the same everywhere. People are delusional about their kids. They're delusional about
their health. They're delusional about their paycheck. We're delusional about the dollar
and the inflation and the doubling the national debt under Obama. And it's just going to go
absolutely off the tracks. In fact, the train's already off the tracks. It just hasn't gone
over the edge of the cliff yet. It's already gone off. And it's like, oh, you know where
that's going? I mean, just get ready, strap yourselves in because the country has gone
collectively insane like every other culture has.
And I believe it's going to get 10 times worse before it gets better. It is going to just
absolutely go into Bonkerville. If you want an American company with American products
made by Americans, here is the Cal Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these
pure soap products for years. These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable
and coconut oils that are Earth friendly and safe. See them on the Web at five star soap
dot com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and
enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what you're using now or save big with a one to
two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save
thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on
the Web at five star soap dot com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. It's no secret
that pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus can inflict severe damage
in the human body. Fortunately, a new and vastly improved silver solution has been developed.
Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary broad spectrum antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal
solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin. Supernatural Silver
is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silver using a patented technology that is
highly effective against colds, flus, infections, food poisoning and yeast in addition to many
other pathogens. Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe and is the number
one choice of thousands of people for immune system support. Find out how Supernatural
Silver could change your life. Go to Supernatural Silver dot com and use the promo code healthy
for 20% off. That's Supernatural Silver dot com and like us on Facebook. You may be arrested
and or subject to other police action. Tyranny is here. The grim future foretold in 1984
has become reality. It really says that the state is God. The United States is now recognized
globally as one of the most impressive police states on earth. This film conclusively proves
the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps now being expanded nationwide. This
documentary exposes how the continuity of government program has established an all
powerful shadow state. Police state four chronicles the sickening depths to which our republic
has fallen. Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship, body scammers,
sound cameras, citizen spies, stage terror and cameras on every street corner. It's only
the beginning of the New World Order's hellish plan. The police state isn't coming. It's
here. Secure your copy today at info wars dot com or see it online in the highest quality
at prison planet dot TV. From the front lines of the information war, it's Alex Jones. Monday
through Friday, we are here live. Ladies and gentlemen, 12 noon at three p.m. Eastern.
And of course, we also have the Sunday show four to six p.m. and info wars nightly news
every evening at seven o'clock Central Standard Time transmitted out to all the subscribers
at prison planet dot TV and info wars news dot com.
OK, wow. Another over the top, insane amount of news. I've got today's economic bombshell
news, dovetailing with the news from yesterday about inflation worldwide ticking up very,
very quickly because of countries all in a race to devalue their their currencies. This
is being globally orchestrated and the G20 admits it.
Davos is admitted and it only helps a select group of insiders in the monopoly crime syndicate.
We're going to be getting into that. We have Dr. Corey Gold coming on. He's a talk show
host, one on two of our affiliates out in California, KSCO and one other. And he actually
lives in the area of Big Bear and he's actually been going there and talking to other witnesses
and people.
And he's going to be able to give us a report on that coming up in about one hour. Joseph
Farah of World Net Daily, WND.com will be joining us because, let me tell you, when
he got on air before the election, instead of Obama gets in total hammer down, they will
confiscate the guns.
They will start a civil war. They will try to arrest us. I was like, okay, Joe. Yeah,
that is a possibility. Sure, it's going that direction, but I'm still thinking he was being
a little apocalyptic. He is dead on and he's in DC. He's got his ear right to the ground.
He knows what is afoot. So Joseph Farah will be joining us to talk about what's going on
in Bonkerville, Cuckoo, Cocoa Puffville, crazy land that the United States is becoming.
But it's not just here. All over the world, Western governments are just disconnected
and getting more and more decadent and thinking everybody's believing their propaganda. Now,
I'm going to get to this later in the hour.
But obviously, you've seen the FBI on TV saying, they don't mean burn it down when they say
burn that house down. But burn that house down. Burn down that cabin. Burn it down.
Get the gas, bring it in. Okay, set the burners. Okay, the fire is set. Okay, it's on fire.
I mean, now I've got like five clips, different clips of them talking about burn that house
down. And the news is like burn that house down does not mean burn that house down.
And it's just entering a whole new zone of they're so undisciplined. If you're gonna
burn the guy up cuz he's already killed four people and injured two others and just killed
a sheriff's deputy and you don't want him to get out alive, you don't want to have more
people die getting in there.
In the past, they burned the guy up, that's standard procedure. But the sheep-like public's
not supposed to know that at Waco and everywhere else, Gordon Call case, so many others, they
burn you up. They don't go in when you're in there. They burn you up. This is the tactics.
And I guess as they try to confiscate guns more and more nationwide, I've got that big
stack of news. We're just gonna see houses burned up and he burned himself up or we don't
know why it burned up.
And you can even have the cops in the future pouring the gasoline on the house. In the
case of Randy Weaver, it was caught on film, it's on YouTube. Just type in chopper tries
to burn out Randy Weaver. It has the big bladder, that's what they call it, a big bucket with
another rope going up that they just pull and it releases gasoline on the top of your
house.
Then they fire a flare into it. You got guys hanging out the helicopter with a flare and
they've got the bladder and they're gonna burn his house down with the little kids inside
of it. You're gonna stand up to us? We shot your kid in the back and then shot your wife
in the head.
And now you're hiding out inside, so we're gonna shoot you cuz we're such men. Lon Horiuchi,
the ATF sniper, yes. And because the news didn't follow orders to pull out, they got
it on tape and they couldn't burn him out.
But this is getting crazy now in this country where you could have them burning it down,
lighting the match, doing it. You see them with the match and the gasoline, but that
is not what that looks like. Now, well, okay, these are not the droids we're looking for.
Move along, move along.
This is what we're talking about, and we're gonna be getting into all of that. Also, CNN
panel says Dorner's alleged murder spree is exciting, like Denzel Washington movie. And
I've seen this on infoawards.com, on prisonplanet.com, there's a minority of people in there.
On YouTube, it's about half the people are like, how dare you, you establishment shill,
you are scum, you have sold out, kill pigs and more pigs. Kill, kill, kill, let's burn
them out. Let's kill them, kill their families, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill. It's all
over Facebook, all over Twitter, CBS News reported on it three days ago like, it's kind
of reasonable.
The police are corrupt and they're racist, so let's kill them. And it just adds to the
twilight zone. You've got the cops shooting innocent people in cars that don't even match
the description and arrogant and delusional and disconnected from reality. And then you've
got people that think the sense of justice against this haywire system is let's kill
cops' families.
That's a really good idea, beyond even what the immoral police are doing. I mean, this
is a country that is demon possessed. And see, folks are always like, well, which side
do you take? Are you for this government or that government, this religion or that religion,
this sect or that sect? Look, more often than not, it's that it's all bad. And it's different
variants of it. The reason the police are dangerous is more and more they're militarized,
more and more they're paranoid, more and more they're arrogant, and more and more they're
trained.
When they wanna search your car and you go, well, Fourth Amendment officer, what's your
probable cause? Get out of here, you extremist, I've heard of that. That if you're a real
American sensible, know what the country's founded on, know your rights, you're the enemy.
And the system is maneuvering us into a confrontation with the police that is designed to cause
a civil war in this country, that they're gonna try to trigger ahead of the economic
collapse.
So they don't get blamed for the economic collapse, of course, they know they've already
engineered to consolidate power. See, I heard a talk show last night on 90.1 as I was driving
home about 10 at night from work. And the talk show was from Australia. It's a pretty
good show, I've heard it before, but it's aired local. And I heard him going, I disagree
with Alex Jones. The martial law will be because of an economic collapse, not a civil war caused
by gun confiscation.
Let me explain something to you again, okay? These are complex issues, but they're also
simple at the same time. They want to trigger a civil war as a political distraction from
the foreign robber barons destroying the economy to consolidate it and to break the public
and make us poor as a political tool. It's in the 112 point IMF plan leaked to the BBC
in March of 2002 that I printed a transcript of.
And the articles in my book, Descent into Tyranny, that's available to read as an ebook
at prisonplanet.tv and is online. And that we wrote another article on Monday about banks
want global rioting for global civil war and civil war in the US. The next issue of the
magazine coming out is going to cover this. It's more than one thing can go on, it's like
in science, part of a theory can be right from one area, part of another theory can
be correct and then unify those fields.
The system wants a civil war, they're gonna call terrorism. The feds against the terrorists
who are the states, libertarians, constitutionalist, conservatives, veterans, Christians, gun owners,
born again Christians, official Homeland Security documents. Remember Janet Reno on 60 minutes
in 1995 said, pull the clip up, we've played it before.
Christians who believe in the second coming of Christ are cults, are cult members and
are the greatest threat. Now where are Christians who believe in the second coming of Christ
doing anything? They're the most law abiding, goody two shoes, neurotically good people
out there, on record, everybody knows that.
But we're the terrorists, ladies and gentlemen, we're the people. We're the people who work
17 hours a day, we're the people that go to church, we're the people that pay all the
fake taxes and bow down to the system. And we're the terror, no, no, what we are is the
milk cow, the slave out in the barn, who they don't want getting uppity and who they want
to be able to absolutely feed off of to the 10th power.
So we've got that news, and we've got all the drone news, and we've got just absolutely
insane stuff going on that we're gonna be breaking down here today. But when we come
back, the top stories of the day, all up at infowars.com. And I'm taking this Gateway
Pundit article from drudgereport.com.
And the Before It's News article about Erie County, New York sheriff says he won't confiscate
guns, and protesters vowed to disobey New York gun law. We're gonna play that video
and audio of them in the Capitol really getting in their face. This is very exciting. They're
refusing to turn in their guns. Washington State bill will outlaw almost all gun owners
make them criminals.
In Missouri, it says, part three of the bill, and this is what they say they have the votes
to pass right now. Surrender the assault weapon or large capacity magazine to the appropriate
law enforcement agency for destruction, subject to any specific agency regulations. And it
just says, this gives them a blank check law where the agency, the state police of Missouri
decide what an assault weapon is.
It's that blank check bill like the Obama healthcare bill just says, we can do anything
we want. Death panels, raise any taxes you want. They're now talking about new taxes
when you go to the doctor, a fee at the doctor in Obamacare. My dad's involved in the medical
field, involved in management, and he was showing me the bills to line up with the feds.
Like I meant to cover it last week. It's happening all over the country. The states are lining
up with the feds to get fees on every doctor or dentist visit that goes, get this, to pay
government employee pension funds.
I mean, when you go to the doctor, you will pay a fee on top of things to pay for giant
million dollar retirements. Yeah, I was reading about government employees, just like low
level government people who are quote, security, not even federal law enforcement. Docs and
things are getting $160,000 a year, and it's not even a degreed thing, but people with
degrees are working at the grocery store.
It is crazy. It is crazy. And they are just gonna jack, I saw the federal unions yesterday.
We read the headline, Obama federal pay increase is not enough. Reminded me of the illegal
alien who got the free government paid for a kidney in Chicago last month and said, it
isn't enough. I want all the medication free. Yeah, but Americans don't get anything free
except a SWAT team taking our houses. We don't pay property tax.
Your freedoms are on the line. The second amendment is in danger. How soon before your
freedoms are taken away, what can you not live without? What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns? Is it your home? No, it's food. It all boils down to the food supply.
Tyrannical governments control people by controlling their food supply. Don't be dependent. Be
self-sufficient. Don't wait for the government to feed you, feed yourself. I can warn you,
but I can't feed you. Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from eFoods Direct.
It's the best long-term, storable food on the planet. Get the popular Mega Patriot Pack
free, a 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot and fuel. Call 800-409-5633 or go
to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot Packs free with purchase.
Build your food supply, be in control, be self-sufficient and be a patriot. Call 800-409-5633
or eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get your free Patriot Pack today.
Is your immune system under siege? Allergies and crippling immune diseases are on the rise.
Vaccines, radiation and GMOs lead the charge against your health. Fortunately, health-conscious
consumers are enlisting the help of RNA drops. RNA drops turn on the signals and switches
in virtually every cell of your body to activate what science calls your junk DNA. RNA drops
provide you with the ammunition you need to win the war on disease, pain, depression and
decline. Hear hours of testimonials from people just like you at RNAFreeSample.com. That's
RNAFreeSample.com and order a free one-month supply of RNA drops. Pay only shipping and
handling at RNAFreeSample.com or call toll-free 888-577-3703. That's 888-577-3703 or visit
RNAFreeSample.com. Stop the pain from broken, chipped and damaged
nails and eliminate toenail fungus with a revolutionary new nail hardener, Nails of
Steel. Just apply one drop of Nails of Steel over natural or polished nails and go. With
Nails of Steel, there's virtually no drying time and it's guaranteed. Try this all natural,
antifungal and herbal formula for women and men. Call 816-896-8307 or get free shipping
at NailsOfSteel.com. NailsOfSteel.com. It's like a salon in a bottle.
We the people grow cotton, weave fabric, engrave ink, embed strips and fibers to protect from
counterfeit and carting to a private bank, having it lead back at interest, forcing taxes
to service debt. This capitalism or was Jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing
the public currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than a standing
army. Hi, Ted Anderson. I'm placing a silver dollar in a book explains our monetary system.
Call for your copy. 800-686-2237. It's time to understand the system. Call 800-686-2237.
That's 800-686-2237. Is this the year you finally get serious about
your family's drinking water? If so, keep listening for a special offer from Big Berkey
Water Filters. Did you know that over 60% of municipal water is fluoridated? Berkey
Water Filters distinguish themselves from many other filtration systems with the capability
to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine, fluoride, arsenic and disinfection byproducts
from municipal water via the Black Berkey and PF line of filters. Then there's affordability.
It only 1.7 cents per gallon. Berkey Water Filters purify treated and untreated water,
even stagnant pond water. Stop and think how much money you could save by simply reducing
buying bottled water and using water filtered by your Berkey Water Filter. No need to be
constantly replacing expensive filters with a Berkey. A single set of filters can last
for five to ten years. Choose the best size Berkey for your needs at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
And right now, all GCN listeners get 5% off all ceramic filter systems. Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY.
That's 877-99-BER-KEY or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com. Free shipping on every order over $50. Big
Berkey Water Filters, for the love of clean water.
We don't want your guns. Nobody wants to confiscate them. We've just got bills introduced
in all 50 states to confiscate them, have the Democratic Party leadership at every state
promoting them. And we just banned most of your semi-autos and your magazines above ten
rounds and police are pulling over veterans and people with no criminal records in New
York and taking them to jail and charging them with five felonies. Oh, you got five
magazines above ten round?
That's five felonies. And the government's saying good, good gun owners. We got video
that's coming up at the State House at their little Bloomberg run program. He's the guy
that set it all up, put his money into it. The Safe Streets Act and the Mayors Against
Violence, they're in Albany. This video's coming up in audio for radio listeners. It's
powerful audio.
And the folks that shot it put Rolling Stones to it so people will say, don't play music
under it, we wanna hear it. It's the only video we got, so I'm gonna play it. And the
government, if you listen to him carefully, he's like, good. They're like, we're not turning
our guns.
And the government's like, we're coming then, cuz it's the government owners. They see those
people, they know their law about it, they know they're good, and they're not. And they're
like, our food is saying it's not gonna be our slave anymore. Our property, our slaves
are saying that they're not gonna turn firearms in. See, they already see you as slaves.
That's the arrogance of government. They've said the message is government be arrogant,
be in their face, flaunt things, lie to them publicly, doesn't matter how arrogant it is.
They are a foreign military power. The globalists have taken America over. The hundreds and
hundreds of sheriffs that have stepped up and said, this is unconstitutional from New
York to Kentucky, from Texas, to Alabama, to Florida, to California, to Michigan, to
Washington state.
The hundreds, it's over 200 now. They're just simply being loyal to the republic. They're
not collaborators with the globalists, and those aren't words. Guys, will you print me
the history of French collaborators, the Vici French? Print me the encyclopedia, please,
on Vici French collaborators.
I mean, I know their definition, but I wanna read it to people so they understand it. This
has been done when the Soviets used to take over. All those, was it 15 or so countries
they ended up taking over with the Soviet Union? They would come in, usually not invade.
They would put their political group in, have them take over.
And then when the public tried to throw them out, they would then roll in Soviet tanks
to back them up. Or the Soviets would start a civil war and claim that some group was
being abused, so they had to invade. That's the tactics you see in the Middle East now,
claiming Libya did something, Syria did something.
So the good guys have to be invade backed by the West. And the good guys, as General
Boykin, former head of Special Forces, has gone public, is Al-Qaeda. General Boykin's
pointing out that our government's funding Al-Qaeda. And I know I've been saying that
for years, but now General Boykin's saying, you see, you either wake up to how much trouble
we're in or we lose everything. And the system is promoting, via Homeland Security, people
that will do what they're told and enjoy lying to positions of power.
And I just wanna tell everybody, this is all up at infowars.com right now. Missouri Democrats
introduced legislation to confiscate firearms, gives gun owners 90 days to turn in weapons.
This is officially posted by the Democratic Party of Missouri. Now again, when you call
and say you don't want this, they're gonna say, doesn't exist. Because you're like, well,
it's a military tactic.
At Waco, when they're ramming the tanks in and setting it on fire, they were broadcasting,
this is not an assault, come out with your hands up. They come out with their hands up
on flare, they shoot them. It's the same thing, we're not taking your guns. Here's Morgan,
I believe in the Second Amendment, even though previously he said he didn't.
I believe you have a right to own guns, properly controlled, locked up at a shooting range.
You can go shoot at a couple times a year. With cops on the range standing over you,
hen packing you the whole time. He believes you have that right. They already took all
the full auto, semi-auto. Now they want the bolt action and the single shot, all guns
taken in Australia.
It's been done everywhere else the exact same way over and over and over again. And they're
in a rush to get this done because they're going to implode everything and they wanna
start a civil war over the gun confiscation. They're gonna keep arresting veterans in these
states where they've banned the guns.
They're gonna keep arresting people for their magazines until people fight back and they're
going to be called terrorists on the news. And they're then going to start trying to
come and arrest patriots and talk show hosting people, hoping folks start fighting them,
giving us no other choice.
So the civil war will be the reason for the total collapse, you see. They wanna blame
internal groups and then the feds will reorganize and declare an emergency and they'll fix things.
Well, man, Obama really took over like Lincoln. You can see the whole scripted deal. But we're
here blowing the whistle on it. We may be able to stop them. We'll be right back with
the gun confiscation plan.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN radio network.
Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine. Hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at mfallwarstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers. The prognosis for the entire planetary
economic system runs from bad to worse. The globalist model is to shut down societies
and starve patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover. That's why we've assembled
the most vital and important preparedness items at infowarsshop.com. These are items
that I did research on that I personally use. You've got the LifeStraw so you can turn fetid
water into safe water anywhere you go. The Ktor Handcrank Generator to charge up key
equipment during power outages or out in the field. Strategic Relocation, third edition
by Joel Skousen. When disaster strikes by Matthew Stein. TheraSafe used by Homeland
Security to protect yourself during any radiological event. Handcrank shortwave AM-FM radios. Everything
that we've researched and found to be the best is available at infowarshop.com and your
purchase makes our info war possible. We're getting prepared. Are you? Infowarsshop.com.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Bend Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Crashing through the lies and disinformation, it's
Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
All right, we have coming up Dr. Corey Gold joining us, the Joseph Farah. Towards the
end of the third hour, I'm gonna play a bunch of clips from the State of the Union. I got
to some of them yesterday, but not all of them. And we've got like 16 clips. I don't
know if I can get to all of them today, but I'll play quite a few of them. Just amazing.
The president saying, look, if you don't do cybersecurity, I'll do an executive order.
And the cybersecurity bill, he couldn't pass. Total open surveillance without warrants,
what they're already doing, they just want it legalized. And tracking of everything and
the government being able to shut everything off and just absolutely the type of stuff
that dictators would love.
And then, if Congress won't bring in carbon taxes and shut down all the industries to
save the earth, of course, I'll just act. And they're just getting everybody used to
things are gonna get bad in America. I just need to be able to act. If I was a dictator,
I could fix all this, but the Republicans won't work with me. Really, you got your Obamacare
passed written by the insurance companies to raise taxes on basically everybody that
gets a paycheck, the payroll taxes, and all the other taxes.
And the economy's shutting down, all the numbers are there. And you're telling us though your
number one thing you want is to get us jobs. I'm gonna get back into the attack on the
Second Amendment. And then I'm gonna open the phones up too, so you can give us your
take on all this and I'll get into Dorner as well.
And just the new blatant lie, when we say burn down, the FBI is saying on CNN. When
we say burn it down or burn that house down, that does not mean that. In fact, they're
not really saying that. And we have five different clips, I'm gonna play three of them, but they're
linked up at infoawars.com and prisonplanet.com.
And if you're a good patriot and then not a conspiracy theorist, they didn't set that
on fire, don't question them. In fact, if you saw police in devil outfits with gasoline
cans, pouring it on there, lighting it on fire in red pajamas, you didn't see that.
Doesn't matter what you see, okay? I mean, Bill Clinton didn't have sex with that woman
Monica Lewinsky, he told the truth. That was all a lie later when it came out that he supposedly
lied.
No, no, no, no, Bill Clinton doesn't lie. There's no insider trading in Congress, even
though they admit there is. There's no UN running giant child kidnapping rings, white
slavery rings. Even though it's all admitted, it's not happening. The government is good,
your pension funds are safe, the dollar is safe, the economy is strong.
We left the recession four years ago, okay? I mean, the government says so. I mean, you
know things are better now than they were four years ago. You know things are great.
And you also know Easter bunnies are real and Santa Claus is real. Here's a little piece
of news. Injection-free vaccination delivered live viruses without a refrigerator. Ray Kurzweil
reports on scientist being funded by Bill Gates who developed a little vaccine system
that's little sugar needles that punch into your skin delivering live virus.
Nothing like that, little specialties. Those are the cancer virus type generally, that's
your favorite. And Bill Gates, he runs programs like this in India and 65,000 kids get polio
and a bunch of them die. It's a minor footnote. I mean, it's no big deal. It's no big deal.
Nothing to worry about, Mr. Gopher. It's not a plastic explosive or anything. All right,
excuse me, I'm quoting Caddyshack. It's just becoming unbelievable.
You know Bill Gates' dad ran Planned Parenthood as a famous eugenicist. He's still alive.
And Bill Gates is a eugenicist. He can pull the clips up saying he wants to reduce the
world population and says vaccines are to do it. But you know what? Never mind all that.
He says he wants to kill you, Prince Philip, Ted Turner, Prince Charles, they all say it.
I've got new articles out where top globalists are saying fight terrorism by reducing population.
Be like Satan saying he was gonna destroy the whole Earth and then bring peace cuz now
there will be peace when everything's dead. I mean, it's just all entering cuckoo land.
Well, it's not entering, it's beyond cuckoo land. Cuckoo land and beyond. Bonkerville,
think I coined that, Bonkersville. And I laugh about it sometimes even though it's so horrific
because it's so ridiculous when you're awake and the general public has this auto response,
this conditioned, learned helplessness, normalcy bias, mass Stockholm syndrome, Overton window,
cowardly crime stop, 1984.
You guys bring me that box of Fruit Lips in there. It's in the shipping department. Because
the guys were saying, look at this, we bought this, I meant to show it. Because now they've
got Orwellian doublethink on it, it says one plus one equals five on the side. And it's
not even a joke, they try to explain how it really does equal that.
It's just like this culture of pretty soon, the freedom will be to say two plus two equals
four. And they're just mopping up freedom of speech, mopping up, putting their control
grids in, hiring lots of military people who, quote, wanna be heroes in the homeland and
really believe they're fighting terrorists everywhere when they work for the terrorist.
Federal government's gone, folks, it's openly run by the globalist. Toll-free number to
join us, 800-259-9231. Ladies and gentlemen, here it is, the Fruit Loops Kellogg's box
that one of the crews saw and said they had to buy it so I could show people.
And it says Kellogg's Fruit Loops, nothing like delicious GMO, all the colored dyes you
need, all the high fructose corn syrup you need, everything your child needs to then
go on a sugar high and then crash and be in a bad mood. And the answer is Ritalin Prozac
and a bunch of other drugs.
But here you go, part of this nutritious breakfast, one plus one equals five. That's right, it
explains it all for your kids, a little math lesson there on this side. And look, you could
be like Toucan Sam as well. And you'd probably grow a tumor that looks like Toucan Sam's
nose if you eat enough high fructose corn syrup.
And the GMO that's in there, certainly those are the rats. I can actually show you rats
that grow these giant toucan pus snouts from the GMO if you think I'm joking. Pull up GMO
rats for people who think I'm joking. Find one that's got the big elephant nose. Hey,
look right here, it's got vitamin D, potassium, protein, fiber, and calcium.
And all the dyes you need and the GMO you need plus the eight ounces of milk equals
one plus one equals five. Of course, they don't tell you the milk's actually giving
you all the nutrients basically. You add the Froot Loops, you will go Froot Loops. Again,
your kid will be a screwed up sugar high person not getting the minerals and vitamins they
need.
And then they'll have behavioral problems and they'll jack them up on drugs and stuff
through the new freedom initiative and then they will be as insane as Toucan Sam. All
right, actually, I'm a conspiracy theorist, GMO is good for you. And they didn't burn
down that cabin and they really did do the bin Laden raid.
It's real, it's real folks, it's all real. No one on the ship saw the body and that's
now confirmed and they fired most people on the ship, set them up so they'd be discredited.
And the Navy SEALs helicopter blew up that day and then the others who were speaking
out their helicopter all blew up and they think someone put a bomb on board. I've talked
to one of the Navy SEALs whose friend died.
But they think Al Qaeda put a bomb on the helicopter and that someone in the Pentagon
works with Al Qaeda and had them all cram onto a helicopter for a fake mission saving
people. Turned out it was all fake and they thought something was going on cuz they never
done an operation like that and the helicopter blew up but the Navy SEALs think Al Qaeda
did it. Yeah, I remember those headlines back from 9-11, top FBI agents think Al Qaeda had
a mole in the Justice Department because Al Qaeda was always one step ahead of them.
Yeah, they got a mole inside, the globalists run the FBI and run the CIA and run Al Qaeda.
You're compartmentalized, you haven't figured that out yet? It's full spectrum dominance.
If you've got this multi trillion global empire op, you've got to have an excuse to invade
so you train and equip the groups that you then go fight. And only the commanders of
Al Qaeda know they're double and triple agents.
They're double agents working for the globalist and then they also are working for their own
people and themselves. Triple agents, mercenary agents, but you don't have a full spectrum
brain because you weren't taught to have one. You were taught to have a one dimensional,
not even a two dimensional, not a three dimensional, certainly not a fourth or fifth dimensional
awareness system. And that is why you are slaves.
And I'm here to tell you folks, you can all break out of it if you learn how to study
this stuff. Okay, I got so much I gotta get to. Let's start getting to these clips. Again,
I'm gonna get more into this with Joseph Farah when he comes on. Missouri introduced his
legislation to make you turn your guns in. Up at infoawards.com and drudgereport.com
also was originally posted the Gateway Pundit article.
I've got an MO boiling it down with a whole list of states doing similar things. Washington,
California, Washington State bill would make almost all gun owners criminals. And California
now, the police run checkpoints. We've probably posted 20 articles last two weeks, where you
drive up on major roads and they go, we're just doing a safety search of the vehicle.
But those who say it like that, it's all right. Violates the Fourth Amendment, Fifth Amendment,
federally funded Tenth Amendment, and people with no criminal records. Remember, you're
the remain target, you're the food.
You're gonna make the good prisoners at the factories prisons. The new prisons are for
the gun owners. And we're like, all right, get out of the vehicle, I'm gonna search it.
The veteran, highly decorated one case, runs a big charity for veterans that hurt. Later
when he's arrested, he's like, well, I run a veterans group, I have no criminal record,
I'm highly decorated.
They're like, buddy, you're who we want in jail, okay? I mean, you understand, you're
the food, you're the enemy, you're done, you've helped build the empire, we're spiking you
like that cannon. They want all the guns spiked in Missouri? You gotta spike them, fill them,
ruin them, go in and show them, so it's worthless, this is on record, or you turn them in.
And the troops, you're a weapon, you're to be spiked. They're gonna take your rights,
they're gonna declare you mentally ill, they're gonna take everything you've got until you
say you're crooks, we don't buy what you do.
You're crooks, we know you're crooks, we know the government is illegitimate. If we don't
start doing that, there's no future, ladies and gentlemen, okay? You've got to get out
of your trance. So we're gonna get more into that. And they illegally search the vehicles
and go, what is this? You got five 30 round mags, well, I didn't even know that law gone
to effect yet.
I gotta turn those in, those are illegal. Don't even say what you do with them, just
they're illegal, all right? Handcuffs, boom, your life's over, five felonies, and that
jury will sit there and salute and go, 20 years in prison, yeah, just yeah. And when
their house gets taken cuz the property taxes, their neighbors will be good, take that house.
Just destroy America, ruin everything, shut the power plants down, raise the taxes, bankrupt
everything. Yeah, raise taxes on the poor and say you didn't, and the poor will beg
you to take all their paychecks.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, more, I mean, it is just over the top. Holy Toledo, I mean, just Calgon,
take me away, I mean, it's just, and I'm the crazy one. I'm just gonna let this speak for
itself. This is a CNN panel, this is up at infowars.com, Dorner's alleged murder spree
exciting like Denzel Washington movie.
And it's a long clip, the guy before that says you can go watch it, Breitbart broke
it. Well, I guess they broke it on CNN, they're proud of it, I don't think they hid it. He's
like, well, there's a lot of corrupt cops, people like this. Yeah, let's tie up people
at cabins for two days, no food or water.
Let's shoot cops, daughters, people are like, yeah, kill their family. I mean, just this
country, folks, the Germans were much more moral, and I've studied it, than we are today
in the 30s, deceived by Hitler and all the rest of it, and didn't even believe there
were death camps everywhere. People thought the Germans were being naive, they were hyper
naive.
Eisenhower didn't believe they were really naive and would make him go look at stuff
and they didn't believe it. There's famous film footage of that, and now I realize, folks,
people are so cowardly, they would cheer, blowing babies brains out 110%. If they thought
it would keep them from having their brains blown out, they don't get the fact that you
stand up to tyranny or you get your brains blown out. You stand up or you become a slave.
They think, literally, greasing the skids for tyranny, begging for it, begging for tyranny,
that the tyranny is gonna be nice to them. You know when freedom fails, the best men
rot in filthy jails and those that cried, appease, appeased, are hung by those they
tried to please.
I mean, this country, and I love America, it's a lot of great people, but it's either
totally demonic or really hardcore getting better and more closer to God than waking
up.
The traffic, the boss, the baby, the dog, that does it. Calgon, take me away.
Lose your cares in the luxury of a Calgon bath. Calgon softens the water to leave skin
feeling silky smooth as it lifts your spirits. The soft, luxurious, fragrant world of Calgon.
I love it. I love the fluoride water in Prozac.
Anyways, getting back to what I was saying. Let me just get back to what I was saying
here. The people that aren't waking up are just getting deeper and deeper into craziness.
Countries go collectively insane. The world is going collectively insane right now. And
we've had such wealth and everything for so long, we've become totally decadent.
Now let's go to the CNN panel. This individual glamorizing, well, let's play the clip. Here
it is.
There's no waste here, though. I mean, this has been an important public conversation
that we've had about police brutality, about police corruption, about state violence. And
they were even talking about making him the first domestic drone target. I mean, this
is serious business here.
I don't think it's been a waste of time at all. And as far as Dorner himself goes, he's
been like a real life superhero to many people. Now don't get me wrong, what he did was awful
killing innocent people is bad. But when you read his manifesto, when you read the message
that he left, he wasn't entirely crazy.
He had a plan and a mission here. And many people aren't rooting for him to kill innocent
people. They're rooting for somebody who was wronged to get a kind of revenge against the
system. It's almost like watching Django Unchained in real life. It's kind of exciting.
Yeah, that's enough. And when there were a whole bunch of machete attacks that I predicted,
they were only a little local things like man killed machete, man hacked up outside
movie theater. It was like six or seven cases, but I was right about machete causing that.
But the media didn't report on it, so I'm wrong. And same thing with Django and all
this stuff.
And it's meant, again, divide and conquer in this country. And it makes me so incredibly
frustrated that we're all being nailed to the wall by the globalists. And they're trying
to play us off against each other, but also making the perception of anything from a liberal
perspective than violence is okay.
Cuz he liked Obama, he was for gun control, so it's okay. By the way, I've analyzed what
this guy did. He didn't have actually that much training and didn't do a very good job.
And they're now admitting that of evading and all the rest of this stuff. By the way,
if anybody with real training ever wanted to kill police, it's pretty easy to do.
You go to the police station and you wait till there's a shift change. And I'm not letting
out any secrets here that real people trained in this type of stuff would not already know,
okay?
I mean, if Dorner wanted to kill 50 cops, there's a way to do it. And again, the point
is that he was a anti-gun buffoon. And I believe from the research, this was a real case, at
least part of it. The way the police acted hysterical, pity partying, shooting innocent
people, it was a PR disaster for them. But they did find IDs on the Mexican border and
up at the house. But they're such congenital liars, you don't know if any of that's true.
So maybe he was an innocent guy. I mean, who knows? Maybe he's like Django, I mean, a hero.
I mean, everybody knows Django kills the, what is it, Japanese police captain's daughter.
I mean, that's heroic. He was racist, obviously. I mean, sarcastic. We'll be right back.
Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
a new Pro One filters a day at mfallwarstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Fall in love with food storage savings this February at beprepared.com. Going on now beprepared.com
saves you over $300 with a premium 1600 one year supply including 126 cans of freeze dried
and dehydrated food or get the new gourmet 14 day food supply with a full 2000 calories
per day with pre-planned menu. Stroganoff and noodles are 20% off with purchase of six
or more. Mountain House pork chops are back in stock at 34% off. Pack your own low moisture
foods with our new do it yourself super pale combo on sale at 22% off. Add to your preparedness
with minor surgery kits at 15% off and wool blended blankets are only $11.89. The February
fall in love with savings sale ends February 28th at beprepared.com. For contents and details
visit beprepared.com or call 800-999-1863. The choice is clear. Be unprepared or beprepared.com.
Social unrest, food shortages, political turmoil, EMPs, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, fires,
riots, flooding, it's not a matter of if but when. What if it happened right now? Would
you have the supplies to survive off the grid? offthegrid.com is the place to go for the
widest selection of survival supplies at rock bottom prices. Head over to offthegrid.com
for survival kits, first aid supplies, dried food, water filters and purifiers, gas masks,
solar and crank radios, solar generators, ammo, knives, stun guns, pepper sprays, hats
and bags, fire starters, a library of books and a whole lot more. Get free same day shipping
on all orders over $75. Enter promo code radio at checkout and receive an additional 5% discount
off our already lowest in the industry prices. offthegrid.com, proud to stand shoulder to
shoulder with you as we protect our Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic.
This is America. America with a K. America, the militarized police state nightmare. 1.6
million bullets in FEMA camps, highway checkpoints, but open borders. We'll die for the system.
Little piece of me, little piece of you. Welcome back, ladies and gentlemen. I know we got
callers and we got a guest coming up, but I haven't even gotten to the sheriff's department
when the sheriff there in the Big Bear area when he says that we didn't usually set the
fire. He like totally looks down. I mean, it's like when your kid like, did you open
the whole package of cookies and eat all 20 of them?
They got cookies all over their face. No, I didn't. They looked down. He looks down.
We did not burn it on purpose. No. And when Bill Clinton didn't have sex with that lady
and Obama loves poor people too. Yeah. Yeah. He's a nice man. Let's go ahead and play the
sheriff last night saying, because he's asked by the mumbling reporter, he can't really
hear it. You know, did you guys initially set the fire? Here it is.
I can tell you that it was not on purpose. We did not intentionally burn down that cabin
to get Mr. Dorner out. The tear gas canisters that we used. First off, we used a presence
when we showed up. Secondly, we used a cold tear gas. Then we used sec. The next tier
gas was that that was pyrotechnic does generate a lot of heat. We had introduced those canisters
into the residents and a fire erupted along with the gasoline. Right. Because I know you're
following special forces tactics.
That's enough from him. That's enough from him. Standard procedure. Dump fuel, fire,
incendiary. If you're in an open military zone, you see is a flamethrower, incinerated
weapons bombs. But if it's public, oh, dump the fuel, then use a burner, then say it's
a fire. Now let's go to some of these clips. I don't have time to play them on, so we'll
get a few of your calls and the guests coming up. But let's go ahead and play just randomly
guys.
You got so many clips. Here's one. All right, again, we apologize for the expletive. That's
get the gas. Burn it down. I don't know. And again, the unbaped version is on info
wars dot com. All right, we're going to go. We're going to go forward with the plan with
the with the burner.
Like we talked about. We have a fire. We were in charge. We're killing him. We're in charge.
That's what it's all about. I'm in charge. I've arrived. I'm a movie star. I'm a I'm
a government guard.
The Ghostbusters say no and die. That's enough. The point is, is that when you hear it without
the beach, it's even clearer. We have to beep it for radio. They're like, burn that mother
bleep her down. Burn it down. What do you make of that?
It could be just bravado talk. I mean, obviously, there's multiple rounds being exchanged at
that particular time. You have an officer down, two officers down at that point. And
stop right there. That's good. I want to play it earlier because the CNN after a day after
we broke it and drugs report pushed it out there, then they were forced to OK.
They're saying burn that mother ever down. They play it and they have the original clear
footage because what we have a shot of a television by a listener and they play it. It's very
clear. Well, that's just bravado saying burn that house down. But others say it doesn't
mean burn the house down.
This is GCN, the Genesis Communications Radio Network.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system
and you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection when you're sleeping
or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out simply safe. It's a new
do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to get simply safe
dot com. Simply safe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power. So even
if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable. So you can use it
in your home business boat trailer storage unit or shed. Get simply safe calm. Simply
safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes. So there's no
need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take
the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home, but simply safe will stand
guard protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's get
simply safe calm.
Raging war on corruption. Alex Jones on the GCN radio network. Big brother, mainstream
media, government cover ups. You want answers? Well, so does he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN
radio network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones. All right. I gave the number
out kind of hog the time. We're gonna go to some of your calls now, and I promise we'll
get to your calls. We're holding with Dr. Corey Goldswithers and Joseph Farris was about
40 minutes in the next hour. And then I'm gonna get into some of the state of the union
I didn't get into yesterday. Just it's all surreal right now. It's gotten so crazy. Let's
go to Alex in Illinois has a death panel story. Welcome, Alex. Hey, Alex. Thanks for having
me on the show. First of all, I just wanted to say before I got into my story, it was
May Day, May 1st, 2011 when you woke me up. So thank you very much for that. Awesome.
What I wanted to tell you about today is my mother. I was trying to get her to come on
the show and tell her story, but she is a director of a cardiovascular unit in a hospital
in Illinois. And they brought in a brand new group of doctors that they work with for heart
attack victims and things like that. The new bioethics panel. Yeah, it's the brand new
group of doctors they brought in right after Obamacare got brought in. There's one particular
doctor who's almost causing my mom to lose her job because this guy is coming in and
he let a a a 46 year old homeless guy who came in for heart treatment have a heart attack
for 16 hours through the night because of his social status.
He said, well, this is a 46 year old doctor than a completely different story. No, no,
no. That's Bob. But that's liberal. And see, people don't get that they're getting rid
of all the old doctors, basically telling them leave and the new officers are arriving.
And these are medical officers of the socialist takeover. And they are horrible eugenicist
environmentalists who are here to reduce population and believe in there's only so much. So Bill
Gates says we've got to kill granny to hire 10 teachers and again, he'll end up firing
your mother.
So you either go on the offense against them or they will go on the offense against you.
But no, this is going on everywhere. If they don't politically like you and you have insurance,
they're going to kill you. They are officers now. They are in command and they enjoy the
exercise of power. Go ahead. I'm sorry.
That's the thing. They're loving. We should do what they say. Just like Linda Blair is
in The Exorcist. I'm sorry. Go ahead, Alex. She's got the director of nursing, the director
of quality care, her two direct supervisors backing her and the vice president, not of
the hospital, but the vice president of marketing is threatening to fire her and is backing
this doctor. And I told her, of course, you've got to let somebody have a heart attack and
die.
And of course, it's the homeless kind of day. It'll be you tomorrow. It all started this
way in Germany. Oh, but it's liberal. It's liberal. I'm sorry. Go ahead.
My question to you, Alex, is that she's thinking about pursuing potential legal action. Does
she have a case with-
Well, they'll circle the laggings just like the cops that torched Dornier. It's all about
they're going to lie. They're going to get away with it. And each time they get away
with more, they're going to do more. No, I mean, absolutely. I mean, the fact is they'll
end up getting her because it's a cult and then they'll have their fun at the hospital.
They always do. They take organs at hospitals, kill healthy people for organs. It's all over
the country.
I mean, it's a nightmare. I mean, my dad's a physician and warned me when I got my driver's
license, don't sign your organ donor card. A lot of hospitals will kill you if you come
in even hardly hurt. And then I didn't believe him. And then 60 minutes, like five years
later, did a whole piece on it, mentioning the city where I lived. But you know what?
Killing people for their organs is loving too. Why not just say, why shouldn't your
mother just offer to join the cult and start killing people?
I mean, is your mother an extremist?
No, absolutely not. She is-
She doesn't want to kill people. I mean, that's obviously some kind of fruitcake.
No, this single event is causing her to wake up. And I finally started-
No, no, your mother and you are bad people. Killing people is good.
Well, Alex, I appreciate you allowing me on the show.
No, no, seriously, let me just be serious with you, brother. Look, even if she threatens
them, they don't care. They're used to always winning. They'll probably try to get rid of
her and then blackball her and lie about her.
The best thing is to go on the total offense, talk about everything she saw, what she did,
the truth is the truth, call their bluff, put the whole thing out. And it's a bioethics
death panel at that hospital. Either that or they're going to totally take over and
start killing all of us.
Your freedoms are on the line. The Second Amendment is in danger. How soon before your
freedoms are taken away? What can you not live without? What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns? Is it your home? No, it's food. It all boils down to the food supply.
The radical governments control people by controlling their food supply. Don't be dependent.
Be self-sufficient. Don't wait for the government to feed you. Feed yourself. I can warn you,
but I can't feed you.
Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from eFoods Direct. It's the best long-term
storable food on the planet. Get the popular Mega Patriot Pack free. A 24-day supply of
food plus stove, cook pot and fuel. Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get
up to 20 Mega Patriot Packs free with purchase. Build your food supply. Be in control. Be
self-sufficient and be a patriot. Call 800-409-5633 or eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get your
free Patriot Pack today.
Alex Jones here with a very important announcement for Truth Seekers. We've carried a lot of
amazing films and books over the years on the online video bookstore at Infowars.com.
And out of all the titles we've carried, one stands out because it is just so chillingly
convincing. And that's Dreams from My Real Father by Joel Gilbert, available at Infowars.com.
This film exposes the fraud that Obama is like nothing I've seen. If you want to know
who Obama's real daddy is, this is the film for you. Don't forget, your purchase supports
our broadcast and our growing media network. You'll also find it at Infowarshop.com. None
dare call a conspiracy by Gary Allen, the book that woke me up. We're also carrying
Behind the Green Mask, UN Agenda 21 by Rosa Corey. This book is coffin nails to the globalist
takeover. The Greater Good, the most professional and up-to-date film I've ever seen, exposing
the scourge that is vaccines. These titles and a lot more are all available at Infowarshop.com.
Introducing Pro One, all of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new Aquamedics advanced media for removal of fluoride
and other heavy metals, all in one filter element. It is the only one that does it.
And out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at Infowarshop.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
All right, here are some of the latest headlines up at Infowars.com. Dorner Drones and the
NDAA Secret Arrest Program. Kurt Nemo, Medals for Killing Women and Children. Majority of
Americans support drone strikes. And some numbers I've seen show half the public supporting
Dorner. They just love death and killing and to be slaves. New surveillance system tracks
every moving object in the entire city. Gotta track the slaves. FBI mouthpiece suggests
police were not yelling, burn it, burn it down.
But then other police say, well, they just meant that cuz they were angry. Even though
we have six, now what is it, six different clips of them saying burn him, kill him, burn
him down, burn that house down. Burn that house down does not mean that. You understand
these are not the droids you're looking for? Move along. Also, it says expert combat terrorism
with highly drastic population control.
And the Pentagon actually has a paper out agreeing humans are terror. The establishment
needs everything you've got to save you, of course. Police ludicrously claim Dorner cabin
fire was not intentional, full report there. Kill anyone you want, law has been abandoned
in America. Mike Adams calls that satire, it's a great article, but it's not really
satire.
I mean, yeah, you can't cuz you're a lowly slave. Obama wants to secretly kill, put our
troops under you in. Congress wants to insider trade. They wanna burn down Dorner and then
lie and say they didn't. They wanna shoot innocent people in vehicles that don't even
match his description. That's fine. Government is king, government is God, government is
everything.
The founding fathers are bad. FEMA actually teaches it. In my film Road to Tyranny, I
have footage of them teaching police the founding fathers are evil. I have footage of squad
card checkpoints where they find a pocket constitution of one of my listeners and arrest
her and start hyperventilating like they had found just Satan himself in her trunk.
I've gotta play that clip again sometime. This is the bizaroid weirdness that is going
on. This is the over the top cuckoo land world we've entered. Now, Dr. Corey Gold joins us.
We're gonna get to your calls in the second half of this hour all over the map. He can
talk about it, fake outbreaks.
Piers Morgan and Dorner, big supporter of him, Moron Dorner, media manipulation. He's
a syndicated talk show host. He out of KSC, one of our great affiliates there in California.
We're also on that station at Sister Station. And then Joseph Farah joins us a little bit
in the next hour for about 30 minutes or so to talk about the total tyranny we're seeing.
But he lives right down the hill from where all this happened. He's got a lot of contacts
in the media there. So I called him and asked him to do as much research as he could on
this and to give us a report on what's happening and what is going on in the area.
So I'm gonna give you the floor for the balance of this segment, all the few points to throw
in. But to break down your take on what's happening, your take on the public, many of
them praising him, large numbers. CNN host praising him, CNN panel members, and the police
acting like crazy people as well.
I mean, this is out of control. And what you really think went on here, Dr. Corey Gold,
again, received his doctorate in dental surgery from the University of California, San Francisco
in 88. Prior to that, he received a bachelor's degree in biology. He's one of the biggest
vitamin mineral developers, the most successful in the country, product developers, with a
minor in chemistry from California State University, Fullerton, and received a bachelor's degree
in dental sciences from the University of California, San Francisco.
And he has a bunch of other medical degrees as well. I won't get into all those, but he's
one of the major formulators of things like the products that he has, like Polymer Plus
available, I should add, at Infowars.com or InfowarsHealth.com, but that's a side issue
today.
Dr. Gold, give us your report. You're there in the area, you live there. You're a syndicated
talk show host out of California. You've got the sources, what is going on?
Well, I'm sad to say that I was only about five miles away from the first killing of
the Cal State Fullerton coach that was the daughter of one of the police gentlemen involved
in this whole problem. And I've had a bird's eye view. I know most of the people here in
the media. And if you listen to talk radio here in Southern California, in Southern California
leans as far left as you can possibly lean. They were screaming up and down for gun control.
They were screaming up and down for drones in the air to protect us from people like
Christopher Dorner. They were screaming for the military to be brought in. There's one
guy, there's one guy who's in a population of 30 million people and they were crying
for the military to be brought onto the streets to keep us safe. It was insane over here.
And the amount of police activity in Southern California was just intense. People were,
they were almost like purposely keeping you, the average population nervous on purpose.
They just send squads of cars like almost seemingly in every direction and they were
stopping the freeways. It was almost like the entire city was being kept on hyper alert,
like we're being invaded by Japan or China or something. And there was one guy, of course,
he was a dangerous, crazy person loose somewhere. And what was interesting was, and I, you know,
I saw the fire from where we live and we were watching it on TV as well. And it was happening
right literally minutes before Barack Obama walked on to do the state of the union address.
It was almost like the opening act for the state of the union. It was like, it could
not have been time better. There is this crazy ex veteran, Christopher Dorner, who's killing
people, running around as a menace. And then all of a sudden you have President Obama walk
on to the, to the floor of the house of representatives talking about gun control and the use of drones.
I mean, he didn't say drones in his state of the union, but we all know that he's for
drones. He's expect, we all say that Bush is bad. I mean, Obama has expanded the use
of drones. Like Bush was a, a piker in the use of drones.
Dr. Gold, I got to stop you. You just convinced me this may be staged, even though the M O
he's an Obama supporter. He's an anti gun guy. It makes the cops look bad, but the way
it was all perfectly scripted because no one watches the state of the union anymore. It's
a big joke. No one watches CNN, MSNBC, perfectly scripted where that happened right up to where
Obama was on.
So everyone would watch him. Wow. That again, it's the scripting. That's always the sign.
What's your gut on this? You know, I think Dorner was a loose screw.
Do I think he was manipulated? I don't know. The timing on it was, you couldn't have a
Hollywood production that was timed any better than literally the cabin on fire. The villain
burned to death, you know, going out, killing cops on his way out. As the president of United
States walks on, they're telling us that he can keep us safe by putting drones in the
air, by taking more of your tax dollar, by growing the government, by having more foreign
wars.
And of course, taking your guns. I mean, it was almost like, you know, like you couldn't
have a Spielberg script any better.
I'm just speechless right now. What about the police shooting up innocent people that
didn't even match the description and now saying they didn't burn him out?
Well about that, I think they kept the average police person such on edge. They thought every
person in every pickup truck might have been Christopher Dorner. I don't know if those
people did it on purpose. My guess is they were just so frightened that they started
shooting because it's put into their head that, you know, the evil axis that had landed
in Southern California. What he's talking about is that there were two women delivering
newspapers and the police shot at them multiple times thinking they might be Christopher Dorner
and they were just two women delivering newspapers in the morning and they really shot up their
vehicle pretty bad. I don't know if that was connected or not or just, you know, police
that were scared of what was happening.
No, no, they did. And then there was other cases as well of this mass insanity. What
do you think about the fire?
My personal opinion is they burned the place down. It's not the first time we've seen the
US government use those tactics. And it won't be the last time we've seen the US government
use those tactics.
Now, we talked to you yesterday. You said you were talking to locals, talking to others.
What other tidbits do you have on this?
Well, you know, one thing it is, is that the media out here has made Christopher Dorner
a celebrity. And there were people rooting for Christopher Dorner because he was fighting
back against evil police, almost once again, pitting civilians against the police, trying
to create that divide.
You can't trust anybody. Blacks against white, whites against Japanese, police against, you
know, the average citizen, us against Russia, you know, the divide and conquer type of mentality.
And people were saying that the police deserved it. It was like almost like a game show going
on. It was like a reality show playing out in Southern California. And some people were
sad to see it end because it was kind of like a suspenseful game.
What is your take on Obama and all the legislation introduced to actually physically ban guns
and make you turn them in in places like Missouri, in places like California is moving towards
that legislation, Washington State? I mean, this is going to cause a confrontation.
Well, yes, I think that if President Obama had his way and could get away with it, they
would confiscate all the weapons in the United States of America. That's what I think. I
think he's taking a stepwise approach because he knows he can't do that. So he's getting
what he can.
Is Obama worse than you thought he'd be? No, I actually did think this is what Barack
Obama's administration would be like when he ran. And it's coming through to fruition
and it's scary. It's scary. And what's worse is I don't know where we go next after Obama.
Where's America going to turn three and a half years from now? That's just a scary thought.
Did you see his State of the Union where he said over and over again, if Congress won't
act, I'll just do it? I mean, whoa.
Right. Yeah. Why do we need Congress for? In fact, we could save their salaries according
to Barack Obama. We don't even need them. We could just do a cost cutting save right
there. Hey, if you don't want to do what I want you to do, I'll just do it anyway. So
you might as well go ahead. But if you don't, I'll just go ahead by fiat. I'll do some executive
order. I'll just do it through my legislative power that I have.
Yeah, they'll say it's a conspiracy theory that mothers ever breastfed, that water didn't
have fluoride in it, and that you don't water your plants with Bronco, and that there was
ever even a Congress. And I'm not even joking. They're getting to that point now where they
just ball face lie to us on purpose to get us used to it.
Well, no one trusts the government. I mean, look at the statistics right now of people
who actually trust the US government who are US citizens. It's very low.
Well, they're extremists. They're bad people. They should worship the government. We come
back. I want to ask you about Dorner and people that are praising him. I mean, it's just it's
a lot of people. People people I've run into are mad at me that I that I don't want to
go kill people's daughters and things. It's just beyond bizarre. We'll be right back.
Your freedoms are on the line. The Second Amendment is in danger. How soon before your
freedoms are taken away? What can you not live without? What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns? Is it your home? No, it's food. It all boils down to the food supply.
Tyrannical governments control people by controlling their food supply. Don't be dependent. Be self
sufficient. Don't wait for the government to feed you. Feed yourself. I can warn you,
but I can't feed you. Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from e Foods Direct.
It's the best long term storable food on the planet. Get the popular Mega Patriot pack
free a 24 day supply of food plus stove, cook pot and fuel. Call 800-409-5633 or go to efoodsdirect.com
slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot packs free with purchase. Build your food supply,
be in control, be self sufficient and be a patriot. Call 800-409-5633 or efoodsdirect.com
slash Alex and get your free Patriot pack today. In an emergency situation, would you
drink contaminated water? You could if you had the amazing life straw from mypatriotsupply.com.
LifeStraw is the most advanced personal water filter available today. It filters contaminated
water from almost any source. LifeStraw is lightweight and compact, perfect for hiking,
camping or in an emergency like a flood. LifeStraw is easy to clean, comes with a one year warranty
and has been used worldwide since 2005. Get the amazing LifeStraw personal water filter
at mypatriotsupply.com. Plus check out Survival Seed Vault, 20 seed varieties for only $37.95,
Tatler canning lids, long term storable foods as low as $69.95 and much more at mypatriotsupply.com.
Enjoy stress free shipping on all orders over $49. Call 866-229-0927 or visit mypatriotsupply.com.
That's 866-229-0927, mypatriotsupply.com for emergency preparedness, self-reliance and food independence.
Now there's an amazing new natural antibiotic every person must have. It's Cells Alive Silver
Solution and it destroys over 650 hard to kill viruses, fungus, bacteria and much more.
Cells Alive Silver Solution has no expiration date, is great for emergency kits and storage
shelters and comes in 8 or 16 ounce bottles. Order today at 888-310-4367 or visit hempusa.org.
Hempusa.org, 100% chemical free super foods and unique health products.
Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered why banks, stock workers, investment advisors
won't talk about gold IRAs? They've been available since 1986 yet the financial industry won't
recognize the value of gold for your retirement. Gold is outperformed paper investments yet
no word about IRAs. If you would like to have gold for your retirement, call 800-686-2237.
Don't get left behind by rising inflation and low returns, call 800-686-2237. Secure
your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
Hello, this is Ty Bollinger, author of the bestselling book Cancer Step Outside the Box.
I want you to know some very important information. In 1985, President Ronald Reagan requested
that Carnivora be sent directly to the White House at a time when only the President could
obtain this world-class healer. Now, 27 years later, Carnivora capsules are used around
the world to keep people healthy. Now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in
this age of superbugs with 17 naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal
cells only without harming a single normal cell. If you want to stay healthy, now's your
chance to literally wake up your critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders that
don't belong in your body. Call 1-866-VENUSFLY or order from Carnivora.com. That's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A.com.
That's 1-866-836-8735, 1-866-VENUSFLY or visit Carnivora.com. Protect your immune system.
It's the only one you've got.
Day after day, alone on a hill. A man with a foolish grin. A man with a foolish grin
is keeping perfectly still. Nobody wants to listen to him. He thinks Bill Clinton's a
person. Ladies and gentlemen, Alex Jones here back live. Your calls are coming up. And I've
got to air this while Dr. Gold's on with us. I'll do it in the next segment. New York State
resistance, I mean all the big gun groups, the citizens, they're having rallies every
couple days. They're going into the committee rooms saying, look, you're not getting our
guns. And the government's bowing up but then getting scared. I mean, the government is
a bunch of crooks that see us as their food. And they've already gotten us an incredible
debt that's not our debt, most of it, and they want to clamp down. History follows this
exact pattern. We're going to talk about that coming up with Dr. Gold as well. But I asked
you yesterday when we talked to you, well, I told through my producer that, hey, let's
just not get him on about the Dorner thing. I want to get into some of the news you've
been covering in medical and health stuff. And you sent me a whole stack of stories about
the proliferation of school lunches not being allowed first in Chicago, where the mafia
don runs things, now proliferating all over the country.
Where all this is going, the craziness, the drugging of the kids, we're going to get into
some of that medical news here in a moment. But briefly in this short segment, what do
you think about, really, because I saw it grassroots, it's real, huge support for Dorner,
such hatred of the corrupt establishment that people would cheer on killing cops' family.
I mean, that's even beyond what the corrupt police are doing. And it really shows this
country's ready to blow in my view, your take on that.
Yeah, you have to question anybody who gets any type of enjoyment or support somebody
who kills somebody's daughter as a revenge. Somebody who would do that, I don't know where
the mindset is. Here's a nice girl, she's a coach at Cal State Fullerton basketball
team. Her father happens to be a police officer. And they murder her. And there's a large segment
of the population that says, that will show him. And I can't even understand that group
of people. And yet there was a group of people, and you could look on Facebook and Twitter,
you could even listen on the media calling in, which were kind of rooting for him as
the vigilante, like he was somehow representing them by-
Oh yeah, I've been, I've never gotten this much heat probably on any issue. And it shocks
me, because I usually see stuff coming a mile away, that I'm some type of bootlicking, cop-loving,
I mean, a piece of garbage here. I don't like what the police are being turned into. I don't
like where this country's going. But the lowest of the low target people's families. I mean,
that's an old rule, don't mess with people's families. If you got a problem, come to me.
Don't go after somebody's family.
Yeah, and a number of radio stations, even the biggest radio station here in Southern
California, there was a debate, or whether or not it was a racial issue going on here,
because they were describing Christopher Dorner as a 270 pound African American person, and
showing his picture. And there was a large number of people here in Southern California
said, this is racial, this is racial profiling, this is stereotypical.
Yeah, you can't even say the description of someone. So I guess it's kind of political
correctness that they pulled over the white guy, little skinny white guy, let him go,
then rammed his car and shot him up. Maybe that's good. Maybe to show we're not racist,
we should have maybe 10,000 white people a day killed in California.
Well, and what's interesting is, is he was out there saying, this is me, I'm Christopher
Dorner, I have my 20 page manifesto, here's the reason I'm taking these actions, and his
mind. And yet when you say, this is the person who says he's doing it, this is the person
we have on videotape. There are people out here calling radio shows saying that was a
racist activity, just reporting who he was, and he admits who he is.
Meanwhile, a CNN panel member was talking about how this is great, like Django.
Right, Django won't change.
I mean, the system, like you said, is trying to create division at every level, and I just
hope people wake up to this and say no to it.
And one of the reasons I think he was so lionized is who did he support? He supported gun control,
although he was killing people with guns. I love how when people are shooting people
with guns and they're telling you take guns away from you. Second thing is he was supporting
Piers Morgan, he was supporting the crazies of the crazies on the media.
So we're now supposed to turn our attention away now that he's gone to those people to
be our saviors, the Piers Morgan to save us all.
Yeah, Piers Morgan, who sat on a show with Bissinger and Huntsman's daughter, they all
agreed I should be killed and they want to kill me. And oh, that's funny, though. Can
you imagine if you or I said kill somebody? I mean, we would be arrested within a day.
There's a huge double standard what's going on when President Bush was in office, there
were literally, the news were telling us every day how many people were dying in Iraq and
in Afghanistan and around the world, and they were demonizing him.
Today, we don't hear that yet we're having deaths of American soldiers all over the place
because it's Obama's war now, so it's good death.
Not a war, a peace action in Libya, Syria, Afghanistan, Iraq and Mali, and that's peace.
Right.
That's peace, carpet bombing areas of Tripoli and other areas. How dare you? That man deserves
more peace prizes. I say every bomb he drops, every drone attack on a family, he should
get another peace prize. I say with inflation, a trillion peace prizes.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN radio network.
It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus can inflict severe
damage in the human body. Fortunately, a new and vastly improved silver solution has been
developed. Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary, broad-spectrum, antibacterial, antiviral,
antifungal solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin. Supernatural
Silver is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers, using a patented technology
that is highly effective against colds, flus, infections, food poisoning and yeast, in addition
to many other pathogens. Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe
and is the number one choice of thousands of people for immune system support. Find
out how Supernatural Silver could change your life. Go to SupernaturalSilver.com and use
the promo code healthy for 20% off. That's SupernaturalSilver.com and like us on Facebook.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal-Ben
Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Simply Safe is completely wireless. Go to GetSimplySafe.com. Simply Safe is independent
and off the grid. It runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down, you are protected.
It's completely customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit or shed. GetSimplySafe.com. Simply Safe is also ridiculously easy to install
yourself in under 20 minutes so there's no need to let a stranger into your home. If
you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't
always at home but Simply Safe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a
day, 7 days a week. Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com.
I have sworn upon the altar of God eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over
the mind of man. Thomas Jefferson. It's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
What do you need a semi-automatic weapon for? The only reason I think you need it is Pierce,
challenge Alex Jones to a boxing match, show up with a semi-automatic that you got legally
and pop them. I'd love to see that. In uniform.
Oh, yeah. She's like, ooh, Pierce, you wear the uniform when you do it. He's like, yeah,
yeah. Can't say how many times I've been in a demonstration or covering an event and my
camera's off and somebody punches me in the arm and grabs my shirt. I turn around, they
look at me, they go, when we take over, you and your family are dead.
I'm like, oh, you're real powerful. Oh, let me guess, you're here with the police. They'll
be the fake liberal activist leaders and the police are there to back them up. Don't even
know why they've been told to back them up, but it's under orders. Trying to get me to
punch them in the nose so they can take me to jail. And then they also set me up and
do stuff like kill Michelle Malkin.
So I get blamed for it behind me going, kill Michelle Malkin, kill Michelle Malkin. I knew
it was a setup, cuz an hour after I left, before it was even on YouTube or on the news,
the Denver Post calls me, that was at the DNC in 08. And they go, Mr. Jones, we heard
you said kill Michelle Malkin. And I went, that was like, I looked at my watch, I go,
that was like an hour ago, an hour ago.
This is a setup. I did not say that. There were guys behind me who weren't with me screaming
it. Can you prove they weren't with you? And I was like, what? Then 10 minutes later, Extra
already had my number. We'd like to drop by and do an interview with you about what you
did. And then they came by. I met them at the apartment we'd rented, cuz the hotels
were all full.
They show up, the guy laughs at me, leaves, they put on the news. Alex claims he didn't
say killer. And I was trying to show the guy the video on our camera. Thank God it got
out. The guy that fills in for Rush Limbaugh came out and said I said it. I'm already digressing.
See, I'm having flashbacks to things that have gone on. The point is, is that they all,
I'm not exaggerating.
I've probably been told by so-called leftists 20 times that they wanna kill me. And it's
a standard deal. See, they fantasize about when they've got the guns and everything you
produce is theirs. They're authoritarians. There isn't left and right when you really
get down to it. There's freedom and there's slavery.
The Nazis were called socialist, but the media calls them fascist. Same thing in the final
equation. It's just different ways you arrange deck chairs on the Titanic. It makes me sick.
I'm so tired of it. I wanna go to Dr. Gold. I got your calls. We're loaded. I got a bunch
of health news. I got Joseph Farah coming up briefly.
We are listeners supported here. And for TV viewers, we'll roll some of this video. We
carry the pro one best gravity fed filter, stainless steel out there. You're gonna find
anywhere with a new pro one system that cuts out the hydrofluorosolic acid, not just the
fluoride.
We've got the new Obama choker tyrant shirt with the come and take it on the back. Best
seller info war store.com. We've got all the other books and videos and strategic relocation
and why the tyrants want your guns. By the way, the local newspaper published a deal
about how my magazine shouldn't be allowed on the streets of Austin. I forgot to get
that article and cover that.
I'm gonna cover that next hour. See, I can't even keep track of this anymore. The point
is these people and they say, and I bet Alex says this just proves that liberals are authoritarians,
but we don't want your magazine on the streets of Austin. We need people to not allow his
magazine on the streets of Austin.
I mean, this is just amazing and they're trying to get them off the streets. People are stealing
them, covering them up, throwing them away. The establishment is because I put 60 plus
thousand on the streets of Austin, 20,000 on the streets of San Antonio. The point is
these people are authoritarian demons and the second of them is there to protect us
from them.
So info war store.com, ladies and gentlemen. And lastly, I love polymer so much. I'm gonna
be honest with you. I approached Dr. Corey Gold. He's not here to infomercial today,
but it is a sponsor and it's awesome. This is the best energy drink out there with the
bee pollen and all the other trace minerals and vitamins and vitamin A, B1, B3, B6, B12
and just huge dosages.
Vitamin D3, a small amount, 75 milligrams of naturally occurring green tea based caffeine
and some other stuff in it. And it only has a tiny amount of sugar in it to make it sweet.
And I can't take regular energy drinks. This stuff is amazing. And he said, well, it's
funny. You say you like polymer so much and would like to endorse it. We're coming out
with one that has extra antioxidants in the New Zealand. What is it? Current blackberry.
I forget. The point is, I like the old fashioned kind with the berry burst flavor.
Polymers is powered by bioavailable superoxide. I'm gonna have him break it all down with
this. Here in just a moment. The point is, is that it's awesome and it's all available
at info wars health dot com.
That's info wars health dot com and your purchase supports the broadcast. You can also sign
up there and get free shipping when you sign up for auto shipping and sign up and be a
distributor and get even bigger discounts as well. And I know you can come on about
this, but Doc, tell us a little bit about polymers plus and some of the other products
you formulated that are available at info wars health dot com.
Well, the best, you know, you've been talking a lot on your show about what's happening
with the medical systems. I got stacks of stacks of things that will go over at some
other point of newspapers admitting that literally a thousand people a week die from medical
errors, not from being really sick and dying in the hospital, but from errors and different
things that are going on in the way our food chain is being degraded.
Look at all. Go to drudge report dot com right now and look at how much they're finding
out that horse meat is all over the food chain right now. But supposedly the government's
protecting you from horse meat, but it's literally everywhere and it's filled with dangerous
horse drugs. It is. And we now know that there's actually pharmaceutical drugs in the water
supply of 26 major cities and probably the rest as well.
So what we're advocating is do things to protect yourself. Go out there and take things that
will, you know, help boost your immune system and give yourself the vitamins and minerals
and essential fatty acids that you need. And one of the products that you talked about
that's available at infowarsteam.com is Polymers Plus. And Polymers Plus is a product that
we talked about for a long time and came out with in like mind here. And the ingredient
you were talking about was called superoxide dismutase. And that's a really very powerful
antioxidant. And I know it sounds scary. Superoxide dismutase sounds like something like, you
know, from a James Bond movie, but it's really something that your body makes itself. Your
body makes three different types of antioxidants to protect yourself. The most important one
that your body makes every single day is superoxide dismutase. And this is a product that contains
a bioavailable form of it so your body can use it. And that's what's important. So when
you have an immune reaction, you need to fight off something. You have those.
Tell us about the berry, why it's so supercharged. What type of berry is that?
It's New Zealand blackcurrant. And that's a very powerful antioxidant source. As certain
fruits and vegetables we know have a lot of antioxidants.
But there is one product better, Froot Loops is more healthy.
Well, Froot Loops, because it has the word fruit in it. So of course, it's got to be
good for you because it has the word fruit in it. But no, Froot Loops is bad.
I'm joking. I'm sorry.
Because somebody's going to listen and go, Dr. Gold says to eat Froot Loops. No, don't
eat Froot Loops. But you know, there's certain foods that have strong antioxidants. Your
body needs antioxidants, especially nowadays. I mean, look at what's coming at us every
time you breathe, every time you drink water, every time you take food. You don't know
what's in it. So your body has to be prepared to deal with it.
And Polymers Plus and the Alex Pack as well, which is a complete daily source of nutrition
from the Omega oils to the calcium magnesium sources to the 90 essential nutrients that
people need for life. All can be found at InfowarsTeam.com.
But what we're doing is we're simply trying to go back to say, we need to eat things that
eat things that make sense. And we need to get our nutrition. That's vitamins, minerals,
essential oils. And you're not getting it in the fast food line. You're not getting
it from the can that you're eating. You're not getting it in the things that the schools
are giving your children.
But the government says that genetically modified organisms are good for me. And they say aspartame
and sodium fluoride is good for me. And they wouldn't lie to me. They never lied to us.
They didn't burn down Dorner's Cabin.
You know, that's one that I got a bone to pick with. I mean, they are there are certain
things that they tell us that we need to do that are so backwards that it makes your mind
blow. And you have to ask yourself, why do they say that? Are they just that naive or
are they that diabolical? I like to think naive, you probably go diabolical, but whatever
reason is, it's bad. And we're not getting the things we need from our diet. Every, every
person intuitively knows that. They know that when they go through the drive through, they
know that when they see the food that looks funny in the store, like why does it have
that great color to that fruit? It's been sitting there six weeks and it still looks
brand new and delicious. Why is that thing have a three year shelf life when it's something
that in real life would go bad in three weeks? All those things are bad for you. And we know
it. We know it. They're cheap foods and we know it.
Well, that's like super size me. All the other hamburger brands under glass rotted. It didn't
ever rot. It's eternal. Oh yeah. I mean, when you, when you look at a Twinkie and it says
this, I'll put it in your, you know, your kit in case there's a earthquake is a last
forever. Nothing. You know, food is degrades over time. And if you put it, if you cut a
good apple up and you stick it outside, you come back an hour, an hour later, it's gray
and there's a reason it's degrading right from, right from that very moment.
It's oxidizing. It's alive. Exactly. And you want living food and you don't want food that's
synthetic and you want to avoid GMOs. I don't want food that's been hybrid with an insect.
You know what? I think you're being an extremist. I saw where they're coming out with insect
viruses engineered into the food to forcibly give us vaccines, but, and that these things
are already in the food chain. I think that's great to have Bill Gates forcing viruses into
me through my food. And I just sure as dad ran Planned Parenthood. Sure. He's a eugenicist.
I think he's a loving person. And would you like to take time out to apologize to the
establishment and come on, you know, you want genetically modified insect viruses in your
food, Dr. Gold, just admit it. It's normal.
I can't even do that because somebody will cut this up and say that I said that, but
I'm so opposed to that. My God, they're saying it's natural to take a beetle and to put it
onto a, uh, to an era corn. And somehow that's nature's way of making things that that's
not nature's way. No, you're an extremist. Stop right now. Yeah, I am extremist. They're
probably waiting outside my door right now, but you know, they're openly having conversations
right now.
You know, it might be in the best interest of the public. We added lithium to the water
because where there's lithium in the water and higher concentrations, people are happier
and people shouldn't have sad emotions and people shouldn't react negatively to bad events
happening to them. And if we just gave everybody lithium in the water supply, people wouldn't
care when you confiscate their guns or when they didn't have food or when they're, you
know, when things weren't going right for them and don't people need to be happy. Isn't
that the ultimate role of government to make sure that everybody's happy. So wouldn't lithium
be good in your water?
Sounds a lot of freedom to me. They're having these discussions in these these councils,
the same councils that said that abortion was loving are now talking about putting lithium
in your water to keep you happy. Well, also, since we last talked now, it's it's starting
in Denver and other cities, not just Chicago, where parents can't pack their kids' lunches.
I think that's totally reasonable. These these parents are there to provide a child to the
state to be raised, to be part of the greater system. And you sent you sent an email. You'd
like to talk about that. I mean, would you like I mean, that is extreme. You think parents
should be able to pack lunches? Whoa, whoa.
Yeah, I get this crazy notion that I'm the parent and the school is there to teach my
children, but I'm the parent. And I know I'm crazy because nowadays there there's two reasons
why the schools, in my opinion, are confiscating school lunches. One is power is that we get
your parents are not your power at your parents. We can control money. You got it. That's number
two. If we can make all the kids eat school lunches, we just get more money from the government
that we can go out to our friends and we can decide where this money goes. More kickbacks
on the horse meat. You got it. So if we decide that all people have to eat government lunches,
that means got bigger government programs, bigger tax increases that we can feed the
children the foods we want them to be fed. And we'll show you who's in charge of your
children. Yeah, the new report is North Carolina school officials. Those are not servants.
They're officials. And we're civilians here in the military occupation. Let's go to some
other news here. What's some of the other medical and health news you've got for us?
There's a big stack of it here. Yeah, one of my favorite ones and it makes me crazy
that no one grabs upon this. There was a and your group has it there. It's a USA Today
article that says between 50,000 and 100,000 people die every single year in the United
States from medical accidents. Okay, these are not people that were sick and died. These
were people who died from medical accidents. That's roughly 1000 a week on the low side.
Could you imagine if three people died from taking a vitamin? If three people die from
taking a vitamin, the government was shut down every vitamin store in America because
three people would die from a vitamin. What about the death panels now where they're confirming?
Well, you know what? You're 65. You don't get that eye surgery now. Even if you have
the insurance, they're going to say we don't authorize it. And now the payroll tax is going
up. The nightmare of the total government takeover, your medical records to the IRS.
I mean, it is all beyond bizarro what we're putting up with. And these idiot Obama supporters
really thought they were going to get something free. Well, I think some people would justify
in their head. Well, if we kill these old people, there'll be more money for us. Therefore,
we can get another a second Obama phone or maybe an Obama iPad or something like that
that we can have now if we get rid of all these people. I bet you there's a certain
group of the population that would say if we increased abortions and got rid of everybody
over age 70, if they were told they would get an extra $5,000 a year benefit, they say
that was a great idea. Oh, no, no, no. They've got a big bioethicist group coming out, as
you know, saying kill babies up to age three if you want. And then now they've got globalist
out saying expert combat terrorism with highly drastic population control. Just get rid of
people and then you won't have any problems. I mean, I mean, this is wild authoritarians.
But as long as they call themselves liberal, we just fall down and do whatever they say.
And the last time we heard this logic train going down the track, it was Adolf Hitler.
And Adolf Hitler was talking about, well, you know, these people are mentally incapable.
Will this kill them? And these people are a drain on society.
It started with bioethics, death panels that first started in 1934 Germany. For those that
don't know, there's many documentaries and books on on record. And they take your kid
and they made bad grades by like 38. It got so bad. First, it was the mentally retarded.
Then it was the deformed. Then it was, you know, if you had a cleft foot and then it
was, oh, we're taking junior for testing. And it would be like, oh, your son died of
a heart attack. They'd given these death receipts.
And they and they justified it, saying at the end of the day, we're just going to have
smart, able, intelligent, physically fit people. We're going to remove from the gene pool everything
that we don't like. And eventually that became everything but a very small subset. And here
we are today saying, you know, the government's taking more and more control, but it's for
your own good. And I can't think of a single program in the United States that was ever
taken over by the government that's better than it was when it was private and the government
did it for more effectively and more cost effectively and more efficiently, nothing.
So I can't see why people would want to turn more power over to the government.
By the way, here's the Austin Chronicle that I've talked to people on the inside do not
like the fact we're putting 60 plus thousand free 60 page color glossy magazines on the
street to wake up the socialist and globalist around here. And I've talked to people who
say that their liberal parents and stuff who aren't liberals are getting very, very upset
about this and are upset that it's so well done.
They actually published a letter to the editor saying, I've noticed the stacks of free copies
of the Alex Jones fear mongering rag info wars have popped up everywhere around town
from Dragon's Lair to Pluckers. Anyhow, but not surprising as Austin is his home turf.
What is surprising is how many storefronts are so readily willing to distribute extremist
literature on the premises. Let's face it, that's all info wars is. And it sure isn't
helping bring the bitter political divide. They want to make us all submit a bridge the
bitter political divide we've all had to deal with.
So we need to submit and there'll be peace. I encourage anyone with a similar mind or
just a working one to offer polite feedback to establishments handing out this derisive
crap. Of course, free speech goes both ways. And if info wars is your bag, well, let me
know and grab your free copies before Obama overturns the First Amendment.
Jay Davis. So he's saying get rid of our free speech, shut us down, burn our books.
But it doesn't exist. We're conspiracy theorists, Dr. Gold.
You are. No, no, I mean, I mean, we are so bad.
I mean, you know, we think they want to take our speech, but they do.
But we're still crazy because we say they do because they have freedom of speech as long.
It's all an agreement. Introducing pro wine. All of your filtration in one system portable
on the go. No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to ninety five percent of hydro
fluorescent acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white
ceramic with new aqua medics, advanced media for removal of fluoride and other
heavy metals, all in one filter element. It is the only one that does it. And out of the gates,
we have a discounted at 10 percent off with promo code water. This is the only system
that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides,
chloramines, ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most
common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your pro pure with a new pro one filter today at info war store dot com or by
calling eight eight eight two five three three one three nine.
Hi there. My name is Frank Bates. What I'm about to tell you in the next 60 seconds could get me in a lot of trouble.
I just created a free video presentation at one two three cover up dot com that
exposes the electricity monopolies and government agencies for what they really are. Incompetent
line crooks that are counting on your ignorance and fear to keep your power bills criminally
high. Some have called this a conspiracy. Others have called it a cover up and you
will be shocked to find out how deep the conspiracy goes. My video at
one two three cover up dot com exposes the truth and shows you the secret of how I beat them
and how you can beat them to watch the controversial video that thousands of other smart
patriots have already seen in the last three months. Go to one two three cover up dot com and discover
one weird trick to slash your power bill and protect your home. Go watch my video
now at one two three cover up dot com before they force me to shut it down.
Again, that's one two three cover up dot com. It's time for a home security quiz.
Answer this. What effective home security device is smaller than a coffee cup fakes out burglars
into thinking someone is home at your house while you're away, plugs into any wall outlet, is
recommended by many police departments and sells for less than thirty five dollars. Yes,
it's fake TV. This year, about one in every 50 U.S. homes will have a break in
with burglars usually picking the easy target, a dark house that looks like no one is
home. Fake TV is a small electronic security device that makes it look like someone is home
watching TV by simulating the light from a real TV. It's like a lamp on a timer, but
far more convincing. And for only thirty four ninety five, fake TV could be the difference between
coming home to a secure house or one that's been ransacked. Go to fake TV dot com
or call one eight seven seven five fake TV. That's eight seven seven five
three two five three eight eight or go to fake TV dot com Fake TV,
the burglar deterrent.
You know, I'm jamming in next hour because Joseph Farah is only joining us for about thirty five minutes.
I need to get to the Obama State of the Union as well. Your calls are just too much to cover here, but
the news is just getting so crazy. The system is trying to create racial division. The CBS
for reporting parents complain about school ad, excluding whites from tutoring program, saying
it's for black students only. And see, that's the political correctness.
But then it's not that they actually want to give black people something extra. They want the state to
fully absorb blacks because that's the group they've been targeting with eugenics from day one.
It's not like, oh, we want to give you some free goodies. No, we want your kids all the time.
I say that's a great idea to be excluded. They want the kids in school year
round and they want them to like eight at night. That's the globalist model where the parents have to
succeed. But this is so perfect now. Hey, that's racist. We want our kids at your school
nonstop. Dr. Gold, your take on that. And then we're going to take some phone calls. You
know, it's interesting. They've created this division where
groups believe that they need extra help. And I and yet on the other hand, they don't want to be called
less than. The reality is, is that every group and every people they work hard will do
well. There's brilliant white people, brilliant black people, brilliant Asian people. And we just got to let those
people do their thing. But we create this horrible culture for that group
that they feel that they need this and they don't. And, you know, I thought it was
interesting how Bill Cosby was demonized, was demonized for saying,
hey, listen to my own group of people, your husband, stay with your wives, be
fathers and kids go to school and put value on education. And
that was considered to be with a turncoat on his own group for saying, you know, we should have
husbands and wives staying together. Parents should be parents and kids should get education. And
he was demonized by the mainstream for that, which makes me crazy.
Punching up info wars dot com for people watching at prison planet dot tv. Missouri Democrats call for gun
confiscation. The legislation has been introduced. The denial is over. And I count six
other states with similar legislation. But then they say, we're not coming for your guns. You've just got to
physically turn them in. Dr. Corey Gold joining us, advisor at info wars health dot com,
syndicated radio host. What do you think is going to happen if they keep pushing this gun confiscation? I mean, it's
clear. I think they want to start a civil war in this country. They're already billing Obama as the next Lincoln.
Yeah. And there's talk now even on talk radio about, you know, should Obama,
you know, he has such a big job to do. Should there be a third term for Barack Obama?
Oh, yeah. Yeah. And if you don't want that, you're racist, too. And maybe we'll get
around it by electing his wife, but let him really be in charge of everything because that would be still
legal. So it's interesting to see where we're headed. You know, now Hillary Clinton's looking
like she wants to make a comeback. So it's the same three or four families seeming to rule everything. Don't forget
Janet Napolitano. Oh, yeah. Janet Napolitano. There'll be a Bush one and Bush two.
Then you have Clinton one and you have Clinton two. Now we might have Obama one and
Obama two. And yet, you know, people don't see. We know Obama has definitely taken a number two on us.
Yeah, you're right. This is his second administration. I'm sorry. But
I mean, it's bigger than that. It's bigger than that because he is just a puppet.
But the way they can use him to create all this division, it is incredible to watch this
unfold. And then he puts up Brennan, you know, for nomination right now who
who was totally in favor of all these drones. And we know that we've had drones kill Americans
on command, not by accident, but on command. The president of the United States ordering
that, you know, our military to fire on Americans. Well, hey, that's what freedom is all about.
We're going to come back to jam in some calls here for Julio. They've also been holding the longest
Steve, Nick, Jason.
And we'll also talk to Rob and others. Jason wants to talk about a drug
commercially heard. Hey, I love the side effects for these prescription drugs. There aren't any side effects for the vitamins
and minerals, folks. You are listening to
GCN. Visit GCN live dot com today.
Your freedoms are on the line.
The Second Amendment is in danger. How soon before your freedoms are taken away? What can you
not live without? What is your greatest dependency? Is it your guns? Is it your home?
No, it's food. It all boils down to the food supply. Tyrannical governments control
people by controlling their food supply. Don't be dependent. Be self-sufficient. Don't wait for the
government to feed you. Feed yourself. I can warn you, but I can't feed you. Do like Alex
has done and get a supply of food from e Foods Direct. It's the best long-term storable food on the
planet. Get the popular Mega Patriot pack free. A 24-day supply of food plus stove,
cook pot and fuel. Call 800-409-5633 or go to
e Foods Direct dot com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot packs free with
purchase. Build your food supply. Be in control. Be self-sufficient and be a patriot.
Call 800-409-5633 or e Foods Direct dot com slash
Alex and get your free Patriot pack today.
Waging war on corruption. Alex Jones on the
GCN Radio Network.
Big brother, mainstream
media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so
does he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
All
right, let's jam in some phone calls and I'll get to the others that are holding too.
I apologize. I'm out of control. Dr. Corey Gold's our guest here today.
Let's talk to Jason in Tennessee and we'll go to Julio and others. Jason, you have a comment for Dr.
Gold. Go ahead. Yeah, Alex. How are you doing today, buddy? Good, my friend. Go ahead.
Good, good. Yeah, I haven't seen it before since a couple of weeks ago. I'm setting to work
and I see a drug commercial come on TV. It was so out of it. I couldn't believe
what I was hearing and I couldn't get the name of the drug or the name of the condition. But they said,
do you ever laugh? Do you ever cry? You could have this condition.
Ask your doctor if this pill is right for you. No, it's like signs that
say, had trouble reading this? You have bad eyesight and it's blurred on purpose.
Like having a heart attack come in to us so we can kill you. And it is this incredible deception.
In fact, they have these psychological diagnostics. You ever get angry? You ever get upset? You ever get happy?
Well, you're mentally ill and need serotonin reuptake inhibitors. Dr. Gold, I mean, these are just cold
blooded companies shoving this down our throats. Well, they want us to believe that
we should have a perfect life with no emotions or the emotions will always be happy. And they have these
commercials that show these happy people doing happy people things, riding jet skis, taking
Corvettes, walking on the beach, you know, living the lifestyle. And they want you to think that if you take their pill,
that's somehow going to be your life. It's foolish to think so and that you could take a pill and that would make
your life perfect. But they brainwash you into thinking that's what you need to do. We know what makes the establishment
happy, stealing and endlessly lying and engaging in an almost satirical level corruption.
Thank you, Jason. Do you ever flip out, Dr. Gold, just at how bizarre
it's getting and that it's getting weirder and weirder? But see, we're the older generation now. The kids are growing
up in this and the globalists say that they go, look, it doesn't matter if you don't buy what we're doing. We're
here. It doesn't matter if it's absurd to you. We got your kids to where the kids get arrested for bubble guns.
Oh, yeah. They actually you have a picture of a gun you can get thrown out of
school, a picture of a gun like something that's out of a magazine. Kids are now being arrested for water guns.
Oh, or expelled from school. Yeah, absolutely. No, no, no. One got arrested for brandishing
a weapon last week. A water gun. Yeah. Well, you know,
where where we go next with it, thinking probably the next thing is thinking about having a water gun is
where you get arrested next. I had a doctor come up to me with a group of doctors saying, why do you do vitamins and
minerals? There's no money in vitamins and minerals. The real money is in treating long term disease.
And I just said, you are evil. Leave me. We are doctors. Our whole idea is to help people
feel better and not be sick. It's not about what will get us the biggest return on our investment of going
to. Well, that's why they got rid of the Hippocratic oath of Hippocrates, what, 15 years ago. Yeah.
Yeah. Which is which was do no harm. Now it's like how do you find a way to make the most money
off of a certain condition? How can you drain the insurance of that individual before
they pass away? It's totally cold blooded. We're caught between the corrupt insurance
companies and the government. We're in deep doo doo, as they say. Anyways, Julio in Illinois are on the air.
A quick couple quick points. Number one, you mentioned GMOs
earlier. It's funny. A couple weeks ago before the inauguration, I'm in D.C.
covering a climate change conference for a documentary I'm doing. And I have a
member of the United Nations. He works out in Africa telling me
how wonderful drought resistant seeds are, how these type of seeds are going to
help feed the world because of drought, because of human impacts, the climate change and how
governments and private corporations like Monsanto are teaming together to help
feed the world. Secondly, I was I was on a conference
call yesterday with the C.F.R. and they're talking about climate change
promoting carbon taxes. And I even asked the question about geoengineering
and this guy from the C.F.R. admitted to me that that is something that they are looking into
to help stop climate change. They're already doing it. They put a big report out a few years ago and admitted they're already
doing it. That's called testing. See, when under U.S. code Title 50, Chapter 32
subsection 1528 paragraph B, they can do lethal testing on you as
long as it's testing. They can kill you. And I think that's reasonable. I think the government's
saying, oh, my God, I think Dr. Corey Gold is an extremist. Don't go to mfallwarshealth.com
Don't get polymers plus whatever you do.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our immunity
and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing
a full selection of silver based products. Our most popular silver based products
are the 32 ounce nano silver solutions, our two ounce nano silver nasal
applicators, as well as our all natural silver soaps. Just released is our
100 percent natural silver gel. Our new silver gel is not based on
synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface. But
rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera
to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more effectively.
Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our
store page to find what silver based products are best for you. That's
www.silverlungs.com. Introducing Pro 1. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95 percent of hydrofluorosolic acid.
Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals.
All in one filter element. It is the only one that does it and out of the gates. We have it discounted at 10 percent off with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine.
Hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro Pure with a new Pro 1 filter today at infowarskstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus can inflict severe damage in the human body. Fortunately, a new and vastly improved silver solution has been developed. Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary broad spectrum antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin.
Supernatural Silver is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers using a patented technology that is highly effective against colds, flus, infections, food poisoning and yeast in addition to many other pathogens.
Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe and is the number one choice of thousands of people for immune system support.
Find out how Supernatural Silver could change your life. Go to SupernaturalSilver.com and use the promo code healthy for 20% off. That's SupernaturalSilver.com and like us on Facebook.
KFL in Los Angeles. Clone Radio. We play the songs that sound more like everyone else than anyone else. Clone.
Hitler took the guns. Stalin took the guns. Mao took the guns. Fidel Castro took the guns. Hugo Chavez took the guns.
1776 will commence again if you try to take our firearms.
The Republic will rise again when you attempt to take our guns.
I have sworn upon the altar of God internal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man.
The answer to 1984 is 1776. You're listening to the Alex Jones Show.
Oh, yeah. The adventure is real, not simulated.
The New World Order is real. The tyrant eugenicist globalist technocrats are real.
But so are you. So am I. And so is Joseph Farah of World Net Daily and the Western Journalism Center.
And he joins us in a moment. And then we're going to break down some of the State of the Union address.
I didn't get to it all yesterday. The open dictatorial slagger that we're now seeing more and more.
I also have several new affiliates I need to talk about and some stations in focus.
But who knows? We'll get to it all. No rest for those that love liberty because the wicked never rest, do they?
No rest for those of us that want to live in reality, not under the delusion of tyranny.
Missouri Democrats introduced legislation to confiscate firearms. The bill is introduced.
Remove the assault weapon in large capacity. Surrender the assault weapon in large capacity magazine to the appropriate law enforcement agency.
And they may have the votes and the civil war will start.
We've got footage I've even gotten to that's up on Infowars.com of the Constitution was basically storming the Capitol,
shouting down the gun grabbers and committees and press conferences, saying you're not getting our guns and not backing off.
And the cops in the Capitol can do nothing. We have the power and you're not getting our guns scum.
I think Piers Morgan behind the scenes, I said, listen, I know you're coming for the guns and thank you for being out in the open about it.
I said, you're a gangster and you're going to fail. I said that to him at the end of the interview.
He said, that's it. I panic. Get out of here. And by the way, I talked to CNN producers two weeks ago when I went down to South Texas where Piers Morgan was at.
They let me in the back door at the big gun shop.
I was in firearms tactical, tactical firearms, and I went in and surprised Morgan. I had to promise to be polite.
That video is online. But the producer, once the cameras were off, were, yes, you're right, it's the highest ratings we ever had.
I want to get you back on, but certain people don't. Well, Morgan told me he didn't want to because I smashed his butt.
And I haven't really been talking about that the last few weeks, but I wanted to ask Joseph Farah.
I don't know what he's going to say. I haven't talked to him yet.
I've talked to him on about all this stuff that's happening, gun confiscation bills in Washington state.
I mean, it is all on. I mean, these people are out of control and folks are like, well, start a civil war.
They want that civil war. They want to brand him as Lincoln. We're all the evil confederates.
That's what they say on the news. The movie's all about Lincoln. This is the plan.
I said it four years ago. I said it was a possibility, but they were fantasizing about it.
You know, not all their utopian fantasy dreams of the utopia for tyrants comes true because free humanity stands up against them.
But Joseph Farah of WorldNetDaily.com, WND.com, no need to go over your bio for our audience of wonderful liberty lovers.
What do you make of best selling author, I should add, what do you make of just the hyper craziness we're seeing?
Or do you not think things are kind of going into an even more bizarro alternate dimension almost?
I mean, where do you think all of this is going right now, Joseph Farah of WorldNetDaily?
Well, you know what I think this is all about? I mean, number one, you've got the, you know, the DHS stockpiling munitions and weapons.
And you've got, you know, all the legislation that's being talked about, the confiscate guns.
And really, I think it's about three things. One is intimidation. It's a trial balloon.
I want to see what kind of resistance there is.
And I thought one of the interesting things, I watched the State of the Union address, Alex, and I watched it on Bing.
You know, Bing was measuring audience response.
People were voting by the billions, by the way, on what they thought at various moments during the speech.
The low point of his speech was when he talked about gun confiscation.
And it wasn't just the Republicans and independents, it was the Democrats.
Way, way down, it was like 75 percent negative overall.
And the Democrats were, you know, negative far below the median line where it jumps from, you know, negative to positive.
I thought that was very encouraging, but I think, you know, intimidation, trial balloon, they want to see what they can get away with.
And the third thing is this is part of a long-term trend, and it's not just Obama.
We can't just blame Obama or the Democrats, because we've been tracking this for years, and you know it, too,
that what we're seeing is the militarization of the federal government domestically.
This has been going on for as long as we've been doing WND, we've been doing stories about this.
I remember in 96, 97, 98, you guys even carried some of the reports that we broke, what was it,
Bresnahan was the writer, about all the Delta Force business.
Exactly, exactly.
But also we're talking about every agency of the federal government has police forces, armed police forces.
Well, here's the deal, it was creepy and unconstitutional 16, 17 years ago.
Now it's on Hyperwarp, and no exaggeration, several hundred times bigger than what it was.
I mean, it is like a cancer racing.
That's exactly right.
And it's because, you know, it's because, look, Obama was very clear about where he stood on this when he ran for election the first time,
and when he ran for election the second time, and he figures he's got nothing to lose, you know, he's termed out.
And so he's going all the way with this.
He wants a domestic security force just as big, just as strong as our military.
That's what he said, nobody knew what he meant, nobody even listened to it really.
But what does that mean?
And I think we can see it now.
You know, he wasn't really talking probably about creating one agency, it's all of the agencies together.
And when you put them all together and you talk about the firepower that they have, it is pretty intimidating and pretty overwhelming.
And it's not what our founders intended.
By the way, is that a new slogan you guys used, the way to counteract 1984 is 1776?
I just love that.
Absolutely, it was a, actually I didn't coin that.
I mean, I popularized it, but there was a economist, in fact he was formerly a top Canadian economist who came out to my Bilderberg protest,
he just died a few years ago, I forget his name.
Aaron knows that we asked him the name of the guy, he's actually in Endgame for a second.
Well we don't care, we'll just steal it from him anyway.
Exactly, but the point is I'll always digress.
He said, Alex, have you ever thought the answer to the tyranny of 1984 is 1776?
And it's a great play on words, you're right.
It's beautiful because in a few words it tells us so much.
The answer to tyranny, we don't need any new answers, we need the answers that emerged really for the first time in world history in 1776,
in the colonies of this great country.
It's what set us apart from every other country in the world, in the history of the world, and that's what we've got to get ourselves back to.
It's so obvious, and the nice thing is I believe more and more people are seeing it,
thanks in large part to your efforts, Alex, and other intrepid, independent media voices out there.
You're right, and it was Jeremy Wright, filmmaker and economist, who I got to spend a few days with there at Boulderburg in 06 and drink a few beers with.
Really nice guy, he coined that.
Okay, now expanding on this, I just don't want to steal stuff posthumously, expanding on this,
how do you think their power grab is going?
Well, you know, I guess it depends on us really how it's going.
If there is not real grassroots resistance emerging, even in the form of civil disobedience and so forth, then they're going to steamroll right over us.
Look, I'm sure you're a shooter, I'm a shooter. I go to the range once or twice a week.
They're rationing ammunition because the federal government is buying it all.
What does that tell you?
I mean, this is crazy, Alex, and I don't think it's because we bought so much ammunition and so many guns during the Christmas season.
I think it's because of these DHS acquisitions and purchases and dozens and dozens of other government agencies.
Oh yeah, every week it's like 21 million more, 50 million more, 10 million more, 300,000 more.
I mean, it's up to 1.7 billion now in the last 15 months.
And that's just DHS.
That's just DHS.
That's just DHS.
We don't have the figures yet for when you add up all the other agencies.
And what you've got here is essentially de facto gun control.
It's de facto because if you don't have ammunition to fire, then what good is your gun?
You know, I talked to somebody who's worked inside Barrett in Tennessee, I'll just leave it at that, the 50-cal,
and they said the government will just buy whatever they make to drive the price up.
And it was 5,000, then 8,000, then 10,000, then 15,000.
I mean, you just won't be able to get it because the government will buy whatever they've got as a de facto ban.
And whose money are they using to do that?
Our money.
Well, not really.
They're just borrowing it.
But in reality, it is our money.
And that's a tragic irony here and something we're going to have to figure out.
How do we stop that?
I agree with you that it's up to us how this goes.
I don't think it's going well for them, but they don't care.
They're just committed and they've got some fantasy that he's going to be Abraham Lincoln and defeat everybody.
These people are really like Hitler turning east into Russia.
I think they're about to have their Waterloo.
I was very encouraged by the response from the audience watching the State of the Union on that big thing.
That was the absolute low point of his speech.
By the way, the whole speech was bad and got negative response from almost almost all Democrats.
Absolutely.
Stay there. Joseph Farah is our guest.
I'm Alex Jones.
Stay with us.
As we move to the next level, we need your help to spread the word like never before.
They wish to hide themselves during this tectonic battle between the forces of freedom and darkness.
You are the response to the globalist technocrats and their program of global eugenics, dehumanization and ultimate extermination.
The war is here.
It's an info war. The spirit of 1776 versus the mindset of 1984.
Supernatural silver is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silver.
Using a patented technology that is highly effective against colds, flus infections, food poisoning and yeast.
In addition to many other pathogens, supernatural silver is scientifically supported,
extremely safe and is the number one choice of thousands of people for immune system support.
Find out how supernatural silver could change your life.
Go to supernatural silver dot com and use the promo code healthy for 20 percent off.
That's supernatural silver dot com and like us on Facebook nagging constipation, hemorrhoids or painful bowel movements.
Have you considered your toilet posture?
The colon needs proper alignment for faster, more effective elimination.
And that's exactly what you'll get with a squatty potty, not a cleanse or a pill.
The squatty potty is a healthy step in the right direction, is doctor recommended and starts at just thirty four ninety five.
Call eight five five six two eight one zero nine nine or go to squatty potty dot com spelled S Q U A T T Y potty dot com.
Squatty potty healthy colon.
Happy life. Hi, this is Ted Anderson.
Have you ever wondered why banks, stockbrokers, investment advisors won't talk about gold IRAs?
They've been available since 1986.
Yet the financial industry won't recognize the value of gold for your retirement.
Gold is outperform paper investments.
Yet no word about IRAs.
If you would like to have gold for your retirement, call eight hundred six eight six two two three seven.
Don't get left behind by rising inflation and low returns.
Call eight hundred six eight six two two three seven.
Secure your future and call one eight hundred six eight six two two three seven.
We all know that Berkey water purification systems are the most trusted name in water filtration.
As an authorized Berkey dealer for over six years and serving thousands of satisfied customers.
The Berkey guy offers amazing specials for Berkey water filtration systems.
The Berkey light systems include a set of self sterilizing and re cleanable black purification elements that purify water.
By removing chlorine, pathogenic bacteria, cysts and parasites to non detectable levels and remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides and pesticides.
Order the Berkey light system today, complete with two black Berkey elements for only two hundred and thirty one dollars.
And the Berkey guy will ship your order free of charge.
With the purchase of a Berkey light, the Berkey guy is also offering a set of fluoride and arsenic filters for only thirty nine ninety nine.
That's over 30 percent off the retail price.
Call the Berkey guy at one eight seven seven eight eight six three six five three.
That's one eight seven seven eight eight six three six five three or order online at go Berkey dot com.
That's go Berkey dot com today.
Ladies and gentlemen, this hour of broadcast is brought to you by the Squatty Potty, our new sponsor.
All right. Joseph Farrah is our guest. I heard that network. Adam is laughing really hard. I'm sorry.
I just want. What are they not going to think of next?
I mean, you know, I found myself laughing a lot more.
Joseph Farrah of Roland Daily, because things are getting so crazy.
What did you think of the whole Dorner situation?
And then the police on now six different feeds saying, burn it down, burn the house down.
And they're telling us that's not what that meant. It was reminding me of Waco.
What kind of a diversion was that? What exactly can you translate?
Burn it down. I don't get that exactly. This is a really peculiar thing.
And one of the other things that struck me about the Dorner thing I wrote about this.
You know, in his manifesto, he wrote about some people he really admired.
And I noted that not one of those people, which includes both Barack and Michelle Obama,
Piers Morgan, your buddy, Charlie Sheen and others.
Out of all of the people he talked about who he liked, only Charlie Sheen actually tried to, you know, help the guy.
Stop the guy. Talk him down.
Now, you know, if there were a serial killer out there who said, I admire Alex Jones and Joseph Farrah,
I think we'd be pretty quick out of the box to say, you know what, I want to distance myself from that.
And, you know, here's a guy who-
And what you're doing is wrong. Why didn't any of these 30 people or so come out and say, hey, buddy, don't do this?
And can you imagine the reaction if it were that way? This guy loves the gun grabbers.
And Obama.
You know, but imagine if he admired Alex Jones and Joseph Farrah. What would be the media reaction to that?
Well, what type of screwball thing is it that the citizens shouldn't have guns, but he's running around reportedly shooting people?
It just shows-
None of this makes any sense. Let me ask you a question. Do you believe that Barack Obama, let's just use Obama as the personification of gun grabbing.
But, you know, let's think of him as the guy who represents the gun grabbing community out there.
Do you really believe that Barack Obama believes that if you disarm the citizenry, that you're going to have less crime?
No, it's all about authoritarian control.
That's exactly right. It's about fomenting chaos and rebellion so that tyranny will, you know, succeed, arise. It's what all tyrants do.
Do you agree that they want some type of civil war to paint conservatives, libertarians as terrorists?
I think they want something very close to that.
Yeah.
And look, we're hearing calls, you know, everyone recognizes that the most dangerous place in the world right now, perhaps, is Chicago.
You know, there are more people being killed in Chicago than in Afghanistan. So, what is the solution to that?
People like Jesse Jackson and others are saying, well, DHS ought to go in there and solve this problem.
What does that mean? This is exactly what they want. They want the federal government to answer the problem.
So they create the problem and then they provide the solution, which is federal control over everyone.
Yeah, they're trying to push people into a corner, staged up if they have to, and then basically have this big clash of civilizations against old Americans with the new socialist America.
Let me briefly ask you, because I really want your opinion on this.
What was your view of what happened with Piers Morgan?
Give me your honest answer.
You and Piers?
Yeah.
Well, you kicked his butt.
Well, thank you.
Ted Nugent, and if he's not going to have you back on again, you know what you should do? You should probably suggest to him, you know, listen, I know you're afraid to have me back on again.
I know this guy, Farah, he's a pushover.
Have him on now that the debate got control.
No, he's probably afraid to have you on. No, that's the issue.
No, they told me behind the scenes, I ran into him two weeks ago in Houston.
His producers told me, oh, we had the highest ratings ever.
Think, in two years of him, a flop, highest ratings ever, kept his ratings up for a week, but they're scared to have me back on.
She said, we want you back on, but certain people don't.
He told me, he said, I don't want to give you more attention.
Like, he gives me attention.
No, when I go on there, he gets attention.
Well, the problem on this issue is, see, there is no intellectual, rational argument for gun control.
I mean, what are you going to say?
Are you going to say that it will reduce crime?
All the statistical work has been done on this.
The historical evidence is in.
The verdict is in.
I mean, it's just the opposite.
And I believe Obama knows that.
I believe, you know, maybe Piers Morgan doesn't know that.
Maybe he's too stupid to understand that.
But the people who are shaping this policy right now in this country, they know that.
And it's really about fomenting chaos and civil strife.
Absolutely.
Let's come back and take a few calls for Joseph Farah and myself and the other side, and he's got to leave us.
I'm going to break down some of the State of the Union.
We have a clip of that coming up after the break.
Stay with us.
The Empire on the March, the Empire's on the Run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Your freedoms are on the line.
The Second Amendment is in danger.
How soon before your freedoms are taken away?
What can you not live without?
What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns?
Is it your home?
No, it's food.
It all boils down to the food supply.
Political governments control people by controlling their food supply.
Don't be dependent.
Be self-sufficient.
Don't wait for the government to feed you.
Feed yourself.
I can warn you, but I can't feed you.
Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from eFoods Direct.
It's the best long-term, storable food on the planet.
Get the popular Mega Patriot Pack free.
A 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot, and fuel.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex
and get up to 20 Mega Patriot Packs free with purchase.
Build your food supply, be in control, be self-sufficient, and be a patriot.
Call 800-409-5633 or eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex
and get your free Patriot Pack today.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system,
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out Simply Safe.
It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to GetSimplySafe.com.
Simply Safe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit, or shed.
GetSimplySafe.com.
Simply Safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes,
so there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but Simply Safe will stand guard,
protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com.
It is the only one that does it, and out of the gates,
we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code WATER.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides,
herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosilicic acid,
the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands,
and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro Pure with the new Pro 1 filters today at Infowarsstore.com
or by calling 888-253-3139.
The Alex Jones Show.
Some people say a man is made out of mud.
A poor man's made out of muscle and blood.
I've got a clip of Obama I want to play and then take a few of your calls.
Joseph Farah's got to leave us then, and I'll get into the State of the Union in more calls.
Really just an unbelievable State of the Union.
It's so amazing that I don't even have words to describe it,
but more and more I do think mainline conservatives are finally getting that the establishment,
the big banks, the powers that be, they want a tyranny.
They don't want a free market system.
So I am hearing more and more of the big shows on radio admit that,
okay, the government wants to destroy jobs, wants us dependent,
and people are really getting that's not just a throwaway line,
Joseph Farah of WorldNetDaily.
This is really happening.
So I do see the public really getting the fact that, you know,
your low-level government folks and corporate people aren't bad,
but up at the top it is a bunch of gangsters,
and I just don't see them getting away with it.
I want to play this clip, but what do you make of him saying,
if they don't accept his green takeover,
the shutting down of the power plants, all the rest of it,
that he'll just act alone.
I mean, isn't it time for Congress to move on so many fronts with articles of impeachment?
Why is John Boehner sitting there just, you know,
listening to that stoically,
and the answer is that John Boehner and Barack Obama have a lot more in common
than separates them.
That's the problem.
They're both establishment guys.
They both recognize that they are on the side of the multinational corporation.
By the way, there was one line in the speech, Alex,
which I don't know if you caught.
It went by very quickly.
I didn't catch it the first time.
Obama mentioned the pushing for the Trans-Pacific Trade Agreement.
No, no, I did, and these new global job zones work.
I've got to tell you, this is something that has to be stopped
because this is the way that world government comes about,
and every one of these so-called free trade agreements is anything but free trade.
Every one of them has been a disaster.
Oh, they're one-sided deals where only insiders can operate,
as you and Dr. Corsi have really been at the head.
WorldNetDaily has been at the very head of shooting down
so many of these power grabs at the Napa superhighways,
but it doesn't matter.
They just come back again.
That's right.
It's the exact opposite of what our policy should be.
Our policy should be, you know, the way the government used to raise money,
through tariffs.
We have foreigners pay our government bills,
and it keeps the government bills under control that way,
not direct taxation through the people,
not borrowing money endlessly from banks and from foreign countries.
Let them pay to get into your marketplace,
and the other countries can do it as well.
Well, plus, we can't compete with Al Gore running factories,
literally, that have suicide nets around them.
Exactly.
And they work 18 hours a day, and it's not even helping the Chinese.
It's like we're lowering down to their standard.
I'll put an image up for TV viewers.
I don't usually get into comedy, folks,
but I'm doing it more and more or I'm going to go insane.
So I've just got to have fun with this.
I'm not going to be angry like I've always been,
at least all the time, because my health, I can't do it.
What is Boner, his real name, what is John Boner,
what is he doing with like a flying saucered lazy Susan
with salt and pepper shakers and drinks and things?
I mean, I've never seen him where it looks like he's eating a steak or something.
He has like some kind of weird high-tech,
you know, like you'd see in a diner or something in the middle of the table.
Did you notice that?
What the hell?
I wish I could see the TV.
I'm not watching it right now.
Well, just go look at the State of the Union,
and then hiding in plain view, it's like, you know,
they've got a rim up there, so they can have their glasses down below,
but they always set them up on top,
and then Boehner is sitting there with some giant silver thing,
it looks like, with like salt and pepper shakers in it.
I don't know, it's just weird.
Everything's getting weirder by the minute.
Unbelievable.
Well, the real contrast in that speech,
and I wish everyone could have watched it the way I did,
which was on Bing, where you saw the public's reaction
versus the reaction from inside the House and Senate,
including both Republicans and Democrats,
there was an awful lot of applauding going on by Republicans in there,
and yet you look at the reaction of the American people,
and it was just the opposite.
They're wondering, what is all this applause about?
We don't like the direction of the country right now,
and they're applauding not just a continuation on this road,
but an acceleration on this path to destruction.
But they're just going to keep telling us the recession ended four years ago.
Everything is wonderful.
We've never been at war with Eurasia.
The stock market is up.
Big Brother loves you, which it's up,
because it's got deflated, devalued dollars,
and now they're admitting he's doubled the debt in the last four years.
They're devaluing the dollar.
I guess that's what they're getting the bullets ready for,
is I guess they think when everything collapses,
which is more and more looks like it's going to happen,
they just think a 1.7 billion bullets is going to,
what is that going to do?
I can tell you how many off-the-record yet substantive sources
have told me just that.
I wish I could quote the people who were telling me,
but you know how that is.
As a journalist, you can't do it.
But over and over again, that's what I'm hearing from military people,
from intelligence experts, that they are expecting a total collapse,
and that's what this armament by the federal government is all about.
That's what the gun confiscation is all about.
They want to be able to control it all, which to us means, of course, tyranny.
And of course, they engineered the whole thing,
and we're the ones pointing out that it was all leading to this,
Ron Paul and others, but still, we're going to be the bad guys,
even though we said, hey, this is being done on purpose.
They're steering us towards an iceberg.
Let's play this really chilling clip.
He said this several times on cybersecurity, you name it,
where if we don't basically go along,
well, I mean, you saw the clips where he said on cybersecurity
and other issues that he'll just do what he wants.
I mean, again, here's that clip.
I'm sorry.
Go ahead, Joe.
No, I was going to say, do you think he's going to be protecting your website
and my website from cybersecurity attacks?
I think his protection is going to be very selective.
And let's face it, the federal government is no good at any of this anyway.
They can't even protect the Defense Department's own computers.
So now they're going to protect corporations' infrastructure?
It makes no sense.
Do we have that clip ready?
Is it time now?
Can we play it?
No, no, I want to go to that clip.
Here we go.
Now, the good news is we can make meaningful progress on this issue
while driving strong economic growth.
I urge this Congress to get together,
pursue a bipartisan market-based solution to climate change,
like the one John McCain and Joe Lieberman worked on together a few years ago.
But if Congress won't act soon to protect future generations, I will.
I will direct my Cabinet to come up with executive actions
we can take now and in the future to reduce pollution,
prepare our communities for the consequences of climate change,
and speed the transition to more sustainable sources of energy.
That's enough.
Now, the good news is we can make meaningful progress on this issue
while driving strong economic growth.
Another low point in the public reaction during that speech
was when he hit the climate change soundbite.
People don't believe this.
They know it's a hoax, and they reacted.
I'm talking about Democrats as well as Republicans and independents.
They just voted negative, negative, negative,
and his ratings during that whole part of the speech
plummeted to the bottom of the pile.
That and gun control.
Those are two very, very unpopular themes, yet they keep on pushing them.
Now, I think it's the same old thing,
because what is this climate change thing all about?
It's about only the government can take care of this, right?
The government is personally going to have an imaginary problem.
This one they didn't even create.
They just invented it, and the answer, of course,
is basically taking all the control of the means of production
and everything out of the hands of ordinary people
and putting it in the hands of the bureaucracy.
Joseph Farah of Roll Net Daily is our guest.
I'm going to let him go ahead and get back to the work he's got to do.
We'll take a few calls and play some more clips from State of the Union coming up.
Bringing jobs home means global centers for high-tech jobs,
15 zones in the U.S., which they'll exempt from taxes and regulations,
but only insiders get to be part of it.
I mean, this is just the ultimate form of discrimination.
Isn't that what globalism is, is picking winners and losers?
So they want us to obsess on black and white or this group, that group,
northern, southerner, westerner, while really it's about globalists
who write the rules and then exempt themselves from it?
I mean, it's so obvious.
It's so obvious that they want to divide us at home and unite us around the world.
You know, it's a total contradiction no matter how you look at it.
But that's the path we're on,
and it's up to the people to start to get it and start to resist.
But, I mean, there's so many scandals in closing.
We've got Fast and Furious, you've got Solyndra,
you've got the military being told that they're under the control of NATO.
In the U.N., you've got the government funding Al-Qaeda now
and even General Boykin coming out against it.
All this stuff going on, the purges at CENTCOM, purges everywhere.
I mean, historically, it's got all the signs of teetering on the edge,
but the Republicans don't want to push it over the edge
because they're bought and paid for by the same gangsters.
Let's not forget the targeted assassinations of American citizens.
It starts with a guy who's obviously not popular with anybody in the American public,
a guy who's got some unseemly connections.
So you whack him and you get away with it.
Well, the next thing you know, you can take out Alex Jones or somebody like us.
The president is there.
Do you think the Chris Kyle sniper getting killed that way,
in all the different stories, a little suspicious,
it's just really weird that that guy would get killed?
Well, yeah.
I mean, they had him surrounded.
It's kind of reminiscent of, well, it might be a bit of a stretch,
but Waco, Ruby Ridge back in the day,
if government has all this force on its side,
why does it have to resort to killing all the time?
Why is that always the solution?
Why not be able to take this guy alive?
You're talking about Chris Dorner.
It's just amazing.
All right, well, we'll talk to you again soon.
Joseph Farah, thanks for spending time with us.
All right, God bless.
There he goes, powerful interview with Joseph Farah.
I want to jam in some phone calls now.
We've got a bunch of clips here from the State of the Union.
Bringing jobs home means global centers for high tech jobs,
15 zones in the US, and it just goes on and on.
If the Congress doesn't pass green tyranny, then he'll do it.
We already covered that.
Let's cut our energy in half in the next 20 years.
That's a quote.
I mean, let's cut our energy.
China can have all at once.
India can have all at once.
Mexico can have all at once.
We've got all these third world countries,
but your energy's gonna be way more expensive.
I mean, that will shut us down.
I mean, it's a simple two plus two equals four.
Transatlantic Euro Trade Partnership,
that's Bilderberg, New World Order, UN.
Protect the children, gun violence, this time is different.
Overwhelming amount of Americans are coming together
isn't actually what's true.
The story about Sandy Hook victims who sang for Obama
a week before, repeats the deserve a vote many times.
I mean, it just goes on and on,
but we're gonna get to that in a moment.
Let's talk to Steve in Illinois.
Steve, thanks for holding.
You're a trooper.
You're on the air.
Welcome.
Well, I don't mind it because I remember
before you had an Infowars site.
I've been following you that long.
The thing is is that it's Morgental.
He needs to change his tune from God Save the Queen
to Yankee Doodle Dandy.
We're not under British mandate,
and he's not gonna enact any coercion acts
or dangerous association acts
or Bloody Trafalgar Square
or Welsh Tony Pandy, Scottish Highland Clearances.
I'm not gonna go through everything.
But the point is, General Colin Pollups,
he's inciting and agitating these Negroes
by saying there's a black bane,
what was it, dark bane of racism in the Republic?
I remember you.
You have been calling for about 15 years or 16 years.
You always call in and talk about black people, right?
You've been listening like 16 years, haven't you?
Yes, I've been listening, well, yeah, a few years.
Yeah, several years.
Yeah, you haven't gotten into the show in a couple years.
Well, that might be true.
But the thing is-
No, but I mean, the issue is it's not black, white, though.
They're trying to organize that and get that stirred up.
I mean, halfway I remember your phone calls.
Go ahead and finish your point.
No, no, no.
Same thing with Jesse James Jackson Jr.
He's the guy who's pleading insanity now
to avoid federal prison
because he was insane at the time of the crimes
he hasn't been charged with, but he's going to be.
But they have attacked the whites and-
How many Pollups does Colin Powell have?
Pardon?
In his colon.
Colin Powell, how many Pollups does he have?
He needs a Squatty Potty, our new sponsor.
Sir, let me ask you a question.
Do you have a Squatty Potty?
I don't want to check his stool specimen.
That's enough.
Folks, I'm sorry I've been screwing around
and joking more and more on air.
It's just I've reached a point.
Get it off the screen.
Get it off.
Earlier I hear this ad on the network.
I'm like, what is that?
And then it turns into this big debate.
Chris is like, it's actually quite healthy.
It's hilarious.
And invariably the camping stories begin.
Look, the whole point here is this place is out of control.
We have uploaded my visit to the biggest grocery store,
excuse me, biggest gas station in the world.
And it's an important piece and Piers Morgan appears
and it is up at Infowars.com right now.
See folks, the problem is you've heard Kevin Booth before
who produced Bill Hicks say that I'm very funny in private.
And I'm not saying I'm actually that funny.
He thinks I'm funny.
And Joe Rogan thinks I'm funny in private
and has said I'm very funny.
What's happening is I'm actually acting
like I really do in real life here
and this needs to stop right now.
I just have kind of turned into like Daffy Duck or something.
What's going on, dude?
You're standing there like it's an important message.
Is it a message from Klandathu?
Is it important?
It's for after the show.
You like shooting the firearms yesterday, Joe?
You won't get to shoot firearms much anymore
if they have their way, but they don't want our guns.
All right, enough of that.
Nick in Pennsylvania, you're on the air, sir.
Go ahead.
Alex, first I wanted to say on this Valentine's Day,
God bless you and your whole staff and all your guests.
Thank you, sir.
And also, it's a pleasure to talk to you.
It's a pleasure to talk to you, my friend.
Thank you.
And I just wanted to say that,
are you familiar with Gregor Mandel?
You know, that kind of rings a bell.
How do you...
McGregor Mandel?
Yeah, Gregor Mandel.
No, tell me about it.
Okay.
Gregor Mandel was the pioneer research scientist
that crossed pea plants and helped figure out DNA structure
and that sort of thing.
Oh, yes, I am aware of him.
That's why it rung a bell.
Yes, I remember reading about him.
Okay.
Well, I myself am a pioneer research scientist
and I'm kind of like Gregor Mandel.
And see, as far as the GMOs, this should not be going on.
You don't mess around with DNA.
And this, they don't realize the problems
they're creating.
Oh, you know what?
I think they do.
I've had their top scientists on.
They admit they can change one thing,
but then it randomly changes a bunch of other stuff
and it's extremely dangerous.
Absolutely.
It is dangerous.
And see, this is some of the things that mainstream media won't talk to you.
And by the way, I thank you so much, Alex,
for letting me talk to here an independent scientist
that's against this evil science that they're doing.
And one of the things that they're doing with this genetically modified stuff
is they're telling, well, by doing this,
we can spray less pesticides on the crops.
And you know what?
That is true.
However, what they're not telling people is by doing what they're doing,
the plant itself produces toxins that kill those pests.
I read a Washington Post headline about farmers not creating enough safe zones
for insects just a few months ago
because they have to plant crops just for the insects to eat
that aren't GMO with the BT because it grows its own poison
so the bugs can't eat it, but then we're supposed to eat it
and then wonder why all these disorders are happening.
You're absolutely right.
And that's what's so crazy.
That's why everything has just become so insane.
And when you're informed, you can't believe how nuts it's already gotten
and you know it's just going to get crazier and crazier and crazier.
And look, the elite know what they're doing.
They've got underground seed vaults and bunkers and they're all dug in
and they have their own non-GMO greenhouses
and from the communist Chinese to the British royalty to the American elite.
I've done whole pieces on that where they all are obsessed on non-GMO,
all obsessed on pure water, rare earth minerals, I mean, all of it.
They know what to do.
I mean, this is a plan, sir.
And see, so many scientists and doctors I have on, they go,
I can't believe they know this.
No, they're just stupid.
I'm here to tell you, brother, they know exactly what they're doing.
They are madmen.
And when they release some horrible bioweapon,
bi-action or whatever, they're not going to be able to put out a fake press release
saying this didn't happen.
The bioweapon isn't killing you.
We didn't burn up Dorner.
I didn't have sex with that woman.
I'm a Nobel Peace Prize winner.
This attack on Libya is not a war.
Their baloney isn't going to work anymore.
And my goal is for everybody to have a happier life,
freer, more reality, live longer, have a great family.
I don't care what color, religion.
I don't think I have to lose something for you to gain.
I know we can build the pie.
I know we have unlimited potential.
And I'm just so sick of it.
And they're beating the racism drum
and doing horrible things to white people now
to try to get white people to hate other quote groups of other people.
And it's the same thing back and forth.
And it's desperate divide and conquer.
While the real discrimination is the mega banks
exempting themselves from all the taxes they put on us
to destroy us financially
and transferring our money to themselves in corporate welfare.
That is the big sin.
I'm going to go to Rob and Bob and Frank and Randy
here in just a moment.
But right now, let's start playing some of these clips.
Here's clip one.
Bringing jobs home means global centers for high-tech jobs,
15 zones in the U.S.
They don't tell you the same stuff that wrecked Jamaica, you name it.
These are zones where no one else can operate.
And the zones are exempt from taxes and regulations.
Jamaica was a great place till they did this.
It's happened everywhere.
I mean, this is the globalist plan.
It's not like this is my opinion.
But he's acting like, hey, things are bad.
Obamacare will give you free care.
Raises your taxes on poor people.
I promise, no taxes on poor people.
That's why it raises it on you.
I promise, this is a real good deal for you.
You're having trouble swimming?
Here, let me chop your legs off.
I don't care about you.
I really do.
Here is that clip from the state of the destruction of America.
Here it is.
So tonight, I'm announcing the launch of three more of these manufacturing hubs,
where businesses will partner with the Department of Defense and Energy
to turn regions left behind by globalization into global centers of high-tech jobs.
And I ask this Congress to help create a network of 15 of these hubs
and guarantee that the next revolution in manufacturing is made right here in America.
Okay, the next revolution.
See, take your liberty, take your jobs, offer you more tyranny.
Another step down as the solution.
Let's go to clip three.
Let's cut our energy in half in the next 20 years.
Oh, man, yeah, that's a really good idea.
Let's go to that clip.
I'm also issuing a new goal for America.
Let's cut in half the energy wasted by our homes and businesses over the next 20 years.
He doesn't mean cut wasted.
He means he's going to increase the prices and cut off your power, period,
except for government districts.
Look at that pinhead holder.
We'll work with the states to do it.
Those states with the best ideas to create jobs and lower energy bills
by constructing more efficient buildings will receive federal support to help make it happen.
That means if you're insiders, you get all the free cash.
If you're not?
America's energy sector is just one part of an aging infrastructure badly in need of repairs.
Yeah, it's aging, so you won't let us build anything new.
Look at the sullenness of Obama.
He really loves lying to you and conning you and the fact that you're so willing to be conned.
How do people like $22,000 a year get your payroll tax raised?
He promised he wasn't going to raise your taxes,
promised he wasn't going to come for your guns either, but it doesn't matter, suckers.
You're like, what, is Romney good?
No, the whole thing was rigged.
I don't like the fighter in the Don King fight that took the dive any more than I like the fake winner.
Got it?
The whole thing's a load of malarkey.
Let's go to comprehensive immigration reform, total legalization,
and the Republicans are running the hoax that, well, the mandate's there,
and then the illegals will be legalized and we'll vote to take our guns.
But that's okay, because who needs them?
The government's going to protect us.
Here's that clip.
Our economy is stronger when we harness the talents and ingenuity of striving, hopeful immigrants.
And right now, leaders from the business, labor, law enforcement, faith communities,
they all agree that the time has come to pass comprehensive immigration reform.
The bandwagon.
How's the time to do it?
And he goes on, it's a long clip, I won't have time to play it.
The time has come to take your guns, but he doesn't want your guns,
even though we have all the bills introduced at the states and already passed in New York,
arresting people for above-10-round mags, felony charges.
I mean, it's on.
It's on.
But you're just supposed to, it's all right, though, it's all right.
Let's go ahead and go to Transatlantic Euro Trade Partnership,
which, again, is merging all these governments in one-sided deals, 50,000 pages long sometimes,
where all these insiders are tax-exempt.
Great idea for you and your family, the ultra-rich, to be tax-exempt,
while raising taxes on people making $22,000 a year because it's liberal.
It's like, wait a minute, he's black and it's liberal.
But he lied.
It's liberal.
Shut up, racist.
But you raised it on poor black families.
It's liberal.
You're murdering blacks all over Africa.
It's liberal.
You're murdering people all over the Middle East.
It's liberal.
Listen, it's liberal.
Let's go to this clip, Transatlantic Euro Trade Partnership.
Here it is.
We intend to complete negotiations on a Trans-Pacific Partnership.
Oh, yeah.
And tonight I'm announcing that we will launch talks on a comprehensive
Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership with the European Union.
Oh, yeah.
A trade that is fair and free across the Atlantic,
supports millions of good-paying American jobs.
Oh, boy.
Goody, goody.
I'm sure that will be a good deal.
I will not raise your taxes, not $1, not your payroll tax,
not your Social Security tax, none of your taxes.
I won't take your guns either.
Thank you for listening to GCN.
Visit GCNlive.com today.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans,
here is the Cal-Bend Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable
and coconut oils that are earth-friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one-to-two-month sample package
and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what you're using now
or save big with a one-to-two-year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars
and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Coast to coast, direct from Austin.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups.
You want answers? Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
All right, I appreciate you holding so long.
Rob in New Hampshire, we're in overdrive for you.
Rob, you're on the air. You want to talk about a fake outbreak?
Go ahead, sir.
Yeah, Alex, I just want to first thank you profusely for my people
for the work and the words and the publicity you've put out there
for sexually abused children.
You do more on the national and now the global level
of raising awareness than I could ever hope to do
doing this full-time.
Well, thank you. We're just trying to expose that most,
a large portion of the ruling class are child abusers
and that's why they want power so they can get away with hurting kids.
Exactly, and I've got studies that would curl your hair.
But listen, what I wanted to do is tell you, years ago,
I did a study with a major university while I was a grad student.
We examined what would happen to the transportation system
if an outbreak or just word of an outbreak of smallpox was publicized.
If the new CNN and everybody said, we've got three minor outbreaks
of smallpox in O'Hare, at LAX, at Kennedy,
what would happen to transportation?
And clearly transportation was going to break down,
truckers weren't going to come to work, warehouse workers.
Things will totally lock down if that happens,
and that's what they're gearing up for is to lock things down
or they use that crisis or whatever to teach us to learn tyranny
and to learn that it's good.
Exactly, and bankers will be coming in and payroll starts.
Everybody will be staying home and it would be a bigger effect
than a nuclear blast in one of our cities.
It's frightening the chain reaction it will have if they decide to do it.
Well, the point is, we can all speculate.
We're up like it's the end of the world, all over the planet.
And the end of the world is the giant Ponzi scheme is coming to a head
and they plan to use that crisis to bring us into even greater tyranny.
And we're struggling a bit here on the gurney
while the vampire is trying to put his little fangs into our neck
and it's just time to wake up, folks.
God bless you, good to hear from you.
Frank in Nevada, you're on the air.
You want to talk about Dorner and the LAPD, go ahead.
Yes, hi, Alex.
I just wanted to say I'm calling as a private citizen.
I'm active duty military, but I just wanted to say that it's wonderful
how you are exercising your constitutional freedoms.
You are why we do what we do.
Well, God bless you, sir.
What else did you want to add today?
Okay, well, everybody keeps saying that they can't understand why Dorner,
they can't understand why Dorner, they can't understand why Dorner,
and I think he was the perfect rogue agent.
I think he accomplished exactly what he was supposed to.
First off, whether you think he's vilified or justified, it doesn't matter.
He was entitled under the Constitution to a right to a fair trial
by a jury of his peers and due process.
Whether you agree with him or not doesn't matter.
And the precedent's now set for them to say,
we're going to kill him, then kill him and say nothing happened.
Okay, now look at what the LAPD did, okay?
He was one of their own.
They recruited him, they trained him.
I'm sure his background with them got him the access he needed
in the Naval Reserves to do what he did for them
and to hone his skills into the killing machine that they said he was, okay?
So it's all about them, okay?
He snaps, okay?
Supposedly he snaps, okay?
And then he goes off the reservation, okay?
Now, he's black, right?
And I got nothing against black people, I don't.
But he's black, okay?
Most of your militia movements are primarily constituted of white members, okay?
They're not going to support him.
A black cop wants to go rogue and kill all the cops.
They're going to say, knock yourself out.
They're not going to get support from him.
He's not an advocate of the Second Amendment,
so the gun rights owners aren't going to support him
because, God forbid, if they went after it,
if they went killing gun rights owners, oh, they'd have it.
So what's your bottom line?
You think it's a sign-up?
My bottom line, yeah, I believe it is a sign-up.
I believe it because think about what they did.
They crossed.
They went out of their jurisdiction.
They went into San Bernardino County,
and even though San Bernardino had two officers that were down,
one that was dead, okay,
they weren't running around shooting up random.
They weren't running around.
I hear you. I hear you.
