Big Brother. Mainstream media. Government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Well, all Hades is breaking loose in world markets, including gold. The globalists are
on record saying that they've been artificially suppressing the price of precious metals because
it competes with their fiat currencies, which they're devaluing. But in the laws of finance
and the laws of economics, gold and silver and other commodities will only go up over
time. The insiders, of course, control the major stock markets and can go up and down
and ride the rallies up and then, of course, trigger the declines downward. And that's
all part of the record, from LIBOR and the fixing of interest rates to the plunge protection
team.
But I have expected that they could massively drive down gold. But if you look at a 12,
13-year graph, it will only go back up later. That's why I'm not going to sell any of the
silver I have. And again, I don't have gold and silver. The gold and silver I have as
an investment, as something to try to make a bunch of money, even though most of the
gold I bought was when it was below 500, silver when it was below $10. I've taken the capital,
extra capital that's been brought in really since and put it into the news operations.
But I do have an emergency backup nest egg, a little bit of cash, a little bit of gold
for a little bit of property. But personally, if they drove gold down to $1,000 an ounce
or if they drove gold down to $600 an ounce, I'm not going to sell it.
Because that just shows what a totally manipulated society we're in, where they use a naked shorting
to do this. And we're going to get Gerald Cilente, Max Keiser to pop in today or tomorrow
with their take on what's happening with this. And we will continue to track it.
Go to drudgereport.com. We can punch this up on screen for people who are watching on
prisonplanet.tv. They've got a live feed of what's going on there. The Bloomberg gold
is down 6.91%. 6.91% to $1,380 an ounce. They're calling this a collapse. A collapse would
be losing half its value is generally what you call a collapse, not 6.91.
But they're trying to create a collapse. Here's the headlines. Gold set for worst two day
loss since 1983. I've got other headlines here where they're calling it a collapse.
So that's the type of stuff that's going on. Investors bail amid collapse. There's the
headline. Panic is everywhere. Worst two day loss since 1983. So that's how the media
is pushing it. ABC News. Gold investors exit amid price collapse. Meanwhile, you'll see
Soros bad mouth gold. You'll see other globalists do it. They just want to be able to drive
it down to buy it. And they're forcing Cyprus to sell off its gold because Cyprus was signed
on to prop up European bonds. And the EU is in the news today saying, we're doing great.
Everything is going according to plan. Europe's great. And they mean the globalists that are
capturing Europe, destroying its middle class. You see, Europe must be impoverished. The
United States must be impoverished. Canada must be impoverished. The Western world from
New Zealand to Canada, from the United States to Deutschland, from France to even Turkey's
part of the West, really. They must all be impoverished. Eastern Europe, you name it,
must be totally impoverished. That's the globalist philosophy. The globalists want America out
of the way. Fighting with each other along racial and religious lines, balkanized with
a robber baron elite above the law who pay no taxes. And their minions pay less than
a blue collar worker. Obama pays 18.4% taxes. That was in the Wall Street Journal yesterday.
And by the way, it's the day you pay your money to the private Federal Reserve. Didn't
have a Federal Reserve till 1913. Didn't have an income tax. How do we build America without
it? They use the income tax as like tying the boat to the dock. So no matter how fast
you rev the engine and the propeller, you never leave the dock. It's all coming up,
plus the massive attacks on the Second Amendment and more. I'm Alex Jones.
I had tried everything. I'd cut back the amount of food I was eating. I was lifting weights
and jogging, but nothing was working. My body was literally starving for minerals and trace
elements as well as key vitamins. And as soon as I had that, I immediately could eat half
of what I was eating previously and be satisfied. Now, there are hundreds of great products
at Infowarsteam.com, but I want to point out the three that have helped me lose 37 pounds
in just two months. Products like Beyond Tangy Tangerine, Holland Burst and Rebound. When
I started taking the Tangy Tangerine and other products every day, I lost more than 37 pounds
in just two months. Now that's results. I want to challenge my listeners to go to Infowarsteam.com
and to order just three of their products. And you will see the changes in the way you
look, feel and in your appetite almost immediately. Start your journey to health and wellness
today. Infowarsteam.com. Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system portable
on the go. No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You
have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced
manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new Aquamedics advanced
media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the
only one that does it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo
code water. This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides,
herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form
of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get
your Pro Pure with the new Pro One filters today at Infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions
are stockpiling food, gold and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you
for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective
against bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver
has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared, go to SupernaturalSilver.com. Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your
entire order and like us on Facebook.
Ladies and gentlemen, it is Monday, the 15th day of April, 2013. I am your host, Alex Jones,
and we're gonna be here, Lord willing, for the next three hours today. And we're gonna
have pop in at the bottom of the next hour.
Richard Belzer has got a new book out on the Kennedy assassination hit list that has the
compelling evidence that it was an inside job with more people involved than Lee Harvey
Oswald, obviously, because of the hundreds of people that were murdered to cover it up.
The witnesses, you name it, the 50th anniversary coming up, we're gonna be talking about some
of that today. Obviously, the globalists on record are manipulating interest rates, they're
manipulating gold prices, they just use paper, fiat to drive down the prices. There is a
lot going on today that we are going to be breaking down. We've got developments on the
North Korean front, North Korea brands US an enemy of the state.
Yeah, our governments demonize the founding fathers and the patriots, Christians, you
know, as enemies of the state, so why not? In fact, North Korea should love the US government.
I mean, it acts more and more just like they do. And the North Korean government is saying
they're ready to launch missiles. South Korean defense minister concurs that that is going
on just all part of another terrorist government menacing everyone so that they can get more
oil, more food, more weapons.
That's what our government does. It's like give us all your rights, give us all your
liberties. Let us spy on you without warrants, let us secretly arrest you, or Al Qaeda will
come and murder you and your family and blow you up. North Korea says give us money, give
us oil, give us all this power, or we will launch nuclear missiles at you.
And why produce anything? Why not just take over society and menace everyone when you're
the only ones that have the guns? But before this dream of the total state can take place,
they need to first disarm the American people. It doesn't look good in the New World Order
for the main engine of the empire, the military engine and propaganda engine of the transhumanist
eugenicist death cult based control freak religion of world government.
If the United States can still have families living in homes together, if the United States
still has a high standard of living, if the United States is still armed, the power structure
cannot and will not put up with that. And that's why there is the move to disarm the
American people. I mean, it's very simple and they're putting their full court press
in just everywhere. Every one of their operatives from Bob Costas to Bill Maher are there saying
just get rid of the Second Amendment, get rid of it completely.
In fact, this was Bill Maher Friday night on his HBO program, expletive-laden, just
saying, hey, let's just get rid of the citizens right. You never had a right, he goes on to
say, the full video's up on infowars.com. The Second Amendment is BS, he says. Let's
play that clip.
I'm sorry, but this is the problem with the gun debate is that it's a constant center
right debate. There's no left in this debate. Everyone on the left is so afraid to say what
should be said, which is the Second Amendment is BS. Why doesn't anyone go at the core of
it?
And then they go on, you can watch the full video to say there is no individual right.
Well, then how can the government have guns if the government is by the consent of the
governed? I mean, our country fought a war. Our country began out of the attempt to take
guns. And the examples of this just go on and on and on.
And it makes me sick to know we're going into bondage. You notice they're taking all the
other rights and liberties right now. You notice right now they're trying to say we
don't have any rights. We don't have any, quote, privileges. Well, the Bill of Rights,
the Constitution and Declaration of Independence are not a list of privileges.
They're a list of rights that exist of all free human beings. You don't need to hear
a law that says it's wrong to grab somebody's child out of the backyard and molest them.
Because you have a conscience and you're not inherently an evil person. You don't want
to do that. In fact, if you hear about it in the news, you're horrified by it. Couples
been charged with the baby was crying, so they reportedly smothered it with a pillow.
You don't need to be told that's horrible to know that it's wrong. You don't need to
be told abortions wrong. You know inherently, especially when it's nine months old and the
baby slips out. So they chop it up there on the table while it begs for its life and literally
fights the scalpel. That's coming out in these different court hearings about abortionist
where it's they're just filthy facilities where they make jokes with the dead babies,
you know, selling the body parts. A lot of them are do weird rituals. Of course, who
do you think wants to be an abortionist? A large portion of them are into black magic.
It just keeps coming out. Of course, they're into black magic. People that do partial birth
abortions. I mean, you could have somebody who thinks it's really a right. No, it's not
really a human. And, you know, they do first trimester abortions and you could have some
argument there in their minds, at least I don't agree with it, that, hey, you know,
this isn't really a human yet. But see now it's hey, let's kill people up to three years
of age. Hey, let's go ahead and shoot grandma in the head.
You know, let's go ahead and no, no, that'd be too nice. Let's dehydrate grandma. Let's
dehydrate. Grandma, that's the that's the best way to get rid of her. And that just
goes on everywhere. So the point is when we stop caring about each other, when we stop
caring about checks and balances and liberties, there's no foundation, there's no floor. Everything
falls to the absolute core of tyranny.
So the worst of the worst then set the standard. And that's what the establishment historically
has known, at least in the West in the last 400 years, and realized that more liberty,
more checks and balances means more chances for them to have a future and not have a new
government come to power that actually robs them. These tyrannies are very dangerous for
the establishment itself, but they're such an anti family, such an evil possessed lust
for death and destruction and to really tear down the foundations of manhood and womanhood
and childhood. They're such an evil animating this. This is not some government true believer
socialist utopia they're building. They're building a hellish world.
And you can look at the fruits of collectivism and fascism as a collectivist system, socialism
that leads to communism as they try to dress them up like fake choices in the colleges.
That's not the real political paradigm. Before 150 years ago, it was taught that the left
and right were male, female. Sinister was the left associated with Eve, the devil, okay?
That's the only left and right that there is. And so the Illuminati in France began
to promote 200 years ago, roughly about 215 years ago, this is all mainline history books,
the left right paradigm for politics out of their ancient religion, which is just magic
or the occult, the hidden.
Before that, the debate was less liberty or more liberty, more freedom or less freedom.
Is this a tyrant or is this not a tyrant? Is it just? Is there justice, justice for
all? Because you had a sense of justice because you were an upright, moral, noble person.
Nobility didn't just mean that you came from a royal family or a top family. It meant that
you were noble in your bearing, that you led your troops. If you're gonna launch a war
as a king, you better be in the very front line with everybody trying to kill you.
George Washington at the head of his troops, his clothing shot up on a routine basis protected
by Providence, that is nobility. Nobility is being able to turn the other cheek when
someone is weak and pathetic and in a bad position to teach them a lesson, but also
knowing when to shut somebody down and crush them when they're a snake and consciously
evil. Christ was the ultimate example of nobility. Turn the other cheek to the brethren, but
whip the money changers because they were consciously turned over to evil and fraud
and defrauding the entire system and had taken over the house of the Lord, had taken over
God's house, had defiled it, had set themselves up before God as the idol.
How many churches have done that? How many churches have turned the state and the worship
of the state and the worship of immature, degenerate, arbitrary power? Let's go to another
clip. Again, here's Dianne Feinstein. If she can get the votes, Mr. And Mrs. America, turn
in all your semi-autos. Here it is.
If I could have gotten 51 votes in the Senate of the United States for an outright ban,
picking up every one of them, Mr. And Mrs. America, turn them all in, I would have done
it.
She would have done it. So Bill Maher says, hey, you have no Second Amendment, you have
no right. Bob Costas gets all excited and starts clapping and agreeing. And these guys
are crazed on these shows. They know their willing accomplices for an authoritarian takeover.
They've been told that they're gonna be absolutely taken care of while they sit there in their
big armored communities with armed bodyguards. They'll be able to keep their guns. And that
they've been told, go along with this, you'll be taken care of, while the globalists consciously
implode the economy to make us poor as a political tool of control.
Now, there's new gun news coming up. And I talked about this Friday, I talked about it
yesterday, it's so important. The video is up at drugsreport.com on the left-hand side
next to the California flag.
Digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins. That bears repeating.
Digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins. And ProEM-1, daily
probiotic cleanse is the key to digestive health. ProEM-1 is a powerful liquid probiotic,
strong enough to cleanse, gentle enough to use every day. ProEM-1 is dairy, wheat, and
soy-free, contains all natural and certified organic ingredients, contains no preservatives
or animal products, supports a healthy digestive and immune system, supports weight loss, improves
absorption of food nutrients, aids in controlling yeast infections, is never freeze dried, and
removes groups of live viable beneficial microbes to cleanse and remove toxins. Order ProEM-1,
daily probiotic cleanse at teraganix.com, spelled T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X.com, teraganix.com,
or call toll free, 866-369-3678. That's 866-369-3678. ProEM-1, the raw probiotic.
Curious about what comes next? Next is the feeling of vulnerability you get after you
arrive home to discover your house has been ransacked by burglars. Fool the bad guys with
a new improved fake TV. You asked for it, we listened, and we made our new fake TV three
times brighter than our previous model. The brightness of our new fake TV is equivalent
to a 40 inch TV. It simulates the color and motion of a real TV while you're away from
home. And when burglars think someone is home watching television, they're likely to pass
your house and move on to an easier target. The new, brighter fake TV is only $39.95 and
includes free shipping. Go to faketv.com or call 1-877-5FAKETV. That's 877-532-5388. Or
go to faketv.com. Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
You cannot be able to control mother nature, but you can control your food prices by freezing
the cost and availability of your food supply with eFoods Direct. Be prepared before you
need it with nutrient dense food you can store for up to 25 years. You can hope for the best,
but hope won't feed you. Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best durable
foods out there from eFoods Direct. Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at efoodsdirect.com
and check out their spring specials. Again, that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web
at efoodsdirect.com. You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
We the people grow cotton, wheat fabric, engrave ink, embed strips and fibers to protect from
counterfeit, then carting to a private bank, having it lead back at interest, forcing taxes
to service debt. This capitalism or was Jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing
the public currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than a standing
army? Hi, Ted Anderson. I'm placing a free silver dollar in a book that explains our
monetary system. Call for your copy. 800-686-2237. It's time to understand the system. Call
800-686-2237. That's 800-686-2237.
He aligns himself with the truth. And it's time for you to choose a side. You're listening
to Alex Jones. I'll be honest with you. I've analyzed the feeling I have. The overdriving
feeling is sorrow. That America and the world is so decadent, so fallen, so childlike, so
insecure, so immature. I people watch and I watch their actions at a movie or or at
the park or at the shopping mall or paying bills. And I sit there. And I see the general
public just absolutely dumbed down and immature, and they have no idea what they're facing.
And then those of us that are aware and awake and involved. We're the group being demonized.
I mean, look at Homeland Security demonizes people that talk about a new world order,
people that talk about a new world order, global governance program, returning veterans,
mainline Christians now. Next to the Ku Klux Klan and Al Qaeda, the army's being taught
it. I talked about this yesterday and showed the news articles. I'm gonna do a special
report this week where even the state police of Colorado have gone public going and sheriffs
have gone public going.
The new federal training ask if we're ready to confiscate guns from Christians. I mean,
they're training for war with us. I mean, it's happening and it's all over the top.
And now I don't even have the instinct to believe the United States. I mean, I realize
it's a worldwide tyranny. A lot of people hear this and get scared and decide to just
say nothing. Maybe they'll pass you over. The Angel of Death is not gonna pass over
your house, ladies and gentlemen, until you publicly say where you stand and publicly
say you stand against the enemy.
Going along with this is not going to have the evil pass over you. It's gonna have it
come to your doorstep. And I just cannot impress upon you. I'll tell you what else makes me
sick. All the infighting by so-called libertarian and conservative talk show host who then attack
people and then people even respond back.
You know what? I'm even wrong to have responded back. And I say this and then he does new
stuff and I get mad at him. But things are too serious. And I usually can do what I say
I'm gonna do. Like I've said before, I'm not gonna respond back to Glenn Beck.
I may respond if he does stuff again, but I'm gonna be gentlemanly about it. And I am
putting out all the branches to all my so-called enemies, even though a lot of them I know
are evil people who wouldn't take an olive branch. I'm still spiritually forgiving everyone
because a lot of people get jealous when you're in this position.
A lot of people act weird. You can always one up yourself by putting down somebody.
It's all Cass Sunstein, cognitive infiltration. The White House said four years ago they would
infiltrate alternative media, try to get us to end fight with each other. Ladies and gentlemen,
we need to unify together defending the Second Amendment, defending the sanctity of life,
going in.
By the way, we're on the march reversing abortion. Because polls show, the large index of polls,
people swung against abortion. The people have swung against GMO. They have swung against,
so it's not about left right now. It's about right and wrong. People are swinging pro-gun.
All the numbers show. That's why the collectivist who were in control gutting our economy, gutting
our future, shining us on to trillions of dollars of debt that aren't ours, selling
our infrastructure out for nothing to China, giving them all our deepwater ports in this
hemisphere, as part of a globalist deal.
Just like Hitler and Stalin divided Poland, America has been divided between the EU mega
banks, the British banks, the Federal Reserve banks that are globalist owned, foreign, and
China. It's already happened. The deal was already made. That's why they gave them Panama
Canal in 2000. That's why they've given them all the deepwater ports on the West Coast,
from Seattle to Long Beach.
And when you've studied history, I don't just say I get chills, folks. I can hardly do this
radio show. Because even doing this radio show is just like everything's business as
usual. It's not business as usual. I just am so worried about my children. I watched
my five-year-old daughter go off to dance class this morning with my mother, who took
her.
And my mother's innocent, even though she's a very smart person who knows history, is
a history-obsessed buff. Still, what is my mother supposed to do to fight the New World
Order? What's my five-year-old daughter supposed to do? I'm the man. I'm supposed to do something
about this, and I don't know what to do, because you got crazy criminals running wild.
You can go out in Austin, Texas, or San Diego, California, and every person you talk to in
the areas says, put all gun owners in forced labor camps. Ban water. I mean, they're just
a sick cult of sick freaks who are not connected to history or reality and have no idea what
they're going to do to everybody. Okay? I mean, oh, man. We'll be back. Stay with us.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Bend Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth-friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com, or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one- to two-month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice
as good as what you're using now, or save big with a one- to two-year supply of soaps
for all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars, and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com,
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your
arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for
intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is
completely wireless. Go to getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely
customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit, or
shed. Getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under
20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate,
you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe
will stand guard, protecting your property 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Again, that's
getsimplisafe.com.
In the last two years alone, the U.S. has seen huge losses to our food supply. In 2011,
storms and floods raged across the U.S., costing us $20 billion in lost crops alone. In 2012,
we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years. You may think out of
sight, out of mind, and so you don't think you will be affected. The fact is, you are.
We all are. Food shortages drive prices up for everyone. You might not be able to control
Mother Nature, but you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability
of your food supply with eFoodsDirect. Be prepared before you need it with nutrient-dense
food you can store for up to 25 years. You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed
you. Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best, durable foods out there from
eFoodsDirect. Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash
Alex and check out their spring specials. Again, that number is 800-409-5633 or on the
web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex. You can bet your life on eFoodsDirect.
That number is 800-409-5633.
But still, they're in control of our currencies worldwide. They're mopping up the few countries
they don't control, and they are butchering the value of the people's pensions, the people's
investments, the infrastructure, because it's not enough to control the fiat issuance of
currency and credit. The technocrats want to make you poor to control you, and that's
really their greatest crime. And then they argue, well, people having plenty of food
and water and entertainment and shelter, that makes them decadent. And so we're gonna take
that away.
You know, austerity is beautiful. And of course, there's a grain of truth there, that prosperity
makes monsters. Adversity makes men. I flipped what Victor Hugo said, or out of order. He
said, adversity makes men, prosperity makes monsters. But the globalists have geared the
educational system to dumb people down on record. That's declassified, covered in the
book Deliberate Dumbing Down with the internal documents. Charlotte is a re-head of policy
department of education.
It's on record they wanna dumb down self-centered, really evil population. I mean, I don't really
pay attention to pop culture, but I've been forced to. And the stuff targeting tweenie
and preteen girls, 8, 9, 10, 11 year olds, that I hear booming out of cars and then I
see children listening to on their iPads and iPods.
All of it is sexualizing them and hardcore devil worship. And I'm not just talking about
Lady Gaga, but Kesha, Jay-Z, all of it. And again, the guys were showing me this weekend,
some of the Kesha videos, where they're teaching young girls how to commit suicide and how
beautiful it is to be married to the devil and how great it is to kill yourself.
And we wonder why kids are killing themselves and little girls are epidemic cutting themselves
and it shows that. In fact, I don't even wanna look at it, take it down off the screen. And
of course, I can't imagine how cursed Kesha will be. Not by God, I mean, when you get
into evil, it will destroy you.
I shiver just watching this. Folks, when societies do this, there's always giant wars, everything
collapses and large portions of the population are killed. I mean, this is like clockwork.
This is like the oven dinging when it's gotten up to temperature. This is, I know I'm just
ranting and preaching here, I've got so much news to get to.
When we can go out on the streets of Austin and every person we talk to, every person
we say, hey, let's ban dihydrogen monoxide to save the earth and they just mindlessly
sign it when that's H2O. And then people on infoawars.com, the so-called liberals, the
authoritarian brainwashed government cult people, the state cult, they're in there arguing
dihydrogen monoxide is not water with straight faces and they're doing it on YouTube.
Because see, in the new world, you don't argue with our facts, you just make your own facts.
Like O'Brien tells Winston when he's torturing him in 1984, he goes, Winston, two plus two
equals four, you say that's proof of freedom? I'm gonna torture you until you'll believe
it's whatever I say it is.
Don't you know we could suspend gravity with our mathematicians, but also still have gravity
for our ships and aircraft to navigate? And have our captains and pilots believe that
there's no gravity while they use gravity in their computations? And that's exactly
it. They are now arguing dihydrogen monoxide is not water instead of admitting that all
these university trendies and physics graduates and chemist graduates don't know what dihydrogen
monoxide is.
I mean, we've reached that level now where you can go, cuz I talked to Mark Dice. I mean,
he went out and talked to people and that's what he ran into. The video's up on drugsreport.com
and left-hand side underneath the California flag of the bear in distress. And you watch
it and every person, except for two young women who were obviously sisters, they say,
I don't wanna turn my guns in, I own guns.
Everyone else, he said, we're gonna play at the moment. We're going to go and arrest the
evil white tea party people and take their guns. And by the way, I'm gonna send my reporters
out to go one step further and say, you know what, these people haven't paid their fair
share. Let's have 100% taxes on them and put them in forced labor camps.
And I guarantee you, I will find people at the University of Texas ready to put you in
a forced labor camp. Because to them, they go watch zombie movies and death all day cuz
it thrills them because they've never been in even a fistfight or a car wreck. Or they've
never sat there and watched somebody in a car wreck with their throat slit and blood
spraying all over them. They've never been in the real thing. They all live completely
sheltered lives.
And it just sounds powerful to put us in a forced labor camp. You understand these are
sick freaks who would have gotten on their knees to any of history's tyrants and done
whatever they said. Because deep down, they're so cowardly. Deep down, they're so scared.
Deep down, they are so freaked out by evil that they run to it begging. See, the ultimate
coward is delusional.
And they decide to embrace this garbage. Let's go and play an excerpt of the video that unprecedented
Drudge knows is so important. We appreciate that. That's why I went with it. Even though
Mark Dice has been a critic of me, I don't even care. This video needs to be seen. See,
I'm totally becoming free now.
I just don't even care. I don't care if they arrest me. I don't care if I get killed. I
don't care if people lie about me, twist things. I don't care anymore. Because I understand
the mega massive evil of the New World Order is what has to be dealt with.
That's what I'm fighting. I'm fighting the abortion. I'm fighting the attempt to disarm
us and enslave us and complete our journey to slavery. I'm fighting for our national
sovereignty. I'm fighting for our borders. I'm fighting for our republic. I'm fighting
for our Constitution. And I'm fighting against the Federal Reserve shareholders that openly
say that they're funding all the anti-gun, anti-family, globalist organizations who are
wanting 80% or higher tax rates on you and your family to transfer your money to them.
Not to just become rich, but to bankrupt you. I stand for prosperity, and I stand for liberty,
and I stand for being honest and decent and telling the truth.
And I call for everyone else who loves liberty to have your voice be heard today. And I said
this yesterday on the Sunday show, and I'm gonna say it again. If you are a talk show
host or web person or journalist or preacher or police officer or counselor or medical
doctor, a person of influence, a Federal Reserve employee.
My great uncle was pretty high up in the Dallas Federal Reserve and came to know it was all
evil and bad before he died listening to me on the radio in Dallas. Uncle Billy, great
guy, great World War II vet, just amazing person. My grandmother's brother, she's still
alive. My whole issue is, ladies and gentlemen, for everybody out there, for everybody out
there, what I'm asking you, what I'm begging you to do is to realize you've been taught
going along is what gets you there.
No, no, it was going along that got us into this position and got us leveraged into debt
that's not ours to make us bondage slaves, bond slaves. That's what a bond slave is,
your bond, because your family sold you. You could come from a free family in the Middle
East, read the Bible, and your family could sell you as a bond slave just 200 years ago
before they began abolishing it.
And they didn't abolish it in Germany till about 160 years ago. That's when they finally
phased it out. Bond slave, your parents could take you even from a good family and could
sell you as an indentured slave. But you'll never be taught that in the media because
they want blacks to have a inferiority complex and to be racist and to hate all white people
to not even know that Germany didn't abolish all of its slavery until the 1880s.
White slaves. Wasn't even Germany yet, but it got it got unified right around that time.
Germania, Austrian, Hungarian Empire. The point is, is that I want a future and I'm
sick of watching. Man, I tell you, even though it's interesting, have you ever watched Big
Fish Hunt Little Fish and you see him eating the fish, you see a fish run and you root
for him and it gets pinned up against a rock and then eaten.
And then the fish is so big compared to the bass that's eating it, it struggles, you see
its little eyes as the bass sucks it into its gullet. And you feel sad for the fish.
Folks, I feel a thousand times sadder for all the babies getting chopped up. And it's
cuz I'm not because I'm a hero or a good guy.
It's a normal response of empathy. There it is, debtors, prison, legal in more than one
third of US states. And by the way, that's totally unconstitutional. Eddie Craig did
a two and a half hour presentation that's at prisonplanet.tv on all of this, Bills of
Attainer, all of it.
I mean, ladies and gentlemen, America is not a free country anymore. There's islands of
free media left, barely. The White House is openly going after them. And again, a lot
of you are gonna think, yeah, Alex, we actually know it's tyranny. We're gonna shut up and
we will run and we will live, yes, for at least a while.
But many years from now, lying in your beds, what would you do to just once come back here
and tell our enemies, you can take our lives, but you'll never take our freedom. And you
know what William Wallace lost? He won a few battles with him, was killed by Treasury.
That's a historical fact. That's a real story, folks. But right after he was killed, Scotland
got its independence. And then of course, it was another battle, the imperial system,
the Viking system, the Norman system that had conquered England, was able to conquer
him again.
But the whole point is it's an eternal struggle. And it's the same thing over and over again.
Your children, let me explain this, are already having GMO fed to them. They're already pushing
vaccines, trying to make a mandatory worldwide by fraud, already making a mandatory, lying
and saying it's mandatory. We're already in a criminal society because people keep saying
yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, to tyranny.
And your children are walking dead, many of them already. They've done all this in rodent
studies with guinea pigs, rats, mice, you name it. We've covered it, we sell books that
cover it. We break it all down. In Endgame, Blueprint for Global Enslavement, in the genetic
roulette books we sell, all of it.
We're now going into the second generation of real soft kill. And you can already see
the cancer rates, the way that people look, the health problems, all of it. What happens
to the rats fed the GMO across the board? It's cuz it's designed to do it, every one
of the crops.
It's not like it's an accident it does it. There's a reason the Monsanto Laboratories
for 15 years, all of their scientists refused to eat GMO and have it trucked in to their
cafeteria as non-GMO. There's a reason all the ruling class won't eat GMO on record.
Just look it up. Chinese communists have secret gardens, non-GMO. British royalty have secret
gardens, non-GMO.
Rich elite will not even touch it. Because I mean, would they grab a cobra out of the
bushes and slap it on their arm? I mean, of course you wouldn't. But we're brought up
in it so we don't know. First generation, the guinea pigs begun to be obese, lower IQs,
smaller genitals, lower sperm counts.
By second generation, off the chart cancer, obesity, deformity of the organs, almost complete
infertility. Third generation, guys show guinea pigs, just type in guinea pigs, hair on tongues.
That'll pull up the studies and photos. Hair on the tongues, 99.9% sterility, tumors growing
all over them. I mean, the wages of the New World Order is death.
And you go out to California, where they're getting hit by the radiation clouds, where
they're under the GMO, where all this is happening, ladies and gentlemen. And you go out to LA
or San Diego or Malibu Beach, and you say to people, let's arrest all the gun owners.
And you can even throw in, let's put them in a forced labor camp and everyone, 90% of
the people will sign it and they get excited. Yeah, you don't have to tell me, buddy. Because
this to them is just they're fantasizing about darkness.
They're fantasizing about sexy power. Let's go ahead and go to a clip of Californians.
He's like, yeah, the evil YT party, we need to arrest them, take their guns. You don't
have to tell me, buddy. And he says he signs with pleasure. You don't have to tell me.
And again, the reason this is such a genius video is if you all go out and do this and
talk with the same, you gotta shuffle when you walk up. And you've gotta go, I'm serious,
it's a cult thing.
The government cult talks like NPR, they're in a trance. You gotta go, arrest the whites,
take their guns, FEMA camp. They will get excited and they'll do the same little head
bob with you and look at you in personal self-disgust of each other. And then go, yeah, let's do
it cuz it's decadent and slimy to desecrate freedom.
And they'll go, yeah, let's arrest the gun owners, yeah, let's do it. We're sick freaks,
let's do it. Let's go ahead and go back to the tape, here it is.
Just a name and a signature. We're trying to just repeal the Second Amendment to make
sure that only the criminals have the guns and get them out of the hands of the law-abiding
citizens.
To repeal the Second Amendment, it's such an old-fashioned amendment. We're just making
sure that the law-abiding gun owners have that right taken away.
All right.
Thank you so much. We're gonna repeal the Second Amendment. Only the police and the
military need to have guns. We can trust them, they've never done anything wrong. And we're
just gonna get the legal registered guns off the street.
You don't have to convince us, my friend.
This will remove all the law-abiding registered gun owners and then the criminals sign. The
criminals won't turn their guns in, so they'll still have their guns after we repeal the
Second Amendment. Thanks for supporting that. Come on, bro, you don't want the kids to die
in another massacre like Sandy Hook?
Not at all, but I just feel excited to hear it. I'm sorry, man.
We're gonna repeal the Second Amendment.
All right, that's good.
Full video up at DrudgeReport.com, left-hand side right there on Drudge Report. Californians
signed petition to ban and confiscate firearms. And the new news that's out, big shits coordinating
gun confiscations. It's official, she's the one directing state police everywhere to illegally
take veterans' guns without even a psychological adjudication that they're mentally ill. The
kidnapping of veterans.
Time and time again.
You need to come here and help us. We need assistance, please.
Those we should be able to depend on, let us down.
Federal and state and local officials saying help is on the way, while the folks here in
Bell Harbor say show me.
Don't depend on the government to save you. Take action now so that you're prepared for
the next disaster with MyPatriotSupply.com. Get the best prices on storable food, non-GMO
seeds, water filtration devices, home canning equipment, survival and self-reliance books,
and more at MyPatriotSupply.com. Call 866-229-0927.
We are hurting down here and we need help immediately.
Before it's time to survive, it's time to prepare. MyPatriotSupply.com. MyPatriotSupply.com.
Nothing is more American than Diamond Gusset jeans, 100% American made since 1987. Soft
and broken in from the start, yet more rugged and durable than any jean you've ever worn.
Have you ever experienced mis-sized jeans from China? Well, you won't with Diamond Gusset.
Every pair is crafted to fit exactly the same and always feel like they were custom made.
Need a 35, 37, or 39 waist? How about a 31 inseam? We keep all sizes in stock for the
fit you need. Looking for a relaxed fit, slim fit, regular fit, boot cut, or straight leg?
We got you covered. Buy the world's best fitting jeans at Gusset.com or call 1-888-8GUSSET.
Get free Gusset Targets for the next time you go to the shooting range with a purchase
of their new Ranger jean. Use code comfort when ordering to receive free shipping and
all Gusset orders at Gusset.com. That's Gusset.com to get only the best all American jeans.
Is this the year you finally get serious about your family's drinking water? If so, keep
listening for a special offer from Big Berkey Water Filters. Did you know that over 60%
of municipal water is fluoridated? Berkey Water Filters distinguish themselves from
many other filtration systems with the capability to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine,
fluoride, arsenic, and disinfection byproducts from municipal water via the black Berkey
and PF line of filters. Then there's affordability. At only 1.7 cents per gallon, Berkey Water
Filters purify treated and untreated water, even stagnant pond water. Stop and think how
much money you could save by simply reducing buying bottled water and using water filtered
by your Berkey Water Filter. No need to be constantly replacing expensive filters with
a Berkey. A single set of filters can last for 5 to 10 years. Choose the best size Berkey
for your needs at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com. And right now, all GCN listeners get 5% off
all ceramic filter systems. Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY. That's 877-99-BER-KEY or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
Free shipping on every order over $50. Big Berkey Water Filters, for the love of clean
water.
By repealing the Second Amendment, what that'll do is we'll have a door-to-door gun confiscation
against the white people, the right wing extremists. Okay. Take away their guns. Well, birthday.
Oh, my birthday. Yeah, your birthday. Yeah, just repealing the Second Amendment, door-to-door
gun confiscations, then that way only the unregistered guns will be out and we'll be
much safer that way. Thank you for supporting that.
No doubt, no doubt. Just a name, man, signature. All right, that's enough. Again, get this
video. It's up at Infowars.com. But the easiest place to find it is DrudgeReport.com on the
left-hand side. You see a big old California, Republic of California flag. America, Californians
move to ban, seize guns, carry foreign students scared of guns in the US. We're gonna go to
that in a moment.
Senator, background checks amount to new tax. Yeah, that's the plan. Rifts in both parties
complicate odds for bill developing, but they'll get it after the next stage suiting. Nanny
Bloomberg, if you sell a gun to your son, something's wrong in your family. This is
a guy who has bodyguards, owns guns, owns jet copters.
I mean, he's just a total predator. There was an article, he was interviewed where he
said, I'm a technocrat. I love knowing everything about you and tracking it. I'll plan your
life. No, you won't, you sick freak. You sicko. Critics question use of new NSA data center,
working with Facebook, with attorney generals.
They're just spying on everything. And the collapse is beginning. State buses, hundreds
of mentally ill patients to cities around the country. And again, ladies and gentlemen,
what you've got to do is you've got to go out to areas in your community and go to these
anti-gun rallies. And ladies and gentlemen, shoot video, go up and say, hi, I'm a communist.
I want to arrest all gun owners. And the people will say to you, especially if you have a
hidden camera, they'll go, yes, my brother, soon is the time.
And I've been telling my reporters for months, this is what I want to do. We're going to
do it. I mean, we already sent reporters out and they said, here in Austin, once we register
the guns, we're going to take them. And you've got to go and show people, this is a cult
of freak weirdos who just are in love with tyranny because they're so weak individually.
They get off on this idea, but just go to gun rallies and go, soon, my brother, we will
have the communism and we will arrest our enemies and put them in FEMA centers.
And they're like, yes, my brother, because I've been to some of these things. I've been
around these people. You think I'm joking? I have footage of them, communists in New
York saying we're going to put all the gun owners in Stalin camps. And I said, but Stalin
killed people. And they go, yeah, too bad he didn't kill you. We were going to kill
you.
And of course, they couldn't kill a paper bag. But don't worry, they'll take your money,
hire mercenaries to do it. You understand? Let's go to Kerry saying kids are scared to
come to America because of the guns. What, from their countries where only the government
has the guns? Here it is.
I've heard in a couple of quiet conversations with a few officials-
Man, he's had Botox.
How safe it is over here in this country where people are not running around with guns.
That's what evil does to you.
And number two-
Look how empty he is.
How some students, we had an interesting discussion about why fewer students are coming to, particularly
from Japan, to study in the United States. And one of the responses I got from our officials,
from conversations with parents here, is that they're actually scared. They think they're
not safe in the United States.
Well, yeah, they're not safe from you. Actual travel studies show that people are scared
of the government and the checkpoints and the TSA. That's real, not lies coming out
of your mouth.
Now, here's the FBI's own statistics over the last 20 years. Forty-nine percent drop
in crime rate. And you and your brethren criminals, street thugs are just like Kerry. He's just
a bigger one. They all instinctively hate good people. This place is up to you. They
hate you. Do you understand that? These criminals hate you because you're a good person. Figure
that out. They're evil. Stay with us.
This is GCN, the Genesis Communications Radio Network.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing
a full selection of silver-based products. Our most popular silver-based products are
the 32-ounce nano silver solutions, our 2-ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well as
our all-natural silver soaps. Just released is our 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver
gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and leave the silver
at the surface. But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin-nourishing
chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the
silver more effectively. Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver-based
products are best for you. That's www.silverlungs.com.
Waging war on corruption, Alex Jones on the GCN radio network. Big brother, mainstream
media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN
radio network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
I have met at my office one of the assistant, well, one of the prosecutors, not the head
Austin prosecutor. And they came to my office because they were, well, I'm not going to
get into the whole story. And they showed me their card and I knew who they were with.
That's how they were brought here. And I looked the person up. It was about a year ago, two
years ago now. And they told me, they said, listen, the judges give illegal aliens $5
fines for drunk driving.
And even if they run over somebody, they don't get charged. And we've just been told, do
it. And then I also covered how banks, like 10 years ago, came out and said, we give illegal
aliens loans with no IDs, no proof, as part of a program to incentivize coming to America.
Just like you can have your babies for free, and they put ads in Mexican newspapers, come
up and have your kids for free.
It's about bankrupting America. The globalists are just going to loan America more fiat dollars
to get real infrastructure. So anyway, if it's a $5 million cast of shrimp on treadmills,
I'm not joking. I think it was a $5 million. Guys, look up study of shrimp on treadmills.
I think it was 5 mil a few years ago. Or whether it's a $10 million UT female masturbation
study, or whether it's a study to teach elementary students how to masturbate, $100 million program,
Jocelyn Elders, whatever.
Any way they can bankrupt us and just get us used to walking all over us. Here's the
new article. There it is. Tax dollars fund shrimp on treadmills. Jell-O Wrestling and
Antarctica Report says federal research agency mismanaged 3 billion.
Alex, you exaggerate. You said 5 million, it was 3 billion. Yeah, no, I remember the
headline. It was 5 million for shrimp on treadmills. I think that's the Fox News headline. I think
it was 5 million out of the 3 billion. But again, and they will take an old lady's house
who's eating dog food in the poorest part of Austin.
I've done these reports years ago when I could have time to do local reports, but you know
about it. When an old 80-year-old woman can't pay her property taxes and is on $600 a month
Social Security and has all these medical bills and literally, literally have to go
get charity. And I tell you, I used to do my AXS TV show and I'd do one report on old
people and I'd get hundreds of calls to my comment line with no crew.
And I would hear these old ladies and old men begging going, I'm over here in a trailer
and they say they're gonna take my plot. The trailer's only worth probably 20,000. I've
been in it 30 something years, there's holes in the roof. But they want it and they're
coming next week to take my trailer.
They're coming next week to take my trailer. And I have like 100 phone calls. Mike Hansen
used to take it over for me and he couldn't listen to it. He'll drive you crazy. You can't
even call him back, much less go out there. And you go out there and one guy's got colon
cancer and you see blood and bandages seeping out of his trousers.
And he's sitting there going, yeah, I was in the quarry, I wore my life, died of cancer.
They're gonna take my in the three inch grass, but I got out and I mowed it, I mowed it,
I mowed it. And I guess I'm trying to beat this cancer right now. If they won't take
back the two weeks I was in the hospital, three inch grass, $2,000 fines a day and other
objectionable material.
And the zone person, I've had my hat in my hand. And I said, sir, I can't move these
logs in the backyard. And I'm trying to get a company in to do it, but I'm on Social Security.
And for some reason, the VA don't send a check no more. They're looking at you with all their
teeth missing. Mr. Jones, I wanna thank you. And that's why I can't do this anymore.
Show that Obama can spend millions of dollars a night in a hotel and Biden can spend $500,000
while they're shooting kids up with poison shots. And I could get hundreds of calls a
week. They always target old people, the zoning department.
And man, they take their houses and throw them in a nursing home. And now they wear
uniforms with police badges. I wanna tell all those people something. You're not gonna
get away with this. I hope you know God is gonna strike your butt down. You are cursed.
You understand that? We'll be right back. Stay with us.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
You know, the Obama people like to quote the Bible and say, Thou shalt not kill. But if
you actually go to the Hebrew and Greek translations, thou shalt not murder means in cold blood
wrongly someone who's innocent. And that's the common law of all cultures. What is basically
illegal is going and killing someone who's done nothing.
Knocking somebody on the head to basically rob them. And my son heard me talking about
people that hurt innocents, how it will come back on them. And he happened to have in his
book bag, he's here with me today, discovers Bible, a large print Bible for early readers.
And he was reading me from Genesis 21, 9, verse 6. Anyone who murders man will be killed
by man. This is because I have made man in my own likeness.
So anyone who murders, murders, murders, just to say thou shalt not kill. No, it's thou
shalt not murder. Because you can see the government saying they're gonna kill whole
villages to get one bad guy. Why is that supposedly okay? Well, that is wrong. That is unjust
war. And we've just accepted so many out of control things in this society.
Now is the time to realize that the people are perishing for lack of knowledge. But again,
there it is, Genesis 821. Is that chapter 9, verse 6. Anyone who murders man will be
killed by man. That is because I have made man in my own likeness. That's the same thing
as those that live by the sword, die by the sword.
It doesn't mean having a sword or defending yourself, you're gonna be killed by the sword.
It means those that live by the sword. Living, you're out taking with the sword, you will
surely die by the sword. All of you that serve evil and think you're gonna be on the winning
team because you're so scared of the system, you think you'll just, well, that's the winning
team.
I'll go curl up to that. You lead cursed lives for a reason. Your family's breaking up for
a reason. Your child, because you trusted the system and took all the vaccines and eat
them. No, because you lie to yourself. You're going to be cursed by your own actions. And
that's not mumbo jumbo. That's not magic. That's common sense. Thank you, son, for bringing
the book in.
All right, I wanna open the phones up in this second hour. A lot of stations join us in
the second and third hour. I wanna welcome all of you aboard here today. And we are here
Monday through Friday from 11 AM to 2 PM Central back at night, 7 o'clock Central within Fall
Wars Nightly News. If you are not a prisonplanet.tv subscriber, you go to prisonplanet.tv. We're
fighting the construction of the prison planet within fallwarsnews.com, that'll also get
you there.
11 memberships, I didn't plug anything last hour. 11 memberships for 5.95 a month. That
is 55 cents or less per person. One username passcode, create an original code you can
share. Give it to friends and family. I say you can probably give it up to 50 people and
just say, hey, here's your gift of a username passcode to see all these films in high def,
to see the Nightly News, to see video of the radio show.
Also send people the free iPhone app or the free Android apps that are in the listen page
of infowars.com. Just click on that tab or prisonplanet.com will take you there. I mean,
the Eddie Craig presents how to protect your rights as an American citizen, Air Force officer,
and then of course, Nacogdoches Sheriff's deputy that saw the corruption and stood up
against it. Probably one of the best, most well-spoken, not patriot mythology, but real
hardcore pro se, just showing how basically everything the police do is illegal now.
And most police don't even know it, because it's all done in legalese. Police all need
to see it. Prisonplanet.tv, and again, that just pays for the bandwidth. If you wanna
support us by the Propure water filters, the lowest price out there, promo code water at
infowarsstore.com. Promo code water gets you 10% off the already lowest price. We've now
launched the seed center, a year of research, the best reviews, the non-GMO, non-hybrid
heirloom seeds.
We've got cases that have 50,000 seeds at the lowest price, 5,000 seeds at the lowest
price, 50,000, 10,000. We're now carrying six different companies, six different brands
at infowarsstore.com. And these seeds will save many of them 100 years, by the way. So
you can also buy a couple of this seed vault. It's a great system. The seed arc is amazing.
All of it, and they all calculate basically out at the same price, depends on how many
seeds you get.
And we have these at the lowest prices. I've instructed Weldon Henson, who heads up the
store with Matt back there, to have the lowest prices unless somebody's doing a bait and
switch on eBay or something. But the point is, is that this supports the broadcast. We
sell things we believe in. Infowarshealth.com, the best vitamins, minerals products they're
purchasing from us, also funds the operation so we can boldly go 110% up against the enemy.
Now, I wanna give the number out on these articles. What do you think of gold being
artificially plunged? I mean, it's on record. It's all staged. I'm gonna get some experts
on this week. Anybody can pull up the articles where they admit the big banks go in there
and short sell.
They go in there and they, naked short, they go in there and they manipulate. They put
out contracts, puts that it's gonna go down and then have the media hype it up. And then
basically sell also their own gold holdings into the market at reduced prices. I mean,
Gordon Brown sold England's, what was it, a decade ago or more gold supply at a third
of what it was worth.
You can look that up. I mean, it is just crazy what they're doing. And I've told people,
they can drive anything down. They can do anything artificial now, but not long term.
They can do anything. They could probably make gold be worth zero, down to 10 cents.
But in the real market, it won't be. And at that price, you wouldn't be able to buy any.
They could say the moon was made out of cheese. They could say two plus two equal 10. And
they now teach that in public schools. They actually teach it could be whatever you think
to just create total disassociation from reality.
I think that right now, the question is, do we all work for central bankers? That's what
I want to address to our guests tonight. Is this global governance at last? Is it one
world the central bankers in charge? Jim Iorio, you say we've got some downside here, a correction
in the markets. Fine. But aren't we all just living and dying for what the central banks
do? Aren't we all just counting on the fact that there's a Bernanke put and that we won't
go any lower than, say, five percent down from here?
Of course we are, because if we look at the economic data, there's nothing to get excited
about in that. So yesterday, we saw some reluctance for the Bernanke Fed to expand their balance.
Now, separately, it's in the Financial Times of London, AP Reuters, Time Magazine, that
hey, there's a global government run by private mega banks. They're gonna need 100 trillion
in the next decade of your tax money via carbon taxes, Tobin taxes, and global VAT.
And they're gonna fix the world economy by running the planet. And by the way, they're
exempt from the taxes themselves, from EU bureaucrats up. But if you go, hey, I think
that's a terrible idea. They go, whoa, Southern Barbie Law Center, ADL, this doesn't exist.
There are crazy people that believe there's a global takeover by mega banks. Yeah, the
John Birch Society, they said that in the 50s.
Man, they're really bad people for being absolutely accurate 60 plus years before their time because
they had high level military officers that weren't traitors who were let in on the operation
that warned them. Man, yeah, they're kooks. Yeah, those patriots, that Alex Jones, he
said 17 years ago they were setting up a new world order run by mega banks cuz he happened
to have read books by Barry Goldwater who was witnessing it all as a senator.
Yeah, man, he's a bad guy for being informed. I mean, this is getting so out of control.
This is a war against reality. And I want your take on this clip. Again, that's up at
drugsreport.com on the left hand side. I'm gonna have it reposted, have them repost it
too.
I want at Prison Planet Info Wars, red link. It's got the clips of Californians saying
arrest the partiers, take all their guns, put them in jail, here it is.
By repealing the Second Amendment, what that'll do is we'll have a door to door gun confiscation
against the white people, the right wing extremists. Take away their guns, a birthday.
What's the, my birthday? Yeah, your birthday, yeah. Just repealing the Second Amendment,
door to door gun confiscations, then that way only the unregistered guns will be out
and we'll be much safer that way.
Thank you for supporting that. No doubt, no doubt.
It just goes on and on, that's enough. Full video at infowars.com, full video at drugsreport.com.
But I'm telling you, all of you, it's time to fight. Take your iPhone, take your camera.
You don't have to be a, quote, expert to fight the tyranny. These are zombies you're talking
about.
You're like a god compared to them. I'm very sad for them, but literally. Go out to an
anti-gun rally or go to a Democratic Party rally. Have a hidden camera, they're very
cheap now. But it's a public rally, so you're allowed to show people, even though they don't
know.
Make sure that you're a one-party consent state. But technically, if it's a public place
that can be hidden, but they still may try to charge you if you're not. Just type in
your state, your state's wiretapping laws. Only, I think, 14 of them say you can't tape
or videotape people without them knowing.
But again, that's not even in a public place, but the cops are arresting people that film
on the side of the highway. If you film cops in Illinois from your own car, they take you
to jail. It doesn't matter how many times the court throw it out. The point is, I think
everybody, to give a little lesson there on filming in public is such a free country.
You go out and go to their meetings and go, yeah, man, I think we ought to just arrest
all the libertarians and put them in a forced labor camp. And then they could be productive
part of the economy.
And I guarantee you, they're gonna say, yes, yes, do what Veritas Project's done, do what
we do, do what Mark Dice has done. I'm telling you, we've got to have a counter-offensive
against their counter-offensive and really go show who they are. That's what will bring
them down.
I mean, I've gotten video over the years of them saying they're gonna bring in world government,
they're gonna break up the family. Now they say it publicly. I wanna get your take on
all this 800-259-9231, 800-259-9231. And this is the big news up at infowars.com right now.
Big sis coordinating gun confiscations. And this also just broke at infowars.com because
an illegal alien had a unique cultural background. He's allowed to... Well, I'm gonna tell you
about this when we come back.
Ceramic body armor is rated to stop six hits. But what about the seventh? Unlike ceramic
or Kevlar, Infidel body armor is proven to take hit after hit, and it just won't quit.
Reasonably priced and designed for the smart civilian prefer. Infidel stops hundreds of
hits from small arms to high-powered rifles. That means safety and peace of mind. Buy yours
at infidelbodyarmor.com, spelled I-N-F-I-D-E-L, bodyarmor.com. Infidel body armor just won't
quit.
We the people grow cotton, we fabric, engrave ink, embed strips and fibers to protect from
counterfeit and carting to a private bank, having a lead back at interest, forcing taxes
to service debt. This capitalism or was Jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing
the public currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than a standing
army. Hi, Ted Anderson. I'm placing a free silver dollar in a book that explains our
monetary system. Call for your copy, 800-686-2237. It's time to understand the system. Call 800-686-2237.
That's 800-686-2237.
The coming financial collapse is real. The subsequent social unrest will happen, even
if you made it out of suburbia alive. Where would you take your family? Act now to secure
your survival retreat in the American Redoubt with the experts at survivalretreatconsulting.com.
The American Redoubt is the designated safe haven for all liberty-minded patriots relocating
to Idaho, Montana, and Wyoming. Get eyes, ears, and boots on the ground. Get professional,
confidential, discreet advice. Get survivalretreatconsulting.com. Call 208-627-2855. Save time, money, and stress
while you secure your ultimate survival retreat property now before it's too late. Water,
energy, food, defense. Survivalretreatconsulting.com. Survivalretreatconsulting.com.
In the last two years alone, the U.S. has seen huge losses to our food supply. In 2011,
storms and floods raged across the U.S., costing us $20 billion in lost crops alone. In 2012,
we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years. You may think out of
sight, out of mind, and so you don't think you will be affected. The fact is, you are.
We all are. Food shortages drive prices up for everyone. You might not be able to control
Mother Nature, but you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability
of your food supply with e Foods Direct. Be prepared before you need it with nutrient-dense
food you can store for up to 25 years. You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed
you. Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best, durable foods out there from
e Foods Direct. Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at efoodsdirect.com. And check
out their spring specials. Again, that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at efoodsdirect.com.
You can bet your life on e Foods Direct. We've lived in this neighborhood for years.
We have an alarm system and all of our doors have deadbolts. They kicked in our door and
were in and out of our house in about five minutes. The police arrived in about 20 minutes,
but they were long gone with our TV, jewelry, and my guns. I kept thinking, what if my family
had been home? The police officer said that more than 85 percent of break-ins are through
a door and that deadbolts alone don't stop intruders. The officer told me to go to easyarmor.net
if we wanted something that would actually stop an intruder. Easy Armor reinforces all
of the weak points on your doors and is guaranteed to prevent kick-ins. I was surprised at how
little Easy Armor costs, and I installed Easy Armor in about 30 minutes. Visit easyarmor.net.
That's the letters E-Z-A-R-M-O-R dot net. Or call 888-58-ARMOR. That's 888-582-7667.
Easy Armor dot net. Ultimate door security made easy.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are capturing it right now. During the break, out there on
the television, and you know with these new DVRs the last few years, you can just rewind
what was live. You've probably already seen it. They now have Pillsbury Doughboy ads where
the TSA gropes the Pillsbury Doughboy, and it is a bunch of fun to have this basically
done to him. Again, everything is acclimation. The TV shows, the radio, the mainline radio,
the print stuff. He loves it, too, when he gets scrubbed. Oh, he likes it.
Sir.
I'll get it together. I promise.
Look, the TSA's wearing like a police badge. Oh, going for it.
How many happier folks who save hundreds of dollars switch to Geico?
It's a Geico ad with a Pillsbury Doughboy? So I guess they're doing unified deals now.
I see more and more ads where they, it's like Predator versus Alien. And again, it's the
new sacrament in America to have your junk groped. John is saying that Rockefeller owns
Geico. Look into that. Look into the conglomerate that owns it.
By the way, up at infowars.com right now, illegal immigrant DUI killer ruled incompetent
because of his unique cultural background. A self-confessed illegal immigrant in Milford
Mass faces 15 years of found guilty of vehicular homicide. But it's a big if, as it stands
right now, Nicholas D. Gaughman has been found incompetent to stand trial because he doesn't
speak English and doesn't understand the American legal system.
And again, illegal aliens are allowed to drink and drive. They're allowed to, I mean, it's
on record where sheriffs arrest them and then the prosecutors let them go. Critics say he
had an accomplice, Massachusetts Governor Devel Patrick, Devel Patrick. And it goes
on to say that, well, he's basically above the law.
By the way, the Travis County prosecutor got arrested while drinking and driving. And she's
admitted to it up by the entrance to Steiner Ranch out by Lakeway. And I actually know
people that know her. And I mean, she sounds like she's not the sharpest knife in the drawer.
And she's like, I was having an evening. Yeah, I did. Reportedly, according to the witnesses
that called 911 on her, and then the cops that showed up, she was driving down the wrong
side of the road doing circles in a major highway, bombed out of her brain.
There it is, after drunk driving arrest, Travis County DA apologized and said she'll remain
in office. And I know people, one of my friends had some guys jump out of a car one time,
pull him to his house, get in his face, because they claimed that he cut him off. He can tell
the story later if he wants.
He didn't say I couldn't tell him, but I'm not gonna say his name, but he's a well-known
guy in Austin. And they jump out, get in his face, he gets back in their face, he's a big
guy, they run off and leave. And then his brother looks like him, and was probably more
well known at the time, because they both had celebrity jobs.
One's a country music singer, the other a champion rodeo guy. And this prosecutor, even
when there were witnesses and everything and hey, it's not my brother, it's me, was still
going to prosecute him. And didn't care, reportedly, until they had all these witnesses and everybody
that know this is the person.
And then they had to drop that anyway, because he hadn't even done anything. And the brother
had to go before the Travis County grand jury and said, I wanna speak to him. And went and
said, this prosecutor is crazy, this is my brother, this is me, this is my house, this
is my truck. My brother wasn't even in town when this happened, and they don't even care,
and the grand jury, no build.
And again, it's like the Michael Morton case up in Williamson County, it's world famous
now. He stayed in jail 20 something years, his wife killed, bloody bandana outside with
an ex-con killer's blood on it. And the prosecutor asked the state police, let's not do anything
with that.
And it kept the guy in jail, because a decade or so into his sentence, they had all the
DNA sample, had the DNA sample of the guy that had already killed, later had been arrested,
and didn't wanna test it. And then even when the DNA came out that it wasn't him, they
wanted to keep him in jail, a father with no criminal record.
It's like the more innocent you are, the more under the jail, I guess like the devil gives
them more lumps of sugar in their coffee when they burn innocent people. All right, we'll
be right back. But Warren Buffett owns Geico, yeah, that's what I thought, and that's Rockefeller,
yeah. So Geico teaching you that your children being groped is a good thing. Everybody should
boycott.
We're on the march, the empire's on the run.
Robo.
Alex Jones and the GCN radio network.
Groping Gecko. Proctology exam Gecko.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system,
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping
or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out Simply Safe. It's a new
do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to get simply safe
dot com. Simply Safe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power. So even
if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it
in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed. Get simply safe calm. Simply
Safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes. So there's no
need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take
the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home, but simply safe will stand
guard protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's get
simply safe dot com. Introducing pro wine. All of your filtration in one system portable
on the go. No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You
have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydro floristic acid. Advanced
manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced
media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the
only one that does it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo
code water. This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides,
herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine hydroflora salicic acid, the most common form
of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluoro silicate.
Get your pro pure with a new pro one filter today at info war store.com or by calling
888-253-3139. If you want an American company with American products made by Americans,
here is the Cal Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products
for years. These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut
oils that are earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091
for a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice
as good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Live from Austin, Texas, broadcasting worldwide,
it's Alex Jones. Monday through Friday from 11 a.m. until 2 p.m. Central Standard Time,
we're here back every weeknight, 7 o'clock Central with myself hosting the news, Jakari
Jackson, of course, David Knight, Leanne McAdoo, Rob Doo, did I mention John Bounds, so many
others, Darren McBreen, Paul Watson, you name it. By the way, Paul Watson believes he's
discovered the location of Bilderberg 2013 outside London. He lives now in London or
on the edge of London and so he's going to be covering Bilderberg 2013 in June. And who
knows if I will be parachuting into the confab. I mean that figuratively, ladies and gentlemen.
All right, I said I'd go to your phone calls. Here's some of the news coming up after I
do that, big sis coordinating gun confiscations. I think that's kind of important news. Illegal
immigrant, DUI killer, ruled incompetent because of his unique cultural background.
They're looking at just releasing him, they're reporting in the local news, saying that everything
wasn't in Spanish in Massachusetts. And so it's that fault. He didn't know he could drink
three times the legal limit and go kill some people. And when he drunks and drives, he
gets off and when the Travis County prosecutor does, she gets off.
She sounded so delusional. Can somebody find her on local news? I heard her on 590, our
local affiliate. They were playing club summer, she was going, I had an evening. I mean, let
me tell you folks, I don't drink a lot, but sometimes I'll go out to a party or an event
or a wedding. And it's hard to not drink a couple glasses of wine.
And then I will sit there and eat something, drink coffee and wait. Or find somebody there
and say, hey, take me home, just because they'll take you to jail for one beer in your body
now. If you drink a beer and get pulled over right then, that's over 0.8 or whatever it
is. I've talked to medical doctors about it.
And the bars are right there, everybody knows, everybody's drinking. And it's all selectively
enforced. I'm surprised this Travis County Sheriff's deputy did his job and arrested
this lady. But he'll have a terrible future in his, but I mean, they had to, she was driving
on the wrong side, doing circles in a major highway.
I mean, she's like, I had a little wine. I bet you did, lady. I mean, I bet you did.
I'd have to drink like four bottles of wine to be that drunk. My God, in the interview,
she sounds like she's had a lobotomy. I mean, I have heard it over and over in a local radio.
She's like, I had a little evening myself. You had a little evening. And I mean, I'm
just so sick of these people.
That lady, by the way, lets illegal aliens go every day. But when she gets a good fat,
let me tell you, that whole wealthy area by Steiner Ranch and down in Lakeway with the
$5 million houses, I go over there to see friends sometimes. And I wanna be out of there
by 10, cuz I've been pulled over, hadn't been drinking. I mean, it's like piranhas. Luckily,
you kind of passed that line back there, and I know I didn't.
And I hadn't been drinking. Mind if I search the vehicle? Yeah, I do mind. You're not gonna
establish your fake probable cause. Okay, staring in my car. I mean, good, go arrest
all your drunk bosses driving down the wrong side of the road. Leave me alone. Okay, leave
me alone, leave me alone. I mean, I saw a well-known cop drinking tequila in a restaurant.
And I looked at him. The guy probably weighed 250 pounds. Waddle out, go to a movie. I went
to the same theater. I watched him get out with his wife two hours later and drive off.
I didn't call the cops on him. Because I'm not a sick freak. I'm like, he probably has
a little alcohol in him.
But I mean, that doesn't do anything to you when you weigh 250 pounds. I watched him drink
a beer and two tequilas, probably all out of his system in two hours. But let me tell
you, most people would have called the cops on him. But my whole issue is I am watching.
Okay, I said I'd go to your phone calls. Man, I tell you, I wanna get your take on everything.
Guys, will you launch my phone system? I noticed at the start of the show it wasn't launched.
And I forgot to launch that. So I'll probably actually need the phone system to take calls.
But 800-259-9231 and we will get you up on air. We should have a flight check, like reboot
computer flight check. We actually do have one of those. Okay, call system is turned
on.
That's always important, check. Lights are turned on, check. Toilet paper is on toilet
paper roll, David Rockefeller roll. I don't even know what that joke means at this point.
So that is some of the news there. Okay, we're gonna go to your phone calls right now. Let's
talk to Steven in Florida. You're on the air, Steven, welcome.
Yeah, good afternoon, Alex. I wanted to comment on this video with Mark Dice that you're talking
about. But first of all, I wanted to ask you, you've just done a bunch of interviews with
Steve Pacinek, who is with Delta Force. And I just wonder if you have ever heard from
him or know yourself of anything about Dan Lear, who was also with Delta Force and his
intel that he's put out on the Internet.
You're talking about the son of the inventor of the Learjet fortune?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, here's the deal. I'm not knocking Lear, who says space aliens and stuff. I can't prove
all that, so I don't go there. Steve Pacinek is even more than who he says he is. And I
mean, he's really an interesting person on so many fronts. And so I mean, he really was
involved with Delta Force.
He really was in the Carter administration. He really was involved with Boykin. I mean,
I know the players. And I can look up news. I mean, you can go do a search on Pacinek
and Black Ops manipulated Reds in Italy to kill Prime Minister. I mean, just all sorts
of stuff.
Of course, Pacinek will never talk about any of that on air. But I mean, Pacinek really
did know Kim Jong Il. He really did know the father. He really did go into North Korea
last week. I mean, the guy went into North Korea last week. I mean, he's a spy. But he's
the old fashioned spy. And I'm not saying he doesn't even have other motives out there.
But overall, they don't like what he's doing. The CFR has been very threatening to him.
He's saying a lot of stuff is true on the air. So there you go.
The reason I ask is because Lear put forth something, and I agree with the other stuff
about people living on the moon and other planets and stuff. I don't go for that. But
he put something that I thought was very plausible considering the technology that the globalists
have like Bluebeam. And he stated that he knew that the planes that hit the World Trade
Center were actually holographic images. And they were timed from the doomsday plane that
was seen flying overhead at the same time when the explosions took place. I could believe
that that actually occurred. When you look at the video of the planes, it actually kind
of looks like they're being absorbed into the buildings rather than-
Here's the deal. The media always focuses, and I appreciate your call on that, because
that's what they want to debate. They don't want to debate the Carlisle Group meeting
with the Bushes on the morning of 9-11 with the head of the House of Bin Laden. That's
London Guardian AP. They don't want to discuss the hijackers trained at US bases, AP Reuters,
San Jose Mercury News. The head of the base went public and said, Colonel Butler said,
all I know is these guys are US agents. And then there's a cover up, and this is a double
cross. Did they land an aircraft at a NASA base with different tail numbers?
And then load the people off and then take back off that match the other tail numbers?
Yes. Does Operation Northwoods talk about that? Yes. Is Bluebeam real to be able to
project a 5,000 foot King Kong or Jesus or whatever they want in the hologram? Yes. But
I don't think they're going to go operational. See, I don't think that kids didn't really
die at New Haven. They like killing real kids. They clearly have some actors there to back
up the story as well.
It's a composite. Part of it's real, part of it isn't. That's very obvious. And that's
what the other declassified programs look like. They're going to kill real kids. They're
going to kill real people. Now, was it confirmed the towers are more than half empty that day
what they regularly were? Yes. Was it confirmed that basically most people got the word not
to go to work that day across the board?
Yes. So the media turns it into no Jews died conspiracy theory when there are a bunch of
Jews died in the World Trade Centers. See, it comes out, the buildings were half empty.
There's all these warnings. It's in local news. Yeah, we got warned not to go to work
that day, the day before.
Mayor Willie Brown comes out, San Francisco Chronicle. I got a call from Condoleezza Rice
told me don't fly to New York tomorrow. I mean, that came out September 12th. And then
he got told to shut up and wouldn't talk about it. See, nobody wants to, it said it's like,
oh, Jews.
And people go, you're covering up for the Jews. No, no, the media, when all this came
out about Willie Brown getting warned and all these other people and Arabs got warned,
that got confirmed. And some companies that did have Jews working out, some Jews got warned.
And all that came out, it's like, Jews. People say no Jews died to create a false conspiracy
theory. And again, I don't know exactly what happened on 9-11, but the official story is
a fraud.
I mean, look at how our government runs Al-Qaeda in Libya and Syria now and gave them 10,000
heat seeking missiles on record. And in a year or two years, when European and US or
English jet airliners get shot down by the heat seekers, it'll be buried in the back
of the news that our government gave them the heat seekers. And I'll be pointing out
all the reports we did, all the warnings, and it'll be, yeah, Fox News.
Yeah, Alex is that piece of garbage, or Glenn Beck will say, that says our government, our
firefighters did 9-11. That was the talking point a few years ago was Alex says the fire
department was in, I never said that. Alex says Jews did it, I never said that. You see,
I'm like, hey, they gave him 10,000 heat seekers, here's the mainstream articles.
This is terrible, remember this when it comes out, and I'll be here with the mainstream
articles when it happens. Go and see, I told you it'll be, shut up, you un-American piece
of garbage. I mean, I called Colonel Butler up, called information the day the news hit.
And I said, I'd like you to come on about how Muhammad had a train in your class. He
was the dean of the school and he goes, I can't talk to you, I'm getting threatened.
This, and I heard a woman in the background going, I told you and they told you, what
are you doing? Click, cuz they began the court martial of him the next day. They probably
had men in suits in their house right then.
Imagine the colonel, the head of the base is like five of the hijackers trained. Atta
was in my class, front row, for a year. Something's going on, the government's involved, we gotta
warn people. And I'll bet you bottom dollar, we ought to go try to find Butler, that's
kind of stuff gets you killed, cuz the credibility of that.
And by the way, San Jose Mercury News wasn't controlled. They reported it right after it
happened, was like September 15th or something, wrote a letter to the editor. The head of
the US Embassy in visa section, Springman, tells the Toronto Star, he goes, all I know
is we were told give them visas because the CIA was really controlling them and they weren't
really al-Qaeda.
See, you bring up these points and I said, I'd go to your calls. It's so crazy. Ladies
and gentlemen, crime syndicates. The New World Order is a global banking mafia. They are
a mafia. They have private hit men. These banks are bigger than most countries' GDP.
They have their own armies. They run the private intelligence networks. They can listen to
your phones.
They got 800,000 private contractors with subcontractor companies of the big banks that
listen to your phones. They administer the welfare checks. They run it all, they're the
government. They're dissolving the old government having a new privatized government, not privatized
for bids. These are no bid privatized.
And they are telling the police and military, prepare to arrest Christians in mass. That
broke last week mainstream news. And finally, the normalcy bias of the state police and
sheriffs in Colorado are like, you're teaching us that Christians are terrorists and we're
gonna have to arrest them in mass and there's gonna be a Christian uprising?
That sounds like Russia or something. What is this? Yeah, you better get up off your
butts, folks. The spirit of evil is moving across the country right now. Yeah, that's
Fox News, guys.
Pull up the one from Enfold Wars that links to the newspapers in Colorado. The headline
was state police trained to confiscate guns from Christians. Cuz that's got the letters
from the state police and others just freaking out going, what planet do we live on?
Well, I'll tell you, you live in authoritarianism. And again, I'm freaking out. I'm not even
having an anxiety attack right now. I just feel like I shouldn't even in a weird way
even be on air. I mean, I just can't even believe this anymore. That illegal aliens
are allowed to drink and drive and kill people.
And there it is, DHS funded course, ask cops and they will confiscate guns from Christians.
Colorado troopers trained to consider Christians as dangerous terrorists. I mean, now that
came out on April 10th last week, print that for me, thanks. And it just comes out, it's
like, yeah, and it's got the letters from the state police and people going, yeah, this
is really creepy.
God help me. And I'm telling you, the enemy is gonna come after us however they can. It's
by the grace of God, your prayers were even on the air right now. I mean, I just hope
you know, folks, I am directly at the gate of the dragon's den with a sword stabbing
him in the belly right now, okay?
And I'm little and I'm weak, but the idea is powerful. And my flesh isn't even afraid.
It's more like, I mean, I can't even believe we're in this situation. I can't believe everybody
else is just going around like it's normal. Every instinct I've got is just get my family
and get the hell out of here right now.
But I'm telling you, folks, that way is destruction. We've gotten in this position by, I'm not
gonna say anything. What will my neighbors think? I'm not gonna get involved. Let's talk
to David in Pennsylvania. Thanks for holding, David. Don't go to Danny, Ramon, William and
others.
David, welcome. Hey, Alex, how are you? I just am watching the fall of America. It's
like a Twilight Zone episode.
I hear you, I hear you. I started listening to you three years ago. And when I started
telling my neighbors and people about what you said, you know, they would think I was
crazy, a lunatic. But what's strange is a lot of people agree now that nobody seems
to want to do anything. I mean, I called my senator and I even called Martinez down there
when I saw that video on your website.
But what do we do? He's the Bloomberg Point guy here in Austin, Mayor Pro Tem. And it's
just the way he smiles at those good, decent, you know, look like heroes, those pro gun
guys that were there. Just look you in the eye, smart, look manly, just obviously good
guys got signs saying, you know, no to gun ban and they assault them and the cops act
like they're bad.
And then Martinez laughs at them and says, we're going to register your guns and then
we're going to take them. And just-
Austin City Council member, Hank Martinez.
Thank you so much. I've got a proclamation on the African American City Council that
we want to present, but I want to say a couple of words and I'll be brief. First of all,
ladies and gentlemen, it's time for attention. Someone needs to inform them that there is
no gun ban currently. But because of the work that we're doing here today, we will make
your side legitimate shortly. So you hold on to that.
And again, they cheer and while this is happening, a woman comes up and hits him with her, not
a complete fish. She had like, you know, her knuckles. It's almost like a monkey hits people,
a chimpanzee.
She throws her hand out and hits him with the middle of her fingers. And you could tell
he pops him and she pops him pretty hard. He turns around and another guy runs in. They're
like roaches. I mean, Martinez says that you want some attention, buddy? And they just
run in like roaches. I'm going to come back to you, call her. I'm going to come back.
Don't hang up, David. I want to hear what you have to say. And again, it's just there's
such flaming authoritarians and Martinez, if you don't see the video as a radio listener,
it's on info wars dot com. There's this craziness, this will get your guns because he sees us
as his food, as his property, introducing a 30 day emergency food supply for only ninety
nine dollars at 30 day food supply dot com.
You can purchase Oregon Trail Foods one month supply of high quality, nutritious and healthy
emergency meals for less than one hundred dollars. These vegetarian meals are natural,
high in carbs and protein and are packed with oxygen absorbers in mylar pouches. They take
up to 70 percent less space than number 10 cans, have a 20 year shelf life and huge portions
over twice the serving size of some competitors meals. Oregon Trail Foods and 30 day food
supply dot com keep prices low by buying direct from producers in Oregon and then pass the
savings on to you. Purchase a 30 day 90 serving emergency food supply for only ninety nine
dollars this month and ten dollars ships your entire order to the lower 48. Call 541-673-6666
or visit 30 day food supply dot com where they make preparedness affordable. 30 day
food supply dot com. Got it? Get it. Go to 30 day food supply dot com.
Breaking news. Harry Reid and the Democrats in the Senate are getting ready to pass a
sweeping new gun control bill that will take away your constitutional right to keep and
bear arms. Conservatives in the Senate led by Rand Paul, Ted Cruz, Mike Lee and Marco
Rubio have promised to do everything they can to keep this dangerous bill from becoming
law even if they have to filibuster it day and night. These principled leaders refuse
to compromise with President Obama. They have committed to fight the gun grabbing liberals
in the Senate but they need your help to succeed. You can support them by calling today. Please
call 1-800-996-4229 and sign the official Senate Conservatives petition to pledge your
support for the Second Amendment. This could be your last chance. So please call 800-996-4229
to support Senators Rand Paul, Ted Cruz, Mike Lee and Marco Rubio in the fight for our freedoms.
Please call 1-800-996-4229 today. That's 1-800-996-4229. Paid for by Senate Conservatives Fund which
is responsible for the content of this message. Not authorized by any candidate or candidates
committing, SenateConservatives.com. Now that we have moved into the winter season, there
is an increased need to support our immunity and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed
to meeting your needs by providing a full selection of silver based products. Our most
popular silver based products are the 32 ounce nano silver solutions, our 2 ounce nano silver
nasal applicators, as well as our all natural silver soaps. Just released is our 100% natural
silver gel. Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents which quickly
evaporate and leave the silver at the surface. But rather we have formulated our silver gel
using the natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish
the skin while delivering the silver more effectively. Visit www.silverlungs.com and
click on our store page to find what silver based products are best for you. That's www.silverlungs.com.
All right, Richard Belzer who's got a new book out. Just finished that we also sell
at info-war-store.com, Hit List, an in-depth investigation into the mysterious deaths of
witnesses to the JFK assassination. This is the most compelling evidence, cuz you can
make up stuff about magic bullets and stuff with ignorant people.
But what about all the people that were murdered? It's hundreds of them, more than 50 where
it's just incredibly obvious. I mean within weeks murdered to keep the official story
floating for a while. So that's gonna be coming up in about the eight after we're gonna take
calls right now. David, finish your point. I'm sorry, we went to that clip of the gun
grabber saying after we're registered, the work they're doing now, that you'll need your
sign, don't ban the gun.
So keep that sign, you're gonna need that. I mean, it's just incredible how disingenuous
most of them are. At least he was honest about the fact that he'll have armed guards, but
he won't. That's how they roll. But go ahead, David, make your point from Pennsylvania.
Well, the point I was trying to make is since they always turn it around on us, I mean,
how do we ultimately win? I mean, we keep talking and talking. And I agree with you,
the one who takes the first shot loses, but at the end, how do we turn this around?
Well number one, they're gonna stage stuff and say we took the first shot. They'll find
a federal building with a daycare again and blow it up. There's no doubt that was a federal
operation. I'm in the film and I endorse it, very powerful. It's got police officers that
were witnesses to the government operation who were death-threaded, living cops, not
the cops they were able to kill, like Terrence Yakey.
They got Mr. Browning, Don Browning, and others in there. And imagine the head of the K-9
unit, a Marine veteran of Vietnam, and he's told we're gonna kill you and your wife if
you don't shut up about what you saw, boy. One of the first guys to show up, how's that
sound?
I mean, you're right, we blew that up, buddy. Now you keep your mouth shut or you're dead.
And by the way, when I got him to talk about that first on radio and then in that film,
he was gulping on air when he did it. Because even a combat veteran is like, okay, because
he cares about the truth and those kids they killed.
You think it's fun doing this, folks? You think it's fun? All the egomaniacs and narcissists
out there that think they're patriots, who all they do is infight and stuff all day.
This is a life and death situation. This isn't a game. And they're gonna fire first by blowing
stuff up and saying we did it. That's why we gotta expose who really does the fought
fast and furious.
And of course they did Aurora, and of course they're up to their eyeballs. I mean, shooters
in the same outfit from nearby hostage team, SWAT teams, from nearby federal special unit,
local police who were federal special event police caught in the woods. It wasn't just
one, it wasn't just two, there were three of them seen, one of them arrested.
And then they tried to cover it up and say it didn't exist, even though it was confirmed
in the police reports and we have chopper video. Okay, I mean, we're in trouble, folks.
They grease little kids, boom, right in the head to get our guns. Isn't it obvious? I'm
sorry, sir, go ahead.
Yeah, you're right, it's unbelievable. But I'll stay in Washington again, my friend.
But you say, listen, you say locals that were laughing at you, they're not laughing anymore.
Well, listen, when they nuke a city or blow up a federal building and blame it on us,
your neighbors are really gonna listen if you've told them and given them a noble lie,
film at info war store.com. Get that film, show it to your neighbors so they understand,
okay?
Yes, sir, thank you.
Thank you, and imagine a veteran cop, Marine Corps veteran, combat veteran, he's on my
show. I'm like, all right, the film's coming out. And you talk about how the FBI came to
your office and said you and your wife would be killed if you didn't shut up. And he goes,
and he tells the story and I go, okay, go ahead and tell me the names.
Listen, there is a God and I'm in God's hands. You understand that? And that's why everyone
marvels at this show. No one can believe we're on the air. No one can believe this is happening.
How could Alex be real? Because it's impossible, because people can't handle their own fear.
Other media people can't handle their own fear. You understand, they can't imagine,
there are good police, there are good military, there are good people in media.
And it shows there's still good people in America that we're on over 150 AM and FM affiliates.
Okay, we can turn the tide, folks, but this is the most hardcore tyranny the world's ever
seen. We've got to fight it. You are listening to GCN. Visit GCNlive.com today.
A little over a year ago, I began to do a lot of research into why, even if I had a pretty good
sized meal, that I was still starving. And my research led me to a well-known fact that most
of the soils that we grow our crops on here in the United States and across the industrialized
world are almost completely depleted of almost all of the key minerals and trace elements that
our bodies need to rebuild themselves, fight off cancer and be healthy. I then searched out the
best vitamin and mineral company out there and discovered Young Jevity. The Young Jevity products
are designed to give you the real nutrition you need. And once you've got that, you don't have to
eat as much to be satisfied. I've lost 37 pounds in two months. Simply getting the vitamins and
minerals I need. Check it out for yourself. It's incredible. Go to Infowarsteam.com today and order
your first canister of Beyond Tangy Tangerine complete multivitamin mineral complex dietary
supplement. That's Infowarsteam.com. Waging war on corruption. Alex Jones on the GCN radio network.
Big Brother. Mainstream media. Government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network. And now live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
All right, let's continue with your phone calls and also get to you with Richard Belzer coming
up. If we give in to the bullies, they're going to take everything. The only chance is fighting
back. Have you figured that out yet? That's why they're going after whistleblowers everywhere
because that can bring them down. Let's talk to Danny and Tennessee. You're on the air. Danny,
welcome. Can you hear me okay? Alex? Yes, Danny. Hey, brother, man. I was wanting to talk to you
about what Billy Corgan had suggested to you, which you already have done it, but he was talking
to you about that you need to get in touch with people that had ancestors that had been able to
survive for the past few thousand years about like the Native Americans. Well, my ancestors
have survived pretty darn good and founded countries and Texas and you name it. And I do
agree. I want to get other groups and people on with their perspective. And that's the way to
reach out. And that's what I'm trying to do with my message across the political spectrum. Yes, sir.
Yes. Some of my ancestors were from Scotland. They were Jacob. I don't know if you know what that is.
Yes, I do. Okay. Well, what I was going to say was, oh, you had already done all this stuff with
Russell Means. You had already had the documentary that you had with Welcome to the Reservation and
all that you had had John Trudell on before. But what I was going to suggest to you was, Alex,
was just like what you were standing up for a break, where it was like kind of like a spiritual,
you're saying like spiritually, you know, it's like real heavy.
I mean, that's it. I can feel not just see it manifesting evil, like rushing out and like
possessing people. Almost people are getting crazier, meaner, more backstabbing, more like
delusional where people make up whatever they want to believe. I mean, it's just I mean,
it freaks me out. I see it on the highways. I'm sure everybody I talk to is seeing it.
Are you saying that? Definitely, Alex, definitely. But what I was going to say was when you was
talking to Billy, you was talking about like going up to that next mountaintop and how like
you're kind of like screaming into the side of the mountain right now with like your broadcast,
like, you know, not a lot of people are awake and can understand and hear. But if you recall back
to that first interview with Russell Means and anyone that's listening right now, you can you
can go to Alex Jones YouTube channel, listen to this. He has a playlist with Russell Means. Alex,
do you remember like how awesome that first interview was with Russell Means? Like how
much you had in common? Yeah, no, no, no. How the whole left hand writer controlled how it's what
Obama was going to do. It's like four years ago. And absolutely, people say Russell Means, he's the
big anti, you know, whatever. He's a guy that really grew a lot of courage with the big sieges
that wounded neither the rest of it. He was demonized by the Native American groups because
they were coming tell bro and jealous of him, basically. And I mean, nobody's perfect, but
I mean, I've talked a lot with Russell Means on and off the air. We went to the Dakotas to
interview him, and he was the real deal. And he's dead now, but his information lives on.
And he grew a lot and became a constitutionalist and libertarian and really transcended,
you know, kind of the fake leftism. But that's why they tried to cover all that up and assassinate
his name. And if they kill me, folks, that's the first thing they'll do is either try to
assassinate my character first, then kill me or imprison me or kill me and then assassinate
my character. Because, you know, money, you can get people to say anything you want.
And it doesn't matter. Just remember, you're good. You know what's good. You know the truth.
You are a good person. Stand up and fight tyranny. Don't let them trick you into infighting.
And also, and I just God has hit me probably being convicted because I've always, you know,
taken the high road with stuff. But sometimes I get a little nasty like Glenn Beck and stuff
and other things. I have just decided and totally been convicted. And for people that don't know
that, you know, that means like by God, not like convicted like of a crime that I need to just
absolutely turn it all loose and also redouble my efforts, but also just completely trust in God
and transcend all of the narcissism, all of the ego, all of it, because we need to all realize
how real all this is. I mean, this is so real, folks. And we're as bad as things are, we're on
the edge of just a cauldron of psychopaths and sociopaths and control freaks and weirdos that
want to run rampant in society. We'll be right back with more calls on our guest. Stay with us.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial law
have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result,
millions are stockpiling food, gold and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical
emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against
bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver has over
500 different uses and a long term shelf life, making it the number one choice of preppers
across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared,
go to supernaturalsilver.com. Use the promo code prepared for 20% off your entire order
and like us on Facebook. You may be arrested and or subject to other police action. Tyranny
is here. The grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality. It really says that the state
is God. The United States is now recognized globally as one of the most impressive police
states on earth. This film conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps
now being expanded nationwide. This documentary exposes how the continuity of government program
has established an old powerful shadow state. Police state four chronicles the sickening depth
to which our republic has fallen. Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship,
body scammers, sound cameras, citizen spies, stage terror and cameras on every street corner.
It's only the beginning of the new world order's hellish plan. The police state isn't coming.
It's here. Secure your copy today at info wars.com or see it online in the highest
quality at prison planet.tv. Introducing pro one all of your filtration in one system portable
on the go. No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You
have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced
manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics
advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the
only one that does it and out of the gates. We have it discounted at 10% off with promo code
water. This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides,
chloramines, ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your pro pure with
the new pro one filters today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
We now take you live to the Central Texas Command Center in the heart of the resistance.
Well, he's been in scores of different TV shows and movies, probably best known for law and order
special victims unit Richard Belzer. And I like getting him on because he's a funny guy. Plus,
you know, who else shows up to the show with Christopher Walken before it's like here's
Christopher Walken and then he sits down right next to him off the chart. But Walken just wanted
to talk about recipes, chicken recipes. And we're carrying his new book, which I think
one of the best JFK books out there. It just came out. It's available at info war store.com.
But the reason I think it's important is I've told people if we make a JFK film,
which I've been doing for eight years with footage, you kind of get obsessed with it
when you work on it and then never put out the final product. This is just so many
things to cover so much proof, debunking the debunkers. It's ridiculous.
But the biggest smoking gun is the hundreds of people murdered, tortured, killed, you name it,
who were witnesses or were connected to the JFK assassination. That's the real proof. You see,
it's like the gun control thing. You could hear the argument for background checks,
the argument for mentally ill people. The problem is the government wants the guns to control us.
They're buying billions of rounds of ammo. They're buying armored vehicles. That's the issue.
You know, Dianne Feinstein laughs and says, yeah, of course I'm gonna take the guns after
we register them. Mike Martinez in Austin, the city council says, yeah, we're gonna register
then confiscate. You go out and talk to Californians on the street, we've got the video.
It's up at info wars.com right now. They say, yeah, we need to arrest gun owners.
I mean, it's just this demonization like we killed the kids at Sandy Hook.
My whole point is if you have a military industrial complex,
the second amendment is the check and the balance on that.
That's my point. And I get real liberals who are like anti-war. I get not wanting
to kill things. I even used to be a big hunter. And I think if you butcher it and actually eat
it, it's good, but I don't just like to kill things. But I also think it's more humane to
go get a hamburger you just eat and then criticize somebody who actually goes out and butchers the
cow themselves. They tried to shut down Discovery Channel shows where it shows like Amish and people
that actually raise their own cattle and butcher them and everything. It's like, that's so mean
they killed the cow. Well, it's ten times more humane than how they kill them at slaughterhouses.
My point is, is that people say, you're liberal, you're anti-GMO. No, all the major GMO crops that
are cross species and have grow their own pesticide absolutely kill the rodents it's fed to.
And you look at what's happening to us. I'm pro common sense. But I didn't get
belzer on about gun stuff because I know he's in the kind of the middle of the road on that.
It's just all this stuff's happening up at prison planet.com and infowars.com right now.
Californian signs petition to ban and confiscate firearms. I keep harping on that because it
people need to know they're gonna take all the guns they have everywhere else.
Let's be honest about it. Obama supports supporters of competition to ban free speech.
A new article out with video of that happening. Obama supporters sign petition
to ban free speech. Illegal immigrant DUI killer ruled incompetent
because his unique cultural background. Republicans support gun bill as Senator
Warren's of loopholes. US backed FAS rebels decapitate and grill victim.
I'm not kidding. The UN always does that too. Type in UN grilling children. You'll get the
photos in newspapers. I'm not joking. Hacked photo show Colin Pallet Bohemian Grove.
Big sis coordinating gun confiscations. That's confirmed.
She's the one ordering the persecution of the vets. I mean, like their Jews in Nazi
Germany, folks, when they go after a group, you know you're in danger.
I'm gonna get into all that with Belzer and I promise William and Ramon and Chad and Nick and
Brendan all you were holding, but he can talk about any subject. We're not JFK for the first
20 minutes or so. Hit list an in-depth investigation into the mysterious deaths
of witnesses to the JFK assassination available at info war store.com.
It's just coming out. His last book on JFK became a New York Times bestseller.
It isn't about even the money with this. I mean, obviously, buying it from us funds
our operation, but books are a very small part of it. It's about having a tool to wake people up.
And again, this is my pet project. I didn't even tell Belzer this.
I think and I've told people privately and on air that I believe the murders of the witnesses
is the key. And a lot of JFK researchers also know that, but this book is extremely hard hitting
and extremely well documented. It's my favorite type of read with like factoid data pages,
every other page, showing what the globalist are doing, how they demonized
people that spoke out, how they killed them, just neurotically documenting everything,
the people that were killed, all of it. So they also assassinated people's character.
They didn't just kill people physically. And so joining us to talk about
Richard Belzer with David Wain hit list, an in-depth investigation into the mysterious
deaths of witnesses to the JFK assassination. He joins us now via video Skype. And good to
have you back on with us, Richard. Alex, it's great. I miss you. I haven't
spoken to you in a long time. I must say that your programming, your documentaries, your news
shows, those interviews have helped me in my research and I greatly appreciate it.
And I want you to always take care of yourself and stay safe, my friend, because we're,
as you say, we're trading in some dangerous waters now because a former FBI agent who I interviewed,
I won't name him, but he said, I have no theories. I just have facts. And that's why
I'm so proud of the last two books I did because I used to be a journalist. I've written novels and
you know, I'm a comedian. I'm an actor. I'm obsessed with the recent history of our country,
at least since World War One and what has happened. And I just want to read one quick
thing, if I may, Alex. History will not absolve us if we do not once and for all
reveal all that is known about the greatest, most tragic murder mystery in American history.
After all, 90% of the American people believe that there was a conspiracy to assassinate John
F. Kennedy. The other 10% work for the government or the media. This book is dedicated to the 90%.
May you forever question, hold accountable and improve the great gift from our forebearers,
what historians have called our experiment in democracy. Let us all join in this quest
to preserve the very soul of our nation. And I think, Alex, you are in this small brigade.
I hope it's getting bigger of just, I know you don't make anything up. It's the truth.
You know, that's why I don't write fiction anymore. Well, Richard, it's great having
you with us. And when I talk about the fact that this is dangerous, it's still dangerous for JFK
investigators and it's dangerous for journalists that talk to whistleblowers.
They're now arresting journalists, as you know, at record levels, government people
that report crimes are being arrested. This is a-
Yeah, there's a documentary coming out, I think this week, Alex, about Obama and how he is going
after whistleblowers in a really astounding way. And boy, you know, this administration is really
scary. I remember the unicorns and the rainbows when he came in and I'm glad that we elected a
mixed race person, but he brought in all the bad bankers. I wrote a piece in Huffington Post six
years ago called It's the Banks, Stupid. And I talked about reverse bank robbery. They're
robbing us. We're not robbing them. You know, in the old days, Dillinger during the Depression
would rob a bank. He was a hero. Now they rob us. And you're right to keep going back to the
banks, Alex. And I want to tell you something that was pretty chilling today. I was listening
to your show online and someone was talking about you're getting into the banks and all of a sudden,
beep, beep, beep, beep. This station is not available. Try again later. Now, you know,
people call me paranoid. And then for the last few days, my computer, the cursor is
going to places by itself. And- Oh, yeah, your computer's been hijacked.
Yeah, I'm hip. So, you know, that's why my friend Chris Walken, he doesn't have a computer. He
doesn't have a phone. He's not on any Google map. Now I'm realizing how smart he is.
By the way, I'm seriously discussing with my wife getting computers completely out of the house
only coming into work to use them. Yeah, that's a good idea. At the very least,
tape the camera on your computer. Always keep that taped.
Oh, yeah, they used to call a conspiracy theorist 10 years ago about that. Now they just
admit it. You're absolutely right. Why do you think the corruption is just getting so out of
control even compared to what it was? Or is it that we just know about the corruption now?
No, I think it's a sinking ship and the rats are panicking. They have had mass mind control on us.
They lied us into World War I and every war thereafter. Germany didn't lose World War II.
They just changed their headquarters from Berlin to Washington. The Dulles brothers helped the
Harrimans, the Bushes, Jack Kennedy's father, every rich family. When Teddy Roosevelt had all
this antitrust stuff going on, all the richest families in America all put their money in Germany
in the 20s in part causing our depression because they thought, hey, they're union crushing and you
can have monopolies. Then Hitler came in and they still supported Hitler, but then he got a little
out of hand, so they had to really go in. But you know, we didn't declare war on Germany. He declared
war on us. Hitler was standing in Paris in 1940. We still were not at war with them. It's very,
you know. No, that's right. When Japan declared war on us, he had a treaty and he declared war on
us. Yeah. And he didn't even, he wasn't even, that was really an, it's chilling to think if he
didn't, how far he would have gotten because General Motors was building trucks for him
throughout the war. Standard Oil was helping him throughout the war. No, that's why he's so arrogant
or was so arrogant. And that's what people don't know. In 1939, they had Time Magazine saying what
a great man he was. My grandfather growing up in Dallas, they used to translate on the major
Dallas station's Hitler speeches like the president was speaking when he grew up. Oh yeah. When he
when he grew up in the mid thirties in Dallas, Hitler was like a celebrity. That is astounding.
Wow. But I'm not surprised. You know, I'm shocked, but I'm not surprised. No, Alan
Dulles and his brother, John Foster Dulles, they were, they started their careers at the
Treaty of Versailles when they chopped up Germany into 18 different places and broke up, you know,
regions that were normally were together, just setting the stage for World War II.
That treaty, I mean, I'm not a fan of the Nazis. None of us are. No, no, absolutely. But it shows
there's a larger hand above it all playing us off against each other. Richard Belzer, stay there.
I want to get into the book and some of the killings of witnesses. I mean, why are these
people getting killed that were witnesses if there's nothing to cover up? I mean, it's amazing.
We'll be right back with Richard Belzer. Get the book at M4 store.com.
Hey there, my name is Frank Bates. Do you know the number one most valuable item in a crisis?
Some people think the answer is gold. Others think it's a gun. But the correct answer will
shock you. I just created a free video at crisis123.com that reveals a surprising item
that is more valuable than gold in a crisis. 97% of Americans don't have this one critical item.
In fact, they haven't even given it a thought. And the sad truth is that you may not survive
without it when a real crisis hits and a starving mob is right outside your door.
But I have to tell you could literally make the difference between life and death
for you and your family. Watch my video at crisis123.com
to discover the number one most valuable item in a crisis. You'll be shocked. See the controversial
video that thousands of other smart patriots have already seen in the last three months.
Go watch my video now at crisis123.com before they forced me to shut it down.
Again, that's crisis123.com.
hempusa.org has a revolutionary wonder food for detoxing the body and rebuilding the immune system.
Micro plant powder can help unclog arteries and soften heart valves while removing heavy metals,
virus, fungus, bacteria, and parasites. Plus it cleans and purifies the blood,
lungs, stomach, and colon. Keep your body clean with micro plant powder.
Order today at 888-910-4367 or visit hempusa.org.
Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered why banks, stock workers, investment advisors
won't talk about gold IRAs? They've been available since 1986, yet the financial industry won't
recognize the value of gold for your retirement. Gold is outperformed paper investments, yet no
word about IRAs. If you would like to have gold for your retirement, call 800-686-2237. Don't get
left behind by rising inflation and low returns, call 800-686-2237. Secure your future and call
1-800-686-2237. In the last two years alone, the U.S. has seen huge losses to our food supply.
In 2011, storms and floods raged across the U.S., costing us $20 billion in lost crops alone. In
2012, we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years. You may think out of sight,
out of mind, and so you don't think you will be affected. The fact is, you are. We all are.
Food shortages drive prices up for everyone. You might not be able to control mother nature,
but you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply
with e Foods Direct. Be prepared before you need it. With nutrient-dense food, you can store for
up to 25 years. You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you. Do what I've done and get
your own supply of the best durable foods out there from e Foods Direct. Call 800-409-5633
or visit them on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex and check out their spring
specials. Again, that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex.
You can bet your life on e Foods Direct. Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes,
floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial law have highlighted the need for Americans to
prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons. But how will
these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate
tool to prepare you for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic
that is uniquely effective against bacteria, viruses, moles, and fungus, and is remarkable
for wound care. Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it
the number one choice of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new
technology can help you be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com. Use the promo code
PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
This is from the Groove Tube, a movie that Richard Belzer starred in. I bet you recognize
that music, Richard. Actually, that was my first film. That's very hippie or programmer there.
Again, you've got the new book out. I want to get into a bunch of world issues with you.
Attack on Iran may trigger World War III. Iranian Envoy is saying that's up at Infowars.com,
directly from Press TV, the official Iranian news agency. The word I'm getting from high-level
sources is that now North Korea is the diversion for a strike on Iran. So things are heating up
quickly. Let's get into the book though, because you profile a bunch of the people that were
murdered to cover up what they knew about JFK. Let's talk about Hit List, your new book.
Sure. We got it down to 50. There are some researchers that go as high as 300,
but you have to account, some people are just going to die that were involved in the murder.
So we try to narrow it down. And as you know, I'm glad you like the style of our book because
we tell you what the official verdict is, then we tell you the actual circumstances,
then the inconsistencies. It's heavily footnoted. You show photos, documents,
admissions. You're not just saying this is your opinion. It's almost like a court case.
Yeah, this is in the history section, which I'm very proud of, as was my last book.
It's not fiction or to be taken lightly. The list has on it, Officer Tippett, Oswald Ruby,
Zangretti. There's even one on here who was thought to be involved, but wasn't.
So we straighten that out. That was Karen Kopcina. But if there's any particular one you want,
some of them were people that predicted, don't believe it if you hear I commit suicide.
People had their right side of their head shot and the guns in their hand, they're left-handed.
People die of karate chops, one car accidents, electrocution.
Yeah, no, it's like Gary Webb saying they're breaking in my house. They're threatening to
kill me. My new book's coming out. I'll never commit suicide. He shoots himself
twice in the head and the police instantly say it's suicide.
I know Gary Webb and Danny Casolaro, people that get really close, you know, it's frightening.
But you know what's interesting is because of the Internet, 1984 goes both ways now. So
they may be watching us, but we're certainly watching them too.
You also cover what they did to Oswald and that he was CIA.
I mean, right there, they executed him on TV to cover it up. I mean, boom.
That's mind control. You know, when you can explode the president's head in broad daylight
and then shoot the guy who supposedly shot him on live television, that affects the collective
unconscious of the entire nation. That was a message. And boy, did they send it. They
got away with it. Yeah, Oswald, you know, it's interesting when Nixon, the reason Nixon was
ousted was not what we've been told. Nixon threatened the CIA that he was going to have
the FBI investigate the CIA about the Bay of Pigs thing, which Haldeman said is code for
the Kennedy assassination because Hoover, you know, Oswald was working for Hoover.
Yeah, that's even come out on the tapes. He wanted to actually he was a bad guy, but
Nixon actually wanted to be president. And it's like, you know, the Bay of Pigs boys.
You don't want to go there. That's Jack Kennedy threatening him with that. And the establishment.
Really, buddy? Really? Well, JFK threatened them and they exploded his head. So Nixon should have
known better. Keep going. They learned that the CIA had broken their charter and were getting
into things like the Bay of Pigs and Vietnam, which weren't covert operations. We ran 2.6
million troops through Vietnam. That's not covert. So Kennedy knew that the generals and the CIA
were just, you know, really out to get him. That's right. Prior to the stage Gulf of
Tonkin in 64, millions of people were rotated in as advisers. And how many tens of thousands
died? But they're not counted to the official war tally. That's right. They say 56,000 or something.
But there are more than that because you don't count the years that we were going in and
sabotaging and doing all that stuff. Plus the million plus some people say three million
women and children, Vietnamese non-combatants. Now this is dark stuff. That war was clearly
a money-making war. When Kennedy was saying he wanted peace and dtente, these guys just
said, uh-oh. Oh yeah, they still have Vietnam war going if we stood for it, literally.
Yeah, they made so much money there. And, you know, that was Eisenhower, Nixon. No one,
it's like Truman. You know, everyone thought Dewey was going to win. And then Truman comes in.
Truman didn't want the CIA. I hate Truman, by the way, because he dropped bombs unnecessarily
on Japan, but he did do a couple of things that were pretty lucid. He didn't know that there were
two CIA's. The Dulles brothers are running something out of the State Department and the
regular CIA was trying to, you know, really catch or, you know, do their job. And when Truman found
out about it, he just, his hands were tied. Absolutely. In fact, that's true. That's why
I've always said the real, the real CIA is in the State Department. And then Patchenik's like,
no, Alex, no, it's not actually him now. We'll be right back with Richard Belzer.
Stay with us. Riveting information.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans,
here is the Cal-Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for
years. These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that
are earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free
catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs.
This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real
soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free
catalog. You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms. But if you don't have a home security
system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're
sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Well, you're going to have to
come home. Who's watching out for intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new do it yourself home
security system that is completely wireless. Go to getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is independent
and off the grid. It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit,
or shed. Getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20
minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate,
you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe
will stand guard, protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again,
that's getsimplisafe.com. I had tried everything. I'd cut back the amount of food I was eating.
I was lifting weights and jogging, but nothing was working. My body was literally starving for
minerals and trace elements, as well as key vitamins. And as soon as I had that,
I immediately could eat half of what I was eating previously and be satisfied.
Now there are hundreds of great products at infowarseteam.com, but I want to point out the
three that have helped me lose 37 pounds in just two months. Products like Beyond Tangy Tangerine,
Holland Burst, and Rebound. When I started taking the Tangy Tangerine and other products every day,
I lost more than 37 pounds in just two months. Now that's results. I want to challenge my
listeners to go to infowarseteam.com and to order just three of their products.
And you will see the changes in the way you look, feel, and in your appetite almost immediately.
Start your journey to health and wellness today. Infowarseteam.com.
There's a need for a new world order, but it has different characteristics
in different parts of the world. Live from Austin, Texas, broadcasting worldwide, it's Alex Jones.
All right, we'll take some of your phone calls here with Richard Belzer. I want to get a little
bit more into the book. Everybody really should read it. It's available at infowarseteam.com,
or you can call toll free, 888-253-3139. And you may think you know a lot about JFK.
This really shows you all the people they set up, they killed, they demonized. It's a very,
very important book, Hit List, the new book just coming out by Richard Belzer with David Wayne.
Now expanding on all this, the head of the Italian Supreme Court, their chief justice,
their CIA head has also come out and said that the West, that NATO has a terror group that stages
terror attacks, and that they've used right wing communist terror, Muslim terror as a pretext to
take everybody's rights. And that quote, the Bilderberg group is calling the shots and then
he has proof. This is in the biggest Italian newspapers now. So my point is, is that no
wonder the media is not supposed to report on Bilderberg over these years. That shows how
important it is. Now that it's been forced out, Glenn Beck's like, Alex Jones shouldn't talk about
Bilderberg. That's kooky. They don't run anything. I'm not even here to bash Glenn Beck. He does some
good work. I wanna unify everybody. My point is, he won't even talk about him and makes fun of
people. That's because they're at the top of the pyramid. But Richard continuing, let's get into
some of the most important- Can I just say one quick thing, Alex? The Muslim Brotherhood are
Nazis. They're not neo-Nazis. Allen Dulles convinced the Saudis to take them in after World
War II- Sure. Because the Arabs were pro-Nazi. And the Grand Imam and all of it. And they all
went to Saudi Arabia and guess what they did? They started the Madrasas. No, no, no, our government,
you're absolutely right. I love it when somebody knows history. There was a scandal 15 years ago,
the Washington Post reported. We were still paying hundreds of millions a year all over
the Muslim world to pay for schoolbooks that said kill America. To this day.
But you know, they're real Nazis. It's not like neo, they're second generation Nazis.
Well, no, no, I mean, it's Raiders of the Lost Ark. They create the next group of opposition.
That's why they're putting the Muslim Brotherhood in everywhere. And that's Obama.
Well, it's just a formula that they always use. Obama is just, presidents are part-time workers.
Exactly. That's why it takes off. It was like four months out of the year now.
Now, now stopping right there, Richard, let's get into some more of the cases in the book.
Sure. I think, you know, number one in the book is Tippett, who was very mysterious.
You know, we found out that he worked for an intelligence unit in Dallas. He wasn't supposed
to be where he was. It's very fishy. Oswald did not shoot Tippett. You know, the officer on the
scene marked the shells at the scene. And then when he went to see the exhibits, there are
different shells there. So, you know, it was a different gun. And Tippett was seen having
breakfast with Oswald. He's a very fishy character. And we trace all his movements,
which are very suspicious. He had no business being where he was. He was also seen with Ruby
and, and Oswald. And a lot of people don't know that a lot of local police departments are
infiltrated by military intelligence. Oh, massively.
And so, and number two is Oswald, who, you know, had an FBI number. He's getting $200 a month from
the FBI. Hoover was so interested in Oswald that in 1959, he wrote a memo saying, someone's using
Lee Harvey Oswald's ID while he's, you know, overseas trying to buy trucks for Cubans. You
know, like it's just been there. Ruby was a witness for Nixon in 1947.
You know, a lot of people say he was low level, but I think that's a cover. If you look at what
he really did, it's almost like he was a operational commander who, and then of course,
that's who they burned to get Red to burn the whole thing down. They do that a lot.
Yeah, that's a good point. They paint a picture of Oswald as a lone nod and kind of inarticulate,
but they're, they're, they're at least two Oswald's that's goes without saying.
And Oswald was recruited as a child or as a teenager. I mean, this guy was.
Some theories about that. Well, yeah, he was a fake defector. When he was a young, you know,
they sent like 18 or 19 Marines and army over to Russia to pretend they were defecting.
Russia knew about each and every one of them virtually.
Sure. But his recruitment, even into the military, if you go back and look at it,
had all these connections as well. I mean, they, they, he was.
I'm not surprised, but Hoover, that's why Nixon went to Hoover because he could blackmail the CIA.
But the CIA was also using Oswald. So it got really, really sticky and messy for both agencies.
And Oswald was supposed to be taken out in the, in the movie theater. And he wasn't, you know,
so they had to get, well, you know, that story. Well, McVeigh got mad about them wanting him to
blow up the Oklahoma city building. And he said, no kids, you know, no women, no kids like Tony
Montana. He was special forces and it's the same deal. So they set him up. I mean,
And Ruby is, you know, just the dirtiest. He was an informant in 1947 for Nixon for a crime
commission. He ran drugs and guns through Cuba. You know, he put in a ton of money just before
he went, not a ton, but you know, like 17 or 18 grand or something. You know, the timing of it
was impeccable. He knew he was going to be murdered. You know, he said, and then they gave
him this fast acting cancer. The CIA, as you know, Alex, can kill us in so many ways. So that's why
you have to be really, really careful. I mean, they could walk by you and just spray some
aerosol and it's over. So, you know, they have, they have a, an ice, they have a gun that shoots
bullets that are made out of ice that looked like a period. So small that goes in and kills you and,
you know, melts. And, you know, unless you're a genius forensics guy, you don't see that tiny,
tiny hole. Anyway, you know, so the tippet. Speaking of tippet, to use a pun,
the tip off they've killed somebody is when they immediately say no foul play,
immediately say it's suicide or Breitbart's not even cold. And they're saying, oh no,
heart attack. You know, 45 minutes after he's put into the hospital. I mean, it's,
that's when you really know is when they immediately come out with the official story.
Go ahead. Yeah, exactly right. That was, it's really fishy when, you know, I mean,
they got Oswald what, 17 minutes later and had descriptions of him in New Zealand. Like,
you know, he wasn't on the watch list. He was, but they didn't tell Dallas police. You know,
it's very interesting because people don't understand there are elements within the Dallas
police that had no knowledge of anything. There are elements that did, elements within the CIA
and, you know, and like Grant Stockwell, you know, a big former ambassador to Ireland
who fell or was pushed from his office window on the 13th floor of the DuPont building in midtown
Manhattan, Miami. And they called it suicide. But you know, it's in like, two reporters,
this is a good point. And I mean, I don't mean that in a light way, but Jim Coth and Bill Hunter
were two reporters who were in a room where it was openly discussed prior to the murder of Kennedy
about killing Kennedy at this Cuban woman's house. They happened to be there. Okay. Coth victim
surprised a burglar and burglar killed him. Hunter, accidental shooting by a police officer.
So those are two reporters that they just took out because they heard foreknowledge. One of the
saddest, I think, is Dorothy Kilgallen, who, you know, people know from What's My Line, but she
was a tough old broad in a true, respectful, non chauvinist sense and was a really good reporter.
And she was the only person that got in to talk to Ruby by herself. There were reporters,
some people said, oh, a lot of reporters were there. No, she got in a room with him alone.
She told her agent, her best friend and two other people, she has all this explosive information.
She's going to blow the lid off the Kennedy case. And word got out. So Hoover started demonizing
her. And she said the FBI would be, had their time better spent, you know, investigating who killed
our president than, you know, harassing me, you know. And so anyway, she- Now that's the
demonization I was talking about. Keep going. Exactly. And she dies in bed with all her makeup
on, you know, her eyelashes in a book on her that she already read. Her reading glasses were nowhere
on site. They said she, you know, OD'd on barbiturates. There were three different kinds
of barbiturates in her. She didn't, you know, they, but they said she, you know, she committed
suicide or accidentally ingested barbiturates. They murdered her. Her best friend, who she
gave, you know, who knew all about it, she died like a day or two later. You know, it's like David
Ferry and that doctor he was working with. They were whacked within 48 hours because Ferry was-
And by the way, everybody that serves the New World Order should understand this.
They always end up getting rid of the people that do the dirty work. You're fools.
You're absolutely right. Virtually everyone,
populace obviously included, is expendable to these people.
Except E. Howard Hunt. And they probably wish they had killed him now.
Well, you know, it's the irony of that. I'm sure you've had St. John on, right?
Yes. The son who he confessed to,
and then he rallied and didn't die. He literally made a deathbed confession,
and then he somehow lived a little longer, and then he had a recant.
That guy was tough. His whole story, most of it's classified, but what we know,
really, really wild guy. I mean, a sniper in World War II, the whole nine yards.
PsyOps guy, really dark. You know, he had his ears operated on because, you know,
ears are an identifying- After, yeah, he got picked up at the railway
station. Tell folks about that. Yeah, well, you know, there's a guy who
looks remarkable, the so-called tramps who were, for tramps, had new shoes on and were clean-shaven
and were strolling cows- St. John Hunt remembers seeing that when he was a kid,
hanging up in a phone booth when it came out and thinking, seeing, oh, Dad.
He didn't even read that it was like, here's the tramps. It was a JFK seminar or something.
That's right. It was a flyer. He goes, oh, Dad. And he
immediately saw his dad. Yeah. That's right. So as you know,
Spotlight Magazine wrote that Hunt was involved in the Kennedy murder. He sued them. They went
to court. The magazine won. The jury believed that Hunt was involved in a conspiracy by the
government to assassinate the president. That's a jury trial, you know, but he had his ears
operated on so that by the time of the trial, so that, you know, he could maybe
disguise his appearance. That was pretty, you know, lame, actually.
And again, this is important because they just go, aha, the crazy people
that think Kennedy, you know, was killed by more than one shooter, aha.
Have you been saying there's a new world like 17 years, you know, now people thought you were
crazy. And I've been railing about Kennedy since, you know, the 70s. And people roll their eyes at
me. But now, you know, 90% in the average poll, as you source in your book, know that it was
a conspiracy. So this is a victory for the truth. Even what do you think of Tom Hanks and all these
people trying to resuscitate Humpty Dumpty? I'm going to tell you a story about this.
I was at my friend Martin Short's house a couple of years ago, not to drop names.
No, every year he has a Christmas party and every major celebrity is there. You know,
it's a fun thing. And then Paul Shaffer or someone will go over to the piano and will sing and
it's private. It's really cool. And Tom was there. This is about, I think, two or three
new years ago. And I knew that he was going to, I read he's doing a 10 part series for HBO
about the Kennedy assassination. And then I read, he said, oh, the conspiracy theorists
are going to be upset with me. So I went over to him at this party and I don't usually do this,
Alex, but I know Tom and I like Tom. I said, Tom, as a friend, I'm telling you, do not do
this documentary. He said, well, I'm basing it on Vincent Bugliosi's book. I said, Tom,
that was a prosecutor who had, you know, who did a steroid version of the Warren Commission.
It's all false scholarship and the narrative is going to be an embarrassment. And that money would
be much more well spent on other things, you know, like the vets or kids or, you know what I mean?
Like millions of dollars to do 10 hours. Oswald did it. I just felt, you know, I'm paraphrasing,
but that's essentially what I said to him. And then I explained to him why it was physically
impossible for Oswald to even have fire to shut. You know, he's having lunch on the first floor.
He went to the second floor. I mean, I don't want to get into the minutia, but I really wanted Tom
not to do this, not to embarrass himself, not to misinform the public because he's a beloved guy.
So time passes. I bumped into him at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame dinner backstage. He's got two
security guys with him. And I just went over to say hello and he sees me. And this is the first
time since the New Year's Eve party. And he comes over and, you know, we embrace and he goes, hey,
Bells, don't worry, I'm on the case. And he scurries off, which he has never done to me.
We always talk and joke and, you know, and just so, cause he thought I was going to ask him what's
happening with the Kennedy thing. So, I mean, I love Tom, but he's now he's doing a movie.
He's learned part of his lesson. He's not doing a 10 hour documentary anymore. He's doing a feature
film about that day in Dallas and how it affected people. But it's gonna, you know, it's gonna
reinforce this myth that- But the myth is so, I mean, if half the public thought the government
killed Kennedy, it might work. He's really gonna hurt himself with this. Absolutely. Especially
now, because Alex, it's the 50th anniversary. There's dozens and dozens of books. And I so
appreciate you talking about my book because we really try to, you know, get through- No,
I agree with your strategy. I mean, the killing of all these people is just ridiculous. I mean,
they're covering it up. That's the evidence of the crime right there. If a cop pulls up
and sees you look at them paranoidly running your house, that becomes almost probable cause.
Well, when you've got piles of dead bodies and evidence of like someone shoving something in
their pants, I mean, this is very suspicious. Yeah, it's terrifying, but you know what?
A reasonable suspicion is the word, go ahead. Yeah, but you know, Thomas Jefferson and Adams,
they were talking about if the electorate, if the people are not informed, then the country
doesn't have any reason to- They said the great object is that the whole of the electorate be
informed and educated about the way the world works, to paraphrase it, and then tyranny will
vanish like phantoms at dawn. Exactly right. And you know, it's amazing that over 200 years ago,
these guys predicted what could happen because, you know, they designed it where the country's
a pyramid, but it's inverted. In other words, the people are at the top and the elected officials
are at the bottom because the people are supposed to- Now they flipped it. So the elite now,
that the, you know, and it gets fewer and fewer, which is really why I think we're making-
Oh, you've seen how they're killing all these oligarchs and taking the money of the billionaires
and, I mean, they are just looting the hell out of each other. And then it turns out the billionaires
that robbed them aren't exempt. I mean, it's just good old fashioned mafia. And when good people
give into corruption, it just invites more. I don't know- That's right. A lot of good people
though are seduced into something thinking they're doing something, you know, for national security
or, you know, but they're really fronting- Oh no, when I've been approached, you know,
off record about big media jobs, they're like, Alex, globalism is real. We're lifting up the
third world. And yeah, there is a new world order. We've got to lead the world. And Alex,
the Federal Reserve cares. And how would you like to make 15 million, 20 million a year? How's that
sound? You know, I mean, but that's how they come at you is you're going to be a good guy.
But I'm sorry, I've looked at this tree's fruits, Richard. It is not putting out good fruit.
You know, you and I both were inspired by this book.
Don't dare call it conspiracy.
Yeah, I read that. Look at my copy. It cost a dollar. That's how old I am.
No, that really blew my mind.
Hey bro, let's take a couple of segments of calls straight ahead. They're all over the map,
but I promise I'm going to get to Brendan and Richard and Nick and David. The new book is out.
It's hit last. And it's available at info war store.com right now and bookstores everywhere.
Stay with us.
Order the Berkey light system today complete with two black Berkey elements for only $231.
And the Berkey guy will ship your order free of charge with the purchase of a Berkey light. The
Berkey guy is also offering a set of fluoride and arsenic filters for only $39.99. That's over 30%
off the retail price. Call the Berkey guy at 1-877-886-3653. That's 1-877-886-3653.
Or order online at go Berkey.com. That's go Berkey.com today.
Hello, I'm Alex Jones, myself, my family, the info wars.com team want to relay to you and your
families that we are intensifying our efforts against the globalist on every front info wars.com
is leading the fight against the technocrats. But we can't do that without your help. By getting
the films bumper stickers and t shirts and info wars.com you will wake up people in your area
and support our operation as we move to the next level. We need your help to spread the word like
never before. They wish to hide themselves during this tectonic battle between the forces of freedom
and darkness. You are the response to the globalist technocrats and their program of global eugenics
dehumanization and ultimate extermination. The war is here. It's an info war, the spirit of 1776
versus the mindset of 1984. Hello, this is Ty Bollinger, author of the best selling book
cancer step outside the box. I want you to know some very important information. In 1985,
President Ronald Reagan requested that Carnivora be sent directly to the White House at a time when
only the president could obtain this world class healer. Now, 27 years later, Carnivora capsules
are used around the world to keep people healthy. Now you can protect yourself and your loved ones
in this age of superbugs with 17 naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond
to abnormal cells only without harming a single normal cell. If you want to stay healthy, now's
your chance to literally wake up your critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders that don't
belong in your body. Call 1-866-VenusFly or order from Carnivora.com. That's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A.com.
That's 1-866-836-8735, 1-866-VenusFly or visit Carnivora.com. Protect your immune system. It's
the only one you've got. All right, these will be all over the map. Some of them have been holding
patiently since before Belzer joined us. You know, folks, I don't push something unless I believe in
it. And I think you should get the book at Infowarsstore.com, hit list. You think I'm
sick of JFK, I'm not. A book like this, I went through this in two nights reading it. And even
learned some stuff I didn't know, went and looked up some facts. It's very scholarly with David
Wayne, available at Infowarsstore.com. When you buy books, videos, t-shirts, all that at the site,
you fund our operation. Don't forget Infowars Nightly News. You can get 11 memberships for $5.95
a month and give it to your friends and family. Big Nightly News. You know what, I've got to go
even into more overdrive because we've got a big ammo shortage rationing report a week in the
making that David Knight finished. You know what, I'll premiere it on the Nightly News tonight and
play it on the radio tomorrow. So I'll do that. That'll be tonight, 7 o'clock. Right now, let's
talk to Brendan. I want to talk about guns, Mark Dyson, Bilderberg. Go ahead, Brendan,
you're on the air. No, that's all right. That's what I was calling you to give out, but it's an
honor to talk to Richard. I actually am holding in my hands a- Can you hear me? Yeah, I'm sorry,
they forgot to turn him up to the guest room. It's not turned up properly there.
He said it's an honor to talk to you, Richard. Go ahead, call her.
Yep. And actually, I'm holding in my hands a red Freedom t-shirt from Infowars store that was
signed by a comedian, Bill Burrow, who was in my restaurant last week. And it just made me think
that it's an honor to talk to Richard and I wish more people would come out and talk about
the things that they know in their hearts and are watching. So I talked to Bill Burrow-
By the way, there are subtle ways they put- Can you do that a little more, please?
Sorry. No, it's all right. Yeah, no, people a lot of times call in and they talk about
like small talk and stuff, and that's great, and I appreciate your support. Do you have a question
for Richard Belzer? How do you think we can turn on more people? I mean, maybe not Christopher
Walken. How do you think we can reach out to more celebrities who are willing to talk about
being awake and the things that are actually happening and not the mainstream media?
That's a great question, Brendan. Thank you so much, and God bless you. They're from Wisconsin.
Yeah, great question. Thanks, Brendan. Well, the problem is a lot of celebrities are terrified
to take an extreme position unless it's like on the environment or something, and that's not a
slam or- But if we have extreme tyranny, there's got to be an extreme response,
as Barry Goldwater said. Yes, and I think that your show is growing actually daily,
I would imagine, and weekly, and your brilliant idea of having people get access information,
then turn on 50 other people, and it's like with my books, people tell other people,
it's like it really is we the people. I mean, somehow the elites have kind of
demonized the common man, which would make Jefferson puke. He admired the common man,
the hardworking man. I'm not being patronizing on it. No, no, it's true.
It's not class warfare. It's who we are. This is an amazing, open-hearted,
multi-ethnic country that was a great idea, and slowly but surely, the International Banking
Cartel, we didn't see it coming, but until what? The 50s or 60s, we started waking up,
and when they started killing everybody and getting away with it.
Well, that's the thing. America's always had problems, but as it got more and more corrupt,
then the worst guy in the room becomes the boss, and then somebody worse replaces that group,
and pretty soon you've got a bunch of people that want tyranny just because it's fun to exercise
the power. Yeah, they're sociopaths,
and it's about the money, but it's also about this power and this delight,
and I'm talking in psychological terms. I have to tell you, it's very stupid.
Well, hold on. We got to go to break. We're going to come right back with Richard Belzer
to talk about the delight on the other side. If your station doesn't carry it,
audio streams and video at prisonplanet.tv and fullwars.com. Get our free iPhone app.
Thank you for listening to GCN. And we'll be back tonight,
7 o'clock in Full Wars Family News. Visit GCN Live.com today.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing
a full selection of silver-based products. Our most popular silver-based products are
the 32-ounce nano silver solutions, our 2-ounce nano silver nasal applicators,
as well as our all-natural silver soaps. Just released is our 100% natural silver gel.
Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and
leave the silver at the surface. But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the natural
skin-nourishing chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering
the silver more effectively. Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to
find what silver-based products are best for you. That's www.silverlungs.com.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Hey Richard, I want to get you on the nightly news in the next few weeks. Let's set this up,
Richard Belzer is our guest, to go over all 50 people you put in the book that were mysteriously
murdered. So we'll set that up after the show today. I want to apologize to your listeners
because I do go on and I really want to, you know... You do not go on. In between me bringing up
points and the callers, you're absolutely kicking butt. No, I want to get you on to
really go over where you see society going on the TV show so that we have, you know,
like an hour between commercials and I can do an extensive in-depth interview with you. But
finishing up before we take a few more final calls, you were making a point about the delight,
the establishment takes a delight in and then the break cuts you off. Yeah, what I'm studying now
for my next book is to what extent are true sociopathic personalities dominating governments
today and why do people tolerate them? You know what I mean? It's like there's a great book about
the shaping of collective memory. It's like who owns the story? You know what I mean? Tom Wicker,
Dan Rather, George Will, like four or five reporters, you know, they covered the Kennedy
murder in 63. They don't own the narrative anymore. So what they're trying to do is just
scramble the narrative where there is no narrative. That's exactly right. But people are still holding
on to this narrative, you know, out of institutional embarrassment. That's why I think
the corporate press is not just saying, OK, come on, you know, more than one person was involved.
OK, you know, they won't even say that. And it's out of because they blew the story. And, you know,
of all these great reporters, you know, have not even Congress, as you know, in the investigation,
nobody talks about found it was a conspiracy. And if they get caught on this, it's over for them.
Well, you know, a lot of people that were involved are no longer with us.
There's no danger to the national security. I think it's an insult to the American people
and patronizing and contentious to just officially keep, you know, denying this reality. This is the
one of the ghostliest parts of our history. The Kennedy assassination is not taught in schools.
It's one sentence or one paragraph. You know, it's very mysterious because it exposes
who we are, this national security state that can kill a president, get away with it, brainwash
a good deal of the public and shame those that question it. You know, it's a classic German,
you know, I hate to keep doing this, but it's classic propaganda where, you know, the big lie,
you know, it's a cliche, but it's true. You know, Goebbels said, you know, it's easy to control a
country. All you have to do is invent a threat from the outside and then demonize those who
question it. I'm paraphrasing, but, you know, and that's what they do. They're doing it now.
It's like, it's scary. This thing about, you know, them busting the whistleblowers
is really chilling stuff because everyone thought, oh, well, Obama's not going to be,
you know, like Bush or whoever. There's only one party. It's the, you know, it's the Republicans.
Oh yeah. And I mean, Obama is going after the press like no president's ever done and going
after government people that expose, you know, stealing money. And then they go, no, we can
steal the money. You're going to jail. Or your analogy of that bank that got busted
for laundering money and, you know, and they paid a little fine. It was like, if you or I
went in and held up a bank and got 5 million and they said, all right, give us a hundred grand and
we'll let you go. Exactly. But we did the math. It was something like the equivalent, I think,
of $3,000 out of a million. If you stole a million, it was, it was Wachovia and Wells
Fargo, $378 billion in laundered money. And they paid a hundred and $1 million fine.
That was for them. That's a joke. It's a joke. And it's like giving the cop a tip,
like the cops help you bring the bags of money out to 15 vans. And then you give the cop a tip.
It's like, thank you for, thank you for helping me with that. Yeah. Did I do that in my act?
Absolutely. Hey, stay there. I'm going to come back to one more segment with you.
As I promised to go to Richard wants to talk about gun control, Alex, Louisiana,
arrest for filming police, Chad in Iowa, David in Colorado and Nick in Connecticut.
We're going to just take those five, six calls. And then that's it because we're doing the
nightly news tonight. Seven o'clock central prison, planet.tv. Get the book hit list.
Shirts at info wars.com. It will wake up people in your area and support our operation. As we
move to the next level, we need your help to spread the word like never before. They wish
to hide themselves during this tectonic battle between the forces of freedom and darkness.
You are the response to the globalist technocrats and their program of global eugenics, dehumanization
and ultimate extermination. The war is here. It's an info war. The spirit of 1776
versus the mindset of 1984. Hello, this is Ty Bollinger, author of the best-selling book,
cancer step outside the box. I want you to know some very important information. In 1985,
president Ronald Reagan requested that Carnivora be sent directly to the white house at a time when
only the president could obtain this world-class healer. Now, 27 years later, Carnivora capsules
are used around the world to keep people healthy. Now you can protect yourself and your loved ones
in this age of superbugs with 17 naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond
to abnormal cells only without harming a single normal cell. If you want to stay healthy, now's
your chance to literally wake up your critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders that
don't belong in your body. Call 1-866-VenusFly or order from Carnivora.com. That's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A.com.
That's 1-866-836-8735, 1-866-VenusFly or visit Carnivora.com. Protect your immune system. It's
the only one you've got. Amino acids are the building blocks of proteins. Amino acids have
to be delivered to your body in the shape that nature gave them. If they are to be used to create
new proteins in your body, just like a bricklayer cannot use bent or twisted bricks to build a brick
wall, so, too, your body cannot use bent or twisted amino acids to build new proteins.
Giving your body an undamaged amino acid food can make a huge difference in your health.
One World Way is an undamaged amino acid food unlike any other. You see, heating bends and
twists amino acids and all whey protein powders we've investigated and most proteins you consume
are heated. With our true cool process, you now have a choice with One World Way.
My name is Daniel. I'm 34 years old. When I started using One World Way, I weighed 228 pounds.
Now, after two and a half months, I weigh 182 pounds. This is my ideal weight. I've noticed
an increase in stamina, rate of recovery for workouts, and an increase in my potency.
Call 888-988-3325 or visit OneWorldWay.com.
He's the T-Rex of political talk. Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Well, it's terrible news, but I hope it's a gas main or something not terror-related
explosion at the Boston Marathon. We'll punch up some feeds of this. We're in overdrive.
We're live. It's 208 Central. And two explosions at Boston Marathon,
people hurt in large explosions. Oh, man. Oh, my gosh. And that'll,
well, are they going to blame it on Iran, blame it on the Patriot Group?
Or is it going to be a veteran or something? I mean, this is just so horrible.
And again, I hope nobody's really been hurt bad and also hope it's a gas main
or something like that, because they will, again, they're going to turn all public events.
First, it's have checkpoints at the airport. Then it's the mall. Then it's the sports stadium.
Then it's the hotel. Then it's the highway. Then it's the bus station. It's already in Austin.
Then it's Army at the Kite Festival. Then it's, oh, any event has to have troops at it.
Two explosions at Boston Marathon, CNN producer, people hurt in large explosions.
Obviously, nightly news tonight. Nightly news tonight. We'll have more details on
this 7 o'clock central. I'm so sick of this. You know, Richard Belzer, journalist, best selling
author, researcher, movie star, TV star, was kind of a side job. He's got a new book out, hit list.
Knowing how much they use false flags, and of course, I should give people the website,
it's BelzerBook.com, or I-Bels.com, like I-Bels.com, I-B-E-L-Z.com. I'm Alex Jones
of themfullwars.com. Author of I'm Not a Cop, and any other co-authored How to Be a Stand-Up Comic
and Dead Wrong, his most recently hit list. And he joins us right now. He's a talk show host as
well. He's on everything. So, oh, and in the film, he was, wait a minute, Belzer? I'm gonna
show my ignorance. You were in Scarface? Oh, yeah. I was on stage at the Babylon
Club when they- No, no, that's right. It's hiding in plain view when they try to kill
Tony. And you're going, everybody, let's give it to, and they're making fun of Cubans.
Right. Oh my gosh, you're even cooler. Oh my, now I'm really jealous. Oh man,
that's one of my favorite movies. And of course you're in that. Of course you're in that. Yeah,
that's you. That's me with my Reagan hair. Oh my gosh. Anyways. You mentioned before about
what we have to keep our eye on, and it's a marathon story, is the very first official
reaction. Yeah, guys, save these recordings. Save all the recordings. Record everywhere.
What? I'm telling the crew, record everywhere. Yeah. And yeah, how are they gonna paint this?
I'm working with veterans now. I convinced the show I'm on, Law and Order, Special Victims Unit,
to do an episode about a vet who had PTSD, and they tried to disparage him on the stand
because he was having flashbacks and stuff, but he gathered himself and helped us convict someone.
Because I wanted to make the vet the hero. Because when these kids come home, and they are,
a lot of them kids, and their lives, their limbs, they're shattered. We robbed their money,
they had tons of paperwork. It's really obscene. And when there was a shooting,
there was a vet with shots, they said, oh, he's got PTSD. Nobody with PTSD is shooting anybody.
That disease does not make people shoot people. Well, they're training the police that vets will
target every police department and prepare for this war. And like I said, Nazi Germany
targeted Jews, the Russians targeted other people, the Kulaks, the farmers.
Have you seen all these reports where now Homeland Security says the new enemy
is gonna be mainline Christians? I mean, it's so absurd as Drudge now running the headline,
explosions at Boston Marathon. And the Boston Globe, all they have is a Twitter route.
Boston and New England's leading news source. Green Line due to police activity,
GL terminating. And it goes, multiple people injured, at least a dozen injured after explosion.
Man, I hope this isn't a false flag or a real terror attack, Richard.
No, I hope not. But they're gonna use it, even if it's innocent, they will use it because
everyone's focused on it now. And people can be controlled when they're all on the same emotion
at the same time. The government's been studying this since World War I, how to manipulate us.
Exactly, nobody's supposed to be upset about all the murder and death going on with the globalists.
They unfreeze our emotions though at certain times and tell us when we're supposed to get upset.
That's so exactly classic mind control. And people used to call me crazy, but in 1954,
they had the thing Operation Mockingbird where they were figuring out how to see
through your television, okay? 1954, so what do you think they do now? I mean, they probably have
cameras in our bathrooms to see what we excrete and then arrest us.
Let's just fade up the Communist news channel, more like the corporate news channel.
Let's fade this up. CNN?
There's a whole process underway right now. But the reality of the situation is,
it is almost impossible to protect an event, especially one that is over a protracted space
as a marathon is. And I hate to say it, but these are the times that we live in.
Richard, that's what they're saying on CNN. So they're already basically saying it's a
terror attack, my goodness. We're helpless is what he's saying.
That's so they can control us more. Now, Alex, I think I mentioned this last time I was on,
but it bears repeating. During the Iraq War, SIOP officers from Fort Detrick, Maryland,
were in CNN every day writing copy, approving stories, and shaping the vision of the war.
So I'm sure they never went over, they say, well, that was just that. They're still there.
Well, you know what I'm talking about. It's like-
No, no, that even came out in the Washington Post and I talk about it and people don't
believe me that WorldNetDaily and Washington Post broke it at the time. WorldNetDaily first,
force Washington Post. And of course, Drudge carried it way back then. And of course,
have you seen the White House Chief Advisor Obama saying how horrible Drudge is because
they can't control the narratives? I mean, they're worried about one website.
I think that's the good news is it shows that the emperor is wearing no clothes.
If they're worried about DrudgeReport.com, if they're worried about Richard Belzer,
they're worried about Alex Jones, they're worried about all of us not following along.
We just shot video, by the way, for radio listeners at CNN showing cell phone footage
already uploaded, showing what looks like a pretty good size explosion and smoke.
And so then they're saying at least a dozen. This looks really bad. Looks like somebody blew
up bleachers. No. My God, I'm so sick of this. And there's no word on who's claiming responsibility?
Who knows? But I know this, they got TSA ready to roll out nationwide.
They're already doing it, but I've talked to insiders. They're going to be everywhere now,
just federal checkpoints. I mean, can you believe this is as if you're going to stop
anybody that wants to bomb something? Well, I'm actually getting a little
sick to my stomach because when he said, unfortunately, these are the times we live in.
So then when we see soldiers at our kids little league game, we see soldiers
everywhere. We're supposed to feel safe. Exactly. Notice how they've been already
acclimating. Notice how they've already been in the news going. And soldiers are now at the kite
festivals. They're at barbecues. They're searching people. And I've been telling people they're
getting ready to hit soft targets all over the country. People say, well, who's the main
motive here? Well, who stands to gain? When the government and the shadow government has
been gearing up to roll out and be our savior and they stand to gain from it, it's obvious.
I mean, who's the number one suspect in this, Richard Belzer, as a journalist, as a crime
writer in the past? Whoever the suspect is, the government will appropriate it and create a
narrative. And 90% of it probably, I'm just guessing, will be a fabrication to shape our
thought of police and military and safety. And they're licking their chops. Even if this was a
gas main, they still got to study how we reacted. And that's why even events that they don't do,
they study. Yeah, I mean, it could have been a truck running over a gas main. I mean, all the
time I see in the paper, gas main blows up, kills 30 people. It's not even in the news. It's like
back of the paper, barely a blur. But I guarantee you, five people die from this. All you'll hear
is pell-mell Pavlovian, be scared of the random man. Be scared, only we can save you. I mean,
just the response shows how fake all this is. Yeah, I'm gonna predict that the hook for them
is gonna be, these are the times we live in. And everyone will just surrender and let them.
How much do you wanna bet if you tune into all five networks? They're gonna be saying,
these are the times we live in. These are the, exactly, they've always got some like,
we gotta give all our rights up now. This is the end of America as we knew it, 9-11. Why?
Why give up all my rights because of another made up narrative?
Yeah, and it's interesting because clearly there are bad people, but there aren't millions of them
or even thousands. You know what I mean? There's probably a few hundred people that are really
demonic and crazy and might hurt us. You don't imprison 310 million people because there's a
few hundred people that are, whatever they are, drug addicts or crazy or, I mean, I don't know.
But it's like, we still have to take our shoes off because some plant from our government
had this device that wouldn't have taken down the plane anyway.
Well, that's another thing. Even the New York Times and even the Washington Globe of all places
have done reports the last few years about the hundred plus fake FBI deals where they find 75 IQ
mentally ill people. And then have them build a bomb and say, now blow up the Christmas tree
just to take over the Christmas coverage. And every time, I mean, I could go out,
I would never do it. I don't want them to edit that and find a mentally ill person, Richard.
And for $10,000, have them drive a bomb wherever I want it. I mean, the schizophrenic
victims are everywhere. No, that's an excellent point because
they know who to target and who to recruit. Like a lot of people, like you said before,
Oswald was probably recruited much sooner than we ever suspected, but he was clearly chosen
to be a fake defector and had these false IDs. And he was much, one of them anyway,
was very intelligent. And the other one may have been not as-
Well, the good news is, let's do one more segment. Richard Belzer, our guest,
and I'm sorry to callers, I got breaking news here, but I'll try to get to you,
David and Colorado and others. Man, I tell you, all I know is they're like building up,
like get ready for soft target attacks at, David said, marathons, sporting events, malls.
We've got to search and body scan you at malls. Get ready, it's going to happen.
Oh man, this is so out of control.
Introducing Pro 1. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more do you have
two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts out
the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing
technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media
for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one filter element. It is the only one
that does it and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides,
chloramines, ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of
fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your
Pro Pure with the new Pro 1 filters today at infallwarstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Time and time again. You need to come here and help us. We need assistance, please.
Those we should be able to depend on let us down. Federal and state and local officials saying help
is on the way. Well, the folks here in Bell Harbor say show me. Don't depend on the government to
save you. Take action now so that you're prepared for the next disaster with mypatriotsupply.com.
Get the best prices on storable food, non-GMO seeds, water filtration devices, home canning
equipment, survival and self-reliance books and more at mypatriotsupply.com. Call 866-229-0927.
We are hurting down here and we need help immediately. Before it's time to survive,
it's time to prepare. Mypatriotsupply.com. Mypatriotsupply.com.
hempusa.org has a revolutionary wonder food for detoxing the body and rebuilding the immune system.
Micro plant powder can help unclog arteries and soften heart valves while removing heavy metals,
virus, fungus, bacteria and parasites. Plus it cleans and purifies the blood, lungs, stomach and
colon. Keep your body clean with micro plant powder. Order today at 888-910-4367 or visit
hempusa.org. Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered why banks, stock workers, investment
advisors won't talk about gold IRAs? They've been available since 1986, yet the financial
industry won't recognize the value of gold for your retirement. Gold has outperformed paper
investments, yet don't worry about IRAs. If you would like to have gold for your retirement,
call 800-686-2237. Don't get left behind by rising inflation and low returns. Call 800-686-2237.
Secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237. It's time for a home security quiz. What effective
home security device is smaller than a coffee cup fakes out burglars into thinking someone is home
at your house while you're away, plugs into any wall outlet, is recommended by many police
departments and sells for less than $30? Yes, it's fake TV. This year about one in every 50
U.S. homes will have a break-in with burglars usually picking the easy target, a dark house
that looks like no one is home. Fake TV is a small electronic security device that makes it look like
someone is home watching TV by simulating the light from a real TV. Fake TV could be the
difference between coming home to a secure house or one that's been ransacked. To get your fake
TV for only $29.95 with free shipping, go to faketv.com or call 1-877-5FAKETV. That's 877-532-5388.
Or go to faketv.com. Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
And we're going to try to stop the wave of false flag terror that's going to be blamed on us before
it happens. It looks like that hadn't been the case. This may be blamed on Iran. If they try to
blame it on Al-Qaeda, I'm not putting up with it when the government runs Al-Qaeda publicly.
I mean, and just wait, like I said, at the start of the show until they start shooting down
aircraft with the 10,000 heat-seeking missiles given to them by our government
when they took over Libya. I mean, and ladies and gentlemen, I'm looking at Twitter photos.
If you've got children in the room, don't watch our video stream. People's arms, legs blown off.
In fact, take down the Enforce logo. You can see that guy with his face blown off and his
leg blown off at the hip. Oh, my God. That's war, folks. When a predator drops a 1,000-pound bomb
on a village, you'll have hundreds of people like soup. They did that to the Branch Davidians as
well with a shape charge. So now remember, when they kill innocent people, they dehumanize them
and don't even talk about it. And CNN and stuff won't show gun pod helicopter footage of families
getting shot. You put that on YouTube, they take down your account. But this, they'll be putting
all this out. And you could see from helicopter the blood everywhere. So what it looks like is,
across the street from the bleachers in another seating area, or where a group of hundreds of
people were standing to watch, somebody detonated multiple bombs, turning people into what looks
like giant troughs of sloppy Joes. And I'm sorry to have to give details here. Look at that.
Oh, my gosh. It actually knocked people over 50, 60 yards away. Looks like it had some shrapnel
involved in it. You can see runners blown over. Ladies and gentlemen, Richard, let's throw this
out. You've had these prosecutors getting killed. I said Mexican Mafia or white supremacists,
only because those are the groups that usually, who aren't staged, who have the will to kill
people. But with this Muslim extremists they're gonna pin it on? Or will they pin it on the new
enemy, the Patriots? Go ahead. Well, they have a menu of what will best serve their needs. I'm
with you. I pray that it's not like Al Qaeda who we invented. Osama bin Laden did not use the term
Al Qaeda until after 9-11. It was invented by us to use the RICO statute to ensnare him in some
legal case. So he was never a mastermind. They just used him. He would fund different groups.
Al Qaeda is a myth that we use, as Muslim Brotherhood is scarier because they're real
knots. The British foreign minister said that and they killed him like a week later. He said,
it's the name of a code name in a CIA database. Bin Laden works for us. Boom, heart attack week
later. When was that? That was Robin Cook. I'm going from memory, Robin Cook. Yes, that's right.
That's right. And so when you tell me that it seems like it was detonated from a different place,
this is not an amateur, Alex. This was no amateur job. This was meant as an act of terror, either by
our government or real terrorists or rogue elements within our government. Here we are,
speculating on what it is. We're suspending our natural instinctive desires and lives and not
thinking about sustenance or our families or anything or anything spiritual. We're thinking
about these limbs and people being exploded. And it makes us focus in now on all the fear.
Oh, they've got to go ahead and take our guns. What if a terrorist goes to the Boston Marathon
with guns next? Oh my goodness, this is just unbelievable. And I mean, have you seen the
footage yet of people exploding? No, I'm afraid to, frankly. And it's going to make me sick
because I know that in addition to the human suffering, people, human beings,
you know, and that's another thing about the Kennedy assassination, a man was killed that day.
You know, sometimes we lose sight of the fact, but you know, human beings have been mangled
and we're all human. So collectively we're going to react to it. And so for guys like us,
it's doubly sickening, just alone as a human, you know, the humanity of it. But we know that
it's going to be used in some way or may have been perpetrated in some way. You know, that's
what makes us twice as sick as the rest. Yeah, I would actually be happy if it was a random person
and it actually came out because that's not as scary as a big organized government. The media
always says, Alex says the government did it because that's not as scary as random people.
No, what's scary is that a big powerful organization is doing it and then posing as the
savior and getting caught doing it over and over again. I mean, you talk about Vietnam in those
years from 59 until 64, it's been declassified, hundreds of bombings in the country to be blamed
on the communist. And again, I'm no fan of the communist because they did stuff like that too,
but it's just like governments just do this, folks. Well, you know, the, the, uh, Hoover got
rid of the FBI because there was a blank FBI agent within it that helped bring it down. Uh, Hoover
helped Eisenhower, uh, the head of the American communist party. I'm not a fan of the communist
either, but he was in the FBI, every organization. That's why you have to be careful. Uh, a lot of
organizations finish your point on the other side. I'm going over drive this whole hour and I'll be
live tonight. We're doing info Wars, nightly news live. And then we'll have the packages after seven
o'clock central. We're on the March, the empire's on the run, Alex Jones and the GCN radio network.
Hello, I'm Alex Jones. Myself, my family, the info wars.com team want to relay to you and your
families that we are intensifying our efforts against the globalist on every front info wars.com
is leading the fight against the technocrats, but we can't do that without your help by getting the
films, bumper stickers, and t-shirts and info wars.com. It will wake up people in your area
and support our operation. As we move to the next level, we need your help to spread the word like
never before they wish to hide themselves during this tectonic battle between the forces of freedom
and darkness. You are the response to the globalist technocrats and their program of global eugenics,
dehumanization, and ultimate extermination. The war is here. It's an info war, the spirit of 1776
versus the mindset of 1984. Are you still a traditional smoker? Now experience a new lifestyle
and try vaping with e-cigarettes by LASIG. Imagine no ashes, stains, nasty smell, or coughing and
hacking. With LASIG e-cigarettes revolutionary micro electronic technology, rechargeable battery,
and unique replaceable cartridge, you'll get all the benefits and satisfaction of smoking without
the hazards. Choose your taste from a wide variety of our new American-made vaporie at e-liquids
at lasig.com. And LASIG smokes the competition by serving thousands of worldwide customers with real
people customer service, fast, free, same-day shipping, and a 30-day warranty and satisfaction
guarantee. So are you ready for a new vaping lifestyle? Then call 870-518-4307. That's 870-518-4307.
Or visit lasig.com spelled l-e-c-i-g.com. LASIG e-cigarettes for today's modern smoker.
What's safer and cheaper than prescription drugs? Glad you asked. The answer is renovation teas.
Herbal remedies are much safer and much cheaper than prescription drugs. Tastes great and most
importantly herbal teas are effective and non-addictive. Renovation tea is especially
unique and here's why. We spent years researching herbs and their beneficial properties.
Renovation teas uses only 100 organic fair trade herbs. Our teas are blended towards specific
ailments and health conditions such as diabetes, blood pressure, anxiety, libido, detox, and much
more. All renovation teas are formulated and hand-filled in Arkansas. Take care of yourself
naturally the way mother nature intended. Order renovation teas at renovationtea.com
or call 870-784-3121. That's 870-784-3121. Renovation teas. Renovate your health one bag at a time.
Ladies and gentlemen I said I'd go to your phone calls and I am but I feel like I should
wipe these calls clean even though they've been holding some of them for an hour. To open the
phones up for people in Boston. So what I want what I want John Harmon to do is get these callers
number right now and we will call them back tomorrow or later. We're going to go ahead and
go live for at least two more hours today with the video streams at prisonplanet.tv
and the audio streams at infowars.com. We're going to go ahead and go live and we're going
to have Jakari Jackson and David Knighton here live to take your phone calls and more. We'll
get a couple video reports ready at the start of the next hour. We're going to go commercial free.
We need a break while they get in here and get ready and then they can also recap and we'll be
feeding them news as it breaks and then I'll be able to tell you more at seven o'clock central
tonight. I will host Infowars Nightly News live which we've done 40, 50 times or so. So we've
done it quite a bit like we had like a whole month where it was live every night. So because we're
considering live show versus tape shows sometimes it's a mix. A bunch of special reports and stuff
tonight. Again I've been telling everybody this in the last few months and long time listeners
know this. You notice I've turned the heat up. I've gotten more aggressive. I've said I'm
committed and I've also told you and I've told my wife and the whole crew this. I've never,
never, never, it's not even anxiety. It's just absolute the feeling I had a few times in my life
where somebody was about to walk around a corner out of the blue and mug me and you're just like
why do I feel so bummed out? Why do I feel like there's danger and then there it is or you wake
up one day and you're driving to work and you go man why do I feel weird and then you see cars
run to each other and kids flying out you know on the Dallas Central Expressway. I've unfortunately
probably seen seven or eight. I start thinking about it more fatality crashes in my life.
I've pulled over when arms are chopped off and blood spring you know 10 feet in the air.
Oh God and I know that feeling right before it happens. There is a sixth sense. Ants, you know
birds, mammals even have more of it. We've just been taught it isn't there.
And again the globalists are killing people all over the world and I'm not feeling a disturbance
in the force you know to be sarcastic but that's really you know kind of what they're talking about
there. We all have that sixth sense. I have been seeing a massive buildup not like it's not obvious
billions of bullets, armored vehicles, prepare to arrest the Christians in mass, state police
going public saying this is crazy. I drive around Austin now we see TSA checkpoints and
National Guard. You know I can't go to like a succulent event, the city of Austin succulent
event. I think I forgot about this. I drove by Zilker Park yesterday. They were having this
succulent plant type of plant event. We're going to our guest here and I looked and I go there's
troops again. I mean I just, just troops everywhere. Okay this is a roll out ahead of them
taking everybody's bank account. Let me tell all the idiots out there that want to take other
people's second amendment. They're going to take your money too and everything and I guess it's
for me the realization that I've been right about all this and not that it was hard to be right.
It's just I get why people are in denial because what do you do when faced with evil? What do you
do when it's just galloping and growing and oozing and threatening and killing and again
I hope you know now they're saying they're reporting a bunch of stuff right now but I mean
it shows a bunch of piles of bloody people and again there are it's not like it's a unicorn.
Unicorns don't exist. There are real organic terror attacks that happen. They're very very rare.
They mainly happen in Israel in places like when a woman goes on a bus and stabs 14 people. I mean
that's a crime of passion. That's real but even most of that stuff it's come on Israel you know
created fake al-qaeda and stuff whenever they want to be able to take rights or something. All these
governments do it. The Italian supreme court justice I was just talking about minutes before
it happened he came out last week and said Bilderberg's staging terror attacks and here are
the documents. We gotta keep an eye on him. Better keep and Richard I'm ranting here and I want to
go to these calls. No you're not. No you're not. You're on the money. No I'm glad you mentioned
the Italian. Let's see what happens to him in the next month or two. Oh he's discredited and
demonized. You know Machiavelli he said that what you do is you take a person's best quality
and attack that you know not like make up something you know it's so it's like that's what
I'm not I wasn't a big fan of Kerry but you know he did get shot he was you know he had a uniform
on more than Bush did and was in combat but they made him into a wimp you know it's like you can
make people's brains do tricks and this thing is. Well exactly like look at this bad person they
help children that's because they want a grandstand you know they can take anything and spin it yeah.
Yeah and so we got to be real I'm so glad you're staying on because and monitoring this because
as I learned with the the assassination of John Kennedy I studied what was said immediately after
you know the first 24, 36, 48 hours there was all kinds of stuff that just went away about multiple
shooters and guys running away with guns and you know just like and they somehow just scrub all
that but that's why I'm glad that you know you have the facility and and and the bullhorn now to
cover this event and give the alternative which now is the real point of view not the.
Well listen I'll be honest with you we're going to go to people in Massachusetts right now
we're going to open the phones up but I mean my point is I'm going to be honest with you
Richard we're going to go look at what our viewers pick up and what they email us they will be the
ones and our listeners that are going to analyze kind of like that real collective resistance in
brain and by seven o'clock tonight if there are any you know obvious signs or the system milking
it or unification across all channels with talking points immediately that'll be the telltale sign.
If if people can check their DVRs folks yeah and and notice the exact same scripting minute one
then you know it's key phrases because sometimes there's real events and different networks will
go with different angles and it turns out it's a real event if they're all minute one the same
script like 9-11 or JFK you know the fix is in. Exactly and I had like you said I hope it let us
take calls but I hope it is just some random person and not you know a plot. I'm sure you've
heard that talking point where they go they think the government was involved because they want to
believe somebody's in control and it's scarier that random people could do this what do you
mean it's a hundred times scarier organized evil. Yeah and random people don't do medical
experiments on their own people. Exactly and think how many times our government's done that
they're not having CNN reports about how scary it is the thousands of lethal secret tests on
little kids troops black people uh 800-259-9231 then we go to the next hour we'll give out our
local number it's toll free but our our number here uh and again our our regular phone guy is
actually sick today we got a bunch of people sick today so our crew is limited but we're
going to do this great job to the crew by the way you guys are all entering. Oh my gosh oh my gosh
oh my gosh oh my gosh I just realized it's Patriots day in Massachusetts and April 19th
is the national one oh my gosh that that that bumps up the death con that they're going to
blame it on a patriot group anyways I'm sorry I'm just brainstorming. No no that's various too.
Keep well no no John Ballen just said it in fact if that's Patriots day in Massachusetts
where it all started and then and then the 19th is a few days later when the big stuff happened
folks here is the here is the toll-free number 800-259-9231 what have you noticed watching the
news that's just as important is if you're even in mash but particularly if you're in Boston I
know we have listeners everywhere 800-259-9231 please only call if you have a tidbit of key intel
or if you were there or have family that was there 800-259-9231 and I pray that those bomb
with their legs blown off and their faces blown off survive and I just pray for everybody whoever
your god is folks this is just horrible and and again this could be the start of a whole bunch of
this stuff okay because they're saying the the libertarians will start bombing everything and
then if it starts happening and they blame it on us if it comes out and they say it's a libertarian
group folks we are in deep crap it means they're going ahead with it if they say it's Iran there
is no way Iran would pull something like this no they wouldn't knowing that they're going to get
clobbered uh my goodness let's go ahead and talk to uh Mel and Mass you're on the air with Richard
Belzer and Alex Jones what a day to come on Richard I know I mean it's it's amazing go ahead
Mel you're on the air from Mass where are you in Massachusetts uh I'm in uh the Worcester area uh
I was watching I was actually out painting the house and I heard you you know just talk about
the uh marathon and the explosion and I remember I was listening to how you said uh right away
you know uh they they said it's the times we live in so I came in I flipped on the channel five
and they described uh it's organized chaos I mean where we had that before and uh and then
there now it's almost like they've been listening to your show because they're like well it's too
early to say what's going on here no no it's already been going I'm gonna put you on hold
guys rewind cnn right now rewind it to that the minute they're now saying they're now saying were
their right wing or patriot meetings in the area uh-oh oh man and that's cnn doing that
oh wolf blitzer we are in trouble oh man I bet they even dragged me into it with my 1776 line
and boston I'm sorry Richard go ahead you're right it's all the symbolism boston the tea party
patriots day so you know I was saying the whole earlier show that they're going to do a false
flag and blame patriots and I just feel it and that because the caller said who loses is who
shoots first like boston and I said yeah or bunker hill but I said yeah but they'll shoot first and
say we did it you see what I'm saying they'll shoot first for us Richard yeah it's like hitler
would kill polish soldiers and put german uniforms on them and drag them across the border and then
invade the country exactly operation uh gliwitz which was part of operation hemler exactly oh
man I'm sick of it boy I tell you let me ask you this rich I don't know if you believe in this
has your spidey sense been off the chart lately just like your spidey sense you notice earlier
in the day matt any special patriots day events going on any anything pointing to a special day
in massachusetts well it's always a special day patriots day everyone gets the day off from work
for the most part and it's two huge events in boston it's not only the boston marathon
where 25 000 plus people run but I believe it's always opening day of fenway they also have that
going on so it's a it's a traffic nightmare always but it's probably one of the busiest days
in downtown boston so it is a holiday and people a lot of people don't go to work and there's no
is there no school today either correct there's no school on patriots day in massachusetts
so the kids are home they're watching either the marathon or they're watching the boston
red sox play uh over at fenway park that game is now over uh and notice the bombing happened
right where they've got the united nations display with a bunch of flags I'm telling you
richard this is looking worse by the minute guys keep googling find out if anybody's taking
responsibility for this yet this is now reach reto I'm sorry richard I asked you if your
spidey sense was starting to tingle lately well I'm glad you asked me it's a good metaphor because
uh I was in france for five weeks uh writing and I just turned off everything and I started getting
I started getting depressed and I've not just for the Kennedy thing but just for the way what I've
been learning about the degree to which the government really controls even more than I
thought and I I'm you know I think I'm up to this uh up to date on it but it got darker and darker
and I started sensing that something's going to happen in this country I don't know what it is
it just seems it seemed inevitable and you know I I was you know usually when I go to France you
know it's beautiful and I'm relaxed and but I was depressed there which I never get depressed there
so you're right there I felt something portentous in the air I didn't know what it was I thought
maybe because I'm studying Kennedy so much but I knew it was broader and bigger and this thing is
just you know it's making me ill because they're going to use it no matter who did it exactly and
it can blame it on muslims libertarians liberals who knows but but how dare how dare wolf blitzer
pose a question like that that's directly from fort detrick I guarantee you to say was there
any patriot groups why couldn't say there were any martians there were any aliens there that's
a tell though that's a tell oh come on man I gotta get oh my god this this is red alert let's see
what drudge is saying I'm gonna go back to the caller uh here and then I'll report on what drudge
is saying with richard belzer two explosions developing report at least three dead okay bad
news drudge report.com is reporting three dead people missing limbs yeah I've seen that video
we've been showing it so be careful out there if you got your children with you explosions at
boston marathon and then down here californians moved to ban and seized guns meanwhile with gold
plunging uh what could this signify dow skids 200 oh my gosh oh my I'm telling you I told my
wife this morning I've been I told the listeners when I went on there today I told the crew I can
barely do this show I mean I I just every time it they're about to roll out some psyop and I'm not
trying to get into mumbo jumbo here I just can't help it richard well no your antenna you're like
me I mean my antenna has been buzzing for years but it seems to be getting red hot and all that
constellation of events is occurring uh all at the same time now everything we feared it used to be
a little here a little there but now you got you know busting the whistleblowers false flag events
uh the drones uh you know putting troops in the street uh invading our privacy beyond our you
know they do listen literally this is not an exaggeration they do listen literally to every
single phone call in this country and they admit it now just six years ago bush got caught lying
about it it was a scandal now it's like yeah we're doing we're watching everything yeah he said we
have lawyers that you know said it was okay yeah let's go back to mel mel I apologize just that
breaking news happened what do you think of wolf blitzer going oh it's patriot day was there any
patriot events in the area I mean mel I'm telling you this is looking bad mel go ahead yeah I agree
with you uh you know it's funny because I forgot today is patriot's day no it's the income tax day
I think oh watch him blame an anti-income tax guy and notice they never actually bomb a real target
it's always the general public so they can scare us and then act like anti-government groups would
actually just target the general public go ahead yeah you know I agree with you on that and uh
it's just funny you know like uh on 9 11 too I mean the planes came from Boston this is where
they you know when we came across and left England this is where we started settling you know
Plymouth rock and everything it's just uh I think it's very symbolic you know that's interesting
that you mentioned that the planes took off in Boston how symbolic Boston is because the the
guys who dressed up like native americans and threw boxes of tea in the water just came out of a
mason meeting man I tell you that yeah the green dragon in or green dragon uh bar man I tell you
this is just I'm almost speechless at this point I'm gonna have to regroup get the other crew in
here after we take some more calls richer we'll get you out of here in about six seven minutes
whatever we're about to go to break and I've got to go probably just lay down please I'm going to
yeah yeah I know yeah I'm gonna just lay down reset and just try to you know because here's
the deal guys it's the darkness growing I mean you can you can feel it and uh oh I tell you we
got a bunch of other news singing in two blasts at Boston marathon of injured six people three
dead they're now reporting uh one of the bombs came from a dumpster type can by the restaurant
one was inside a building third possible at a meridian hotel so they're not talking about
three bombs at least three dead continual coverage with video feeds at info wars.com
prison planet.com and drugs report.com of course has as usual the best coverage
introducing pro one all of your filtration in one system portable on the go no more do you have two
or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride you have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride
and up to 95 percent of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing technology combines silver
impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other
heavy metals all in one filter element it is the only one that does it and out of the gates we
have it discounted at 10 off with promo code water this is the only system that in one unit helps
reduce or remove pesticides herbicides chloramines ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid the
most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate
get your pro pure with a new pro one filter today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139
since disaster can strike at any time you always need to be prepared and not just with an insurance
policy superstorm sandy left thousands of people starving and stranded for weeks you need to be
prepared with an emergency supply of food now through april 30th save up to 25 on freeze-dried
food during the freeze-dry guy mix and match number 10 can sale freeze-dried food packed in
heavy duty doubly numbled number 10 cans with over 99 of the oxygen removed it has the longest
shelf life of any food available over 25 years choose from entrees meats vegetables fruits and
desserts all made in the usa just add hot water wait 10 minutes and serve and the taste absolutely
delicious free shipping to 48 states now through april 30th save up to 25 visit freeze dry guy
dot com freeze dry guy dot com or call 866-404-3663 866-404-3663 act today don't miss out imagine
waking one morning only to find your family shivering in the dark because you couldn't
afford to pay your electric bill that's closer than you think you probably hadn't heard about
this yet because the liberal media has been suppressing what is fast becoming the most
shocking news story of 2012 obama's secret war on coal that could increase your already high power
bill as much as 400 in coming months as shocking as it sounds it may well be just a matter of time
before the lights start going out across america but here's some good news there's an underground
video at exposed 123.com that thousands of smart patriots have used to end their slavery to the
corrupt electricity monopoly the video at exposed 123.com has already been banned by google and the
liberal media is doing everything in its power to take it down and keep america in the dark
so watch it now at exposed 123.com before it's too late again that's exposed 123.com
all right i'm gonna say bye to richard belzer here in a moment we're gonna take more calls
from massachusetts i'm gonna go into fourth hour fifth hour uh this is the end of the fourth hour
completely commercial free audio and video streams at infowars.com have the it folks put a free video
stream up for everyone like we did during the election we can fire up the prison planet.tv
streams for everybody get kurt nemo to add it i'm gonna ask jakari jackson and uh and rob do
and crew to host the next three hours with david knight and then i will go live tonight when we
know more at seven o'clock you know we'll go to about five or so with live coverage and then we
can gear up for the to go live at seven o'clock and i want that stream given to the web guys free
to everybody president.tv because we have to pay for the bandwidth folks we have enough members and
stuff to be able to to do that i mean we get like 300 000 people to tune in i will get a twenty
thousand dollar bill but it doesn't matter i've got to be able to respond to these people so be
sure and buy books buy videos support us buy the bumper stickers just all of it this is an all-out
info war and i think people are beginning to understand the crews completely freaked out
because i walked in here before the day before sandy hook and i said something bad's about to
happen and i only do this and today i said i'm physically sick they're getting ready to i sat on
air they're getting ready to blow stuff up and and i said they're gonna do their own shot heard
around the world to blame it on us so like lexington and concord and this is the day it
happened at that place yeah i mean my god i mean because listen i said bin laden they'll say bin
laden blew up the world trade center and they're going to blame it on him and he'll take the blame
and i said that july 25th i don't know how i know this stuff it's like you know i need my own 1-800
number start reading horoscopes or something no i mean it's not that folks i get their script and
they may blame it on muslims anyways i don't know what they're going to do but right now it's
patriots day it's it's april 19th now if you don't pay your money to the federal reserve you're a
terrorist and rob do talks about his brother-in-law constantly who he has arguments with who works
for what is the defense intelligence agency he's he's in the army yeah i know people are gonna get
mad you're talking about this the point is i'm just gonna hold richard belzer over a little bit
too because i want to have a final comment but i want to break this now rob do news director uh
your wife's uh your wife's brother your your wife's brother tell tell people what happened
to him today he was in command well i would not get well no you told me well he was in the command
of the military there because i saw a troop tell me what you told me out there i'll tell you what
what he was running the race today yeah running the race yeah yeah yeah running oh running it
i misunderstood because i saw army there no he was running in the race in the race okay got it
he was and they had army there he went with army uh and a bus and and they were running well yeah
i guess i could see how you miska i mean you just told me this one right during the break you're
like because i knew he ran and stuff i knew he was in intelligence domestically so that i just got it
wrong go ahead so he was running the race and at some point they pulled him from the race and said
you're dehydrated you need to go to the hospital and so they sent him to the hospital and what
my wife told me wasn't that nice of them she was getting just like mayor willie brown got the call
not to fly oh my god and and uh his his wife told my wife that he's in you know he's in the hospital
now but he would have been crossing the center of that camera that those um that the that the bombs
did go off start over because see i missed i misread what you said and we're gonna get
belzer's take we're gonna go to break go commercial bring go back to belzer start over because i was
interrupting because right before you went live i drug you in here you go oh my gosh just got off
the phone you know my wife her brother uh he was running the race you know he's in you know
domestic military operations he's the guy that i argue with all the time and he was going to be
right there and and they made him go to the hospital i said what they drug him like oh he's
in command knowing it now i get it they're like you need to go right right that's like mayor
willie brown told not to fly on 9 11 the day before yeah it's very crazy now that's stay there
stay there richard belzer what's your take on that well i'm i'm rarely speechless but the fact that
they pulled him out means now we know it is a domestic operation oh my god if he wasn't really
sick did he say he was sick that's what i don't they're gonna tell him to shut up call him right
now call him right now call him right now all right before i shouldn't even this is breaking
right now i am living in their own people that's yeah they save their own people every time oh my
god unbelievable and thank you for listening to gcn visit gcnlive.com today
