Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Back in the saddle again, ladies and gentlemen. And it is Friday, the eighth day of February
2013. I am your host, Alex Jones, and we will be here live for the next three hours and
taking your phone calls. You know something, I don't think the end of the world is coming
in the next few days.
But when the government says there's absolutely no danger, they're such congenital liars,
it tends to make me take a double take. And we have asteroid to travel and traverse Earth's
satellite zones, NASA says. Now, of course, there are satellites that are close in and
satellites that are a little bit further out, but it's still in the scope of the solar system.
This bullet is like in a Looney Tunes when Yosemite Sam shoots at somebody and they say,
hey, you missed me. And then you see a hair on their head go, because it's split the hair
up.
This is like, is it Ivanhoe that shoots the arrow and it hits the apple? Yeah, I think
it is Ivanhoe that shoots the arrow and it hits the apple. The point is that's what's
happening here. And in fact, in the scale of the solar system or in the scale of asteroids,
it's so gigantic as well.
And it's moving five times the speed of a high velocity rifle round. To give you an
idea, a high velocity rifle round goes about 3,000 feet per second, yeah. I was out shooting
a 50 cal BMG yesterday, that was absolutely awesome. We'll talk more about that in the
days to come, we're gonna do a video shoot with it, talking about the Second Amendment.
But that's a side issue, I took off 24 hours and took the children camping with our kind
host and certainly enjoyed that. Little fishing, little camping, little mini vacation, very
restorative.
They had a stock tank with some of the biggest stock tank bass I've ever seen. It's usually
they overpopulate in the tank and then they start getting smaller. And if you're not a
fisher person, you think a tank, not like a fish tank, a small lake. Sometimes every
time we cast, we were jerking in like two, three pound bass. And I could see some like
10 pounders or more swimming around out there.
I tell you what the biggest bass I've ever seen are, they're in Barton Springs. Some
of those things have got away 25 pounds, be a state record. Okay, you can tell I've been
on vacation mode, 24 hour little sneak vacation. But sleeping under the stars has never been
so good. Problem is we haven't had much of a winner here. I didn't pay enough money,
Al Gore, he would fix that. No, no, we've had some freezing temperatures. It was like
60 degrees at night, about 80 degrees yesterday in the afternoon.
And I'm now giving you a weather report, so I'm gonna stop that right now. Okay, when
we come back, I'm gonna reset, get focused and get into the main transmission here. We're
gonna get into the asteroid. We're gonna get into, this little headline up at mfoawars.com,
gunplanted.com. That's kind of important, you might wanna go check it out and get it
out to everybody you know, because I even noticed the big gun sites haven't even picked
up on this.
California announces semi-auto confiscation plan. And they just quietly say in the legislation
they're announcing that, yeah, it'll be what Cuomo in New York called for and Feinstein
has called for. She's out in San Francisco before. A plan to even take guns from people
that already have them. They're like, yeah, and by the way, Antonio Vilderoy goes to the
mayor of LA, the dawn of that crime sector, and he says, don't worry, I'm going to be
coming after those.
So get ready to hand them in. Boy, if you think California has already seen an exodus,
look out, you're gonna see wagon trains going east. So that's coming up, California announces
semi-auto confiscation plan. And it's kind of like the way you let a fart out in church.
I'm sorry to use that analogy, it's only to do it. William Tell shot the apple off, I
don't know why I said Ivanhoe. It's another Robin Hoodian era character, we'll be right
back.
Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Tons of people are going to get sick this winter from colds, flu and other illnesses.
Don't be one of them. Protect yourself with Supernatural Silver, a revolutionary new broad
spectrum antibacterial solution. Recent advances in silver technology have resulted in a silver
solution that can be used daily to prevent bacteria, viruses, mold and food poisoning
and help improve wound healing. Supernatural Silver is safe enough to consume every day
while powerful enough to destroy the causes of many serious diseases such as strep, staph,
pneumonia, colds, flus and other harmful pathogens. This new technology has the ability to terminate
entire colonies of harmful bacteria at several hundred times the effectiveness of colloidal
or ionic silver solutions. The Science Digest Journal says silver is our mightiest germ
fighter. It is virtually non-toxic and is emerging as a wonder of modern medicine. Go
to SupernaturalSilver.com today and use the promo code silver2012 for 20% off. That's
SupernaturalSilver.com and like us on Facebook.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
We now take you live to the Central Texas Command Center in the heart of the resistance.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Show.
Ladies and gentlemen, it is Friday, the eighth day of February 2013. I am your host, Alex
Jones, and we are going to be here, Lord willing, for the next few hours and taking your phone
calls. And it gets like this more and more every day, but today is a particularly, absolutely
jam packed, absolutely crammed, loaded, stacked broadcast.
On so many fronts, we're going to report it all. The reported cop killer of these three
police officers out in Southern California, former a Navy veteran and a police officer
they ran out of the force a few years ago, who they claim has put out this manifesto
saying he's going to go after their families.
I've read both of his manifestos, if they're real. And let me tell you, if they're not
real, the person deserves a Nobel Prize for literature because it sounds exactly like
the MO of these mental patients that the system is now tracking and looking for and sifting
through who think it's celebrity to be a cop who are into the power trip.
How much he loves Biden, Obama, how he fantasizes about Hollywood, how he wants us to turn our
guns in, but he's going around saying he's going to kill innocent patrol cops. I mean,
he's going to kill people, which I'm not saying you should do, go after the guys he says did
something to him.
Now he's just randomly shooting patrol cops, reportedly, allegedly. And I've been studying
it since yesterday afternoon, just at a snapshot view, it looks like it's a real shooter. People
say, well, how do you know that? It's staged by Obama to have a guy go out and start killing
people who's an Obama supporter and loves Joe Biden and says, take the citizens guns.
Now, this is not the type of stuff the system wants, okay? Just at a glance, people say,
well, how do you know? Well, there's hundreds of points at a glance that just come up and
then I read both of his diatribes. And it's just the exact type of mental illness that
I was talking about last week where all these celebrity wannabes and celebrities are like
in this narcissistic delusion.
I liken it to what I've seen with five year olds or three year olds dressed up like superheroes
or princesses, if it's little girls. They're just feeling so good and they're having little
girls like to have fake beauty pageants or like to play like their princesses. And they
got all the fake jewels on imagining their princesses or little boys imagine that their
GI Joe commandos storming Cobra compound and they get excited because they are modeling
that in their mind.
And that's what the system does. It goes out and gets, now this is who they target, they
admit this is who they look for, kind of weak minded people. They can put a template down
in their mind where even if they're torturing secret arrests, setting people up, this is
how the good guys win. And it's like this fantasy.
You can see these type of people. I mean, I could tell whether somebody is a real police
officer with a real history or a real veteran or somebody who's actually been through some
real things and got into things because of family or background to wanted to really serve.
And then you can see types who are just strutting around. I mean, you can tell they're feeling
unsatisfied. And it's like living in the matrix. They must really be enjoying themselves, but
they're not living in reality.
And you see this with the McDonald's manager on a power trip being mean to their employees
and relishing giving the orders. And I mean, it's not just police, but they look for these
types and I've gone and really looked into this guy. And just I see all his photos where
the eyes are just gleaming and he's smiling. I've seen that look. I've seen that look.
It's I've arrived. I'm a superhero. I'm God. I'm a king. I'm a lord. I'm royalty. I'm a
movie star. I'm Marie Antoinette. There's an article here about politicians becoming
like Marie Antoinette in France where they're on just such power trips no matter who gets
into power. Now the socialists are in there just spending millions of euros a week on
their lavish lifestyle, on total power trips, just breaking down, hanging out with French
movie stars.
This is what happens when hollow scum gets power. And it is the most disgusting phenomenon.
It makes me sick. It absolutely makes me sick. Somebody with real power is humbled by it.
Somebody who has a real background is humbled by it and then also realizes how small they
are and understands how much potential they have, but then understands how you're not
living up to it.
And then there's so many opportunities and so many incredible things. And then you see
the ugliness and the dumbness of the general public. And it doesn't make you feel good
that they're dumbed down and ugly spiritually, but that it makes you feel bad. And you want
to lift people up. But it is just absolutely disgusting. So I'm gonna be talking about
that.
See, I can't tell you what's coming up cuz I should start writing a what's coming up
list after I look at all the news and stuff because I just tend to like, whenever I first
mention I just spend 30 minutes on that. This is a big deal with asteroid to diverse Earth's
satellite zones, NASA says. And it's just an incredible near miss if you believe what
they're saying.
And I don't believe this asteroid is gonna kill us. They're probably telling the truth.
But they lie so much and NASA has been caught lying so much that I just automatically have
a little twinge of concern. But an asteroid half the size of the US football field will
pass between Earth and orbiting satellites next week. Sparing the human race from the
fate suffered by dinosaurs, NASA says.
So we've got a NASA video from the Jet Propulsion Laboratory and some other news we're gonna
get to. We'll cover that one way or another, guys, at 45 after. I've got to stay on schedule
to get to all this. So coming up, I'm gonna get into that in T-minus 30 minutes exactly.
It's 15 after 14 minutes, 37 seconds right now into the hour. And then we're going to
get into another article dealing with real threats, British schools and hospitals could
be at risk in new horse meat fears.
Now look, horse meat is completely editable. Speaking of the French, it's actually a delicacy
over there. I'm not saying I like horse meat, I've had it before. But sitting here looking
at this, they're all freaking out. This is one of the biggest stories in the country
right now worldwide, that's all they're talking about.
Beef lasagna meats, 100% horse meat, Sky News, my gosh, reading horse meat. And it just shows
how they're scamming people. It shows how the system doesn't trust you, the pink, slime,
all of it. Of course, that's nothing compared to bromine and the Gatorade. And little girls
having babies at age seven and eight now and going into puberty at age three.
Guys, now it's age three. And then it's all in the documents that they picked plastics
out of hundreds and hundreds of formulae that would do that to you. See, you're not worried
about that, a horse meat. My gosh, I bet people go to jail over this, cuz the system loves
that.
Send you to jail over selling people horse meat, which it is fraud. They shove their
butt suit in the ground, not go to jail. But you put bromine, I mean, you know what bromine
does to you? Stunts your growth, accelerates your aging, cancer, behavior problems, neurological
disorders, IQ reduction, I mean, I drank some Gatorade yesterday just to see cuz it's not
out yet.
They said it's gonna be out in the next few months. And I was like, that's why it always
has that chemical taste. If you drink alcohol, you know what alcohol tastes like, bromine's
similar. That's why it's always had that antifreeze taste. Burger King UK reputation damaged by
horse meat scandal. You know who used to be the biggest owner of Burger King?
They sold it like seven years ago. The Queen of England, one of her company divisions,
owned it from the time it was founded. It literally is Burger King. Maybe they groom
her stool and then put that in the meat too. I mean, that's a joke, folks. It's Johnny
Carson, you know, or I guess that's Letterman.
Or maybe he ripped it off from Carson, Johnny Carson. Did you see Kevin Spacey do the Johnny
Carson imitation? That was powerful. That was powerful. And then Kevin Spacey made some
comment about, well, I'm not gonna get into it, the point is, yep, there you go. So it's
like, the giant asteroid may kill us, huh? Let's talk about Johnny Carson now.
That's what happens when I take off 24 hours and go swimming, fishing, camping, grilling
steaks over an open fire, and shooting a 50-cal BMG. I mean, I put the scope on that sucker.
We fired about ten rounds at 300 yards. In ten rounds, we were dead on the target. And
we said, hey, let's get out the Reaper now.
All right, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Boy. So that said, everybody's freaking out over the horse
meat. You know what you should really be freaking out about? It's this article up at prisonplanet.com
and mfoldwars.com from naturalnews.com. And I saw this a few weeks ago just in a medical
financial slash journal about, they were doing some press release for stocks for the company
about the first GMO vaccine.
And I meant to cover it, but here it is. I'm glad they wrote about it, Jonathan Benson
did. FDA approves first GMO flu vaccine containing reprogrammed insect virus. That's a great
idea because, you see, normally you can't get diseases that most insects have because
their biomechanical system, I see them as biomechanical, I know technically they're
not biomechanical, but they really are.
And with their little exoskeletons, they are reprogramming humans with insects, humans
with cows, humans with marsupials, humans with just every plant, animal variety you
can imagine. And it then allows the diseases and the susceptibility, this has been proven
that a pig had to something that humans didn't or vice versa, now jumps into that species
and allows it to jump into you.
I mean, this is the type of thing. And they're doing thousands of these things that I know
of every year. Well, they have thousands of laboratories doing tens of thousands of things
like this per laboratory per year. So see, it's not thousands of things a year, it's
hundreds of thousands a year of just giant factories with robot systems, firing with
gene guns, splicing everything you can imagine, and then putting it under electron microscopes
and putting it in fetal tissue cultures and, hey, let's put it in Pepsi and see what that
does. You want to talk about what's probably going to destroy us? It's something like this,
not an asteroid. Okay, but an asteroid rates too. But no, we're not worried about that.
It's carbon dioxide that plants breathe. Yeah, we need to pay global tax because of that.
That's real bad.
Attention gardeners and patriots, drought conditions in our nation's heartland and massive Federal
Reserve debt monetizing are creating the perfect conditions for dramatically higher food prices
in the months ahead. That means there has never been a better time to secure an ongoing
source of nutritionally dense food for you and your family. The Survival Seed Bank contains
the perfect mix of germination tested non-hybrid seeds. You get enough seeds to plant a full
acre crisis garden that can produce an endless supply of garden fresh food. These seeds have
not been genetically modified in any way. And the best part, right now, every Survival
Seed Bank comes with an additional $300 in free seeds. It's the biggest seed giveaway
in seed bank history. This is the original best-selling Survival Seed Bank seen on TV
nationwide. Don't miss this amazing Survival Seed giveaway at survivalseedbank.com. Remember,
in a real economic crisis, non-hybrid seeds are the ultimate barter item. Go to survivalseedbank.com
today. That's survivalseedbank.com.
Fall in love with food storage savings this February at beprepared.com. Going on now,
beprepared.com saves you over $300 with a premium 1,600 one-year supply, including 126
cans of freeze-dried and dehydrated food. Or get the new gourmet 14-day food supply
with a full 2,000 calories per day with pre-planned menu. Stroganoff and Noodles are 20% off with
purchase of six or more. Mountain House Pork Chops are back in stock at 34% off. Pack
your own low-moisture foods with our new do-it-yourself super pale combo on sale at 22% off. Add
to your preparedness with minor surgery kits at 15% off. And wool-blended blankets are
only $11.89. The February Fall in Love with Savings Sale ends February 28th at beprepared.com.
For contents and details, visit beprepared.com or call 800-999-1863. The choice is clear.
Be unprepared or beprepared.com.
Oh, great. Now I've got to go to court.
Meet Tina, now facing a future court date.
I can't afford an attorney.
Then learn how to represent yourself in court step by step without a lawyer.
How?
Online at howtowinincourt.com.
Howtowinincourt.com?
Howtowinincourt.com was created by a 27-year veteran attorney so you can know how to win
without a lawyer.
Now I can go to court with confidence.
Learn how at howtowinincourt.com. The leader in lawsuit self-help since 1997.
Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered why banks, stockbrokers, investment advisors
won't talk about gold IRAs? They've been available since 1986, yet the financial industry won't
recognize the value of gold for your retirement. Gold has outperformed paper investments, yet
no word about IRAs. If you would like to have gold for your retirement, call 800-686-2237.
Don't get left behind by rising inflation and low returns, call 800-686-2237. Secure
your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
Stress, harmony, mental alertness, physical well-being. If once you possess these qualities,
but stress now weighs you down, you can get your mental edge back in a holistic approach
with neutropic mind power from mindregard.com. Not a drug. Neutropic mind power is a lasting
proven natural supplement with 12 powerful ingredients in nutraceutical compounds and
are non-GMO. Plus, it's gluten-free, wheat-free, and formulated by Americans for Americans
by an NSF-certified laboratory. Neutropic mind power is available at mindregard.com,
spelled M-I-N-D-R-E-G-A-R-D.com, and comes with a 100% money-back guarantee. Free your
mind with neutropic mind power cognitive supplement from mindregard.com. Mindregard. Clearly see
tomorrow and yesterday today.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are back live. I am your host, Alex Jones. We're here Monday
through Friday, 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Central, blasting out on XM166 over 150 AM and FM affiliates.
And of course, the audio streams at infowars.com and prisonplanet.com. The video streams at
infowarsnews.com for the Infowars nightly news. You can also find it at prisonplanet.tv,
the original name of our now, what is it, nine or ten years that we've had, prisonplanet.tv.
Okay, let me just fire through some of the headlines. I can do this. And then come back
in the next segment and drill into the Second Amendment and then the economy. I've got to
get to all this. We've also got Bilderberg 2013, Key Intel. So that is coming up as well.
What they do when it comes to gun grabbing, I'm gonna cover this in the next segment is
they just push and push and push and push and then say, okay, you've won, we're not
getting your guns.
All right, you won the debate, even though we did win the debate, then they accelerate
the next big push. Everybody goes, well, I won. It's kinda like, you know what, you won
the fight, buddy, fair and square. I started it, you won, you busted my nose. How about
you give me a hand? And then the person shakes your hand, you left, hook them right in the
jaw. Or like, you know what, help me up, I'm sorry, you beat me and you throw sand in their
eyes.
I mean, you've got to understand these are crooks. I mean, as soon as you get that through
your head, you understand everything. They see you as a mark and of course they're gonna
lie. People think, all the liberals, they mean well, they're just dumb. Yeah, they go
to the Senate worth a million dollars and some estimates are she's worth 150 million.
People corrected me about Dianne Feinstein, I was using old numbers. I mean, most of them
are like that. I'll call her a crook, she's a crook. I don't care if she got a law passed
saying that they get a waiver from the Senate Ethics Committee.
What if the Senate Ethics Committee gave her a waiver that she could barbecue children
on her front lawn? It's like, hey, that woman's got a child on a spit over there rotating
them, roasting them, rotisserie. She's got one of its thighs there like a chicken leg,
a turkey leg eating it, arrest that woman.
No, no, that's a senator, she's above the law. And of course, that's where government
will lead, is with Miro roasting children, he actually did that and other things. The
Aztecs, the rest of it, I think I said I was gonna get to some of the headlines, didn't
I?
California announces semi-auto confiscation plan up at infowars.com. And the breathless
CBS News is so excited, California, the most populous state is leading the nation. Why,
they have a plan to only allow single shot firearms in the state, that's right.
Single shot firearms, firearms that only shoot one at a time, and it gets better. Yes, yes,
all the people that have the guns that are gonna be illegal, well, they gotta have them
in a program to make them turn those in.
At last, California will be safe for the defrocked police officer to reportedly run around shooting
other people. And then it shows cops all over the street running around with their 308 rifles
with, I saw a bunch of them with the silencers on the end, whatever that's needed for.
It's not to scare the public or they don't wanna wear earphones themselves, or whatever
the reason is. And helicopters, people are like out walking around a woman and a helicopter
lands and why are you videotaping me?
It's just insane. I've been out in LA quite a bit. I mean, it's like just choppers constantly.
Imagine when there's 30,000 drones, they've already budgeted it in last year's FAA funding.
30,000 drones, can you imagine what it's gonna be like?
I've already got army helicopters flying over my house every day, cuz I live off a creek
and I guess they use it to fly off of, as if they don't have all the GPS in there. And
it's just constant. And when I tried to get Travis County to not buy another helicopter,
it was like $11 million.
It flew to my parents' house, because for some reason that was my address that I'd never
said is my address, never lived at that house. I was moved out before they moved there. And
they came and hovered over the trees. This is like 12 years ago. Now my mom has an iPhone,
she would have got it on tape.
She comes out, they have the door open on the helicopter they had. They hadn't bought
the new ones yet and flipped her off. That is a great idea. You're gonna come flip me
off with my taxpayer paid for helicopter, Travis County. You need to go to the right
house.
Oh, this crazy former cop with his manifesto and all this, who allegedly reportedly looks
pretty bad to me. This fits the real MO, not the stage demo. The big Obama supporter, big
Piers Morgan supporter. He says, hey, take the citizens' guns. Look at how he's gone
haywire right there.
And he says he's gonna kill the families, reportedly, of the cops, kinda like you went
over and harassed my mom. Is that how your brains work? We'll be right back with a ton
of news, the asteroid, the gun grab and more.
Here on the march, the empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system,
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping
or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out Simply Safe. It's a new
do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to GetSimplySafe.com.
Simply Safe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power, so even if the grid
goes down, you are protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed. GetSimplySafe.com. Simply Safe is also ridiculously
easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger into
your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever
you go. You aren't always at home, but Simply Safe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com.
Looking back on 2012, I know personally I'm thanking God that my family and I made it
through the year from natural disasters like Hurricane Sandy and the devastating summer
drought to the family hardships brought on by a disastrous economy. Our hearts go out
to those that have lost everything. My friends at eFoods Direct hear from customers every
day that are fortunate to weather life's storm by having a supply of food on hand. Danny
from New York City wrote in following Hurricane Sandy and said, Almost all the grocery stores
are closed, but I managed to get my eFoods just in time to be able to help my sister
and my niece. Bottom line, it's better to be prepared 10 years too early than one day
too late. Heed Common Sense's warning and do what I've done. Call 800-409-5633 today
or go to eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex. They have the best tasting long term storable
food on the planet. Call 800-409-5633 and ask about the Alex Jones special or go to
eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex. Get self-sufficient today. Call 800-409-5633 or eFoodsDirect.com
forward slash Alex. Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased
need to support our immunity and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting
your needs by providing a full selection of silver based products. Our most popular silver
based products are the 32 ounce nano silver solutions, our 2 ounce nano silver nasal applicators
as well as our all natural silver soaps. Just released is our 100% natural silver gel. Our
new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents which quickly evaporate and leave the
silver at the surface but rather we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing
chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the
silver more effectively. Visit www.SilverLungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver
based products are best for you. That's www.SilverLungs.com.
Waging war on corruption. Clashing through the lies and disinformation. I'm Alex Jones,
your host. We're going to have open phones today. Let me go ahead and fire the toll free
number out for you. It's 800-259-9231 wide open phones on any issue you wish to cover.
Okay, let me run through again a bunch of the news here and then I'll get back into
the second amendment and then back into the asteroid report that I haven't even gotten
to yet with that video that we're going to be breaking down from NASA. And again, it's
not that I think this asteroid is going to kill us, it's that it's coming right by the
earth and it would, depending on estimates, be about like 100 large hydrogen bombs going
off depending on what type of megaton calculation you look at. That's what they're estimating.
Would not be, not be nice. Not be nice. It would probably cool the earth's temperature
down for a couple decades because it would throw so much dust into the atmosphere that
we know that's what happens. And I would not want to be within a couple thousand miles
of it either. I mean, it did hit something like, say, New York City. There are no New
York City left. And no Maryland left. Baltimore, Maryland, DC, all the way up to Toronto, past
Toronto would be in really bad shape, depending on what type of giant asteroid it is.
I said that's coming up, so I'm going to be talking about that. We've got some Bilderberg
news and more. Don't forget, we've got some new hot t-shirts. And when I say hot t-shirts,
they fund our operation and that's important to fund this truly independent pro-liberty,
pro-freedom news organization. But expanding on that, we've got the women's pink come and
take it, women's style, women's fit. And they do look extremely good on the ladies because
I've had a chance to see some ladies now wearing these. And they are very, very form-fitting
and they are available.
It is the pink AK-47 with the right to keep and bear arms inside of the gun and then come
and take it under the Texas style. There's a black one with a white lettering as well.
And we also have the come and take it for men in black. And then we have the new Obama
Tyrant Joker, a new Joker design. And it's going to be limited edition. We're going to
sell it just in 2013. We've brought that back with a new design. And on the back, it has
the come and take it, right to keep and bear arms channel, not being French. Best-selling
shirt design on the back. And on the front, it has the Obama Tyrant. And your purchase
of these t-shirts at Infowarsstore.com helps spread the word about liberty when you're
on the street.
It helps you meet like-minded people and helps fund our operation. So Infowars.com Obama
Tyrant shirts available at Infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139. 888-253-3139.
We also have in stock the ProPure water filtration stainless steel, blows all leading competition
away with the new Pro1 filters with the fluoride filter built into the same one filter impregnated
with silver, ceramic, white ceramic, just now light years ahead of the competition.
It was already many leagues ahead, but now light years. It's simple. I go out and find
the best filter that I choose to use. I go get them as a sponsor. Oh, man, what a novel
idea. ProPure available with the Pro1 new filters, all available at Infowarsshop.com
or Infowarsstore.com.
Okay, let's stop right there. Wow, let me just mention what I've got here that I haven't
gotten to yet and then I'll get into the asteroid news and the NASA report. Look at this, the
Benghazi thing is really starting to blow up. General on Benghazi, we never received
a request for support from the State Department. And of course, the State Department said that
they had requested support, but in the hour of the attack, things were bad communication
so no one can remember what happened.
You can always tell when somebody's lying because it's all vague. Turns out they were
never asked, the chairman says he was never asked, the Joint Chiefs of Staff Dempsey,
but he's saying I do not blame the State Department. And now we're hearing Panetta said Obama was
absent night of Benghazi raid. We've been told he was at the White House and of course
would have gotten that special briefing.
Let's get Colonel Schaefer on about this immediately, guys. Anthony Schaefer, it's time to get him
back on. No word from Hillary during a Benghazi attack. They're now saying that she was out
of the live. This is really getting ridiculous. But don't worry, there's a new poll out by
Quinnipiac University saying Hillary is the most popular person in America. And then second
after that is herpes, gonorrhea, and leeches, and cancer.
She even beat out cancer as most popular, it's now number five. I mean, I believe this
poll, I believe cancer is the fifth most popular person in America. I mean, you know this poll,
I mean, you know everybody loves Hillary Clinton. Everybody loves to turn their guns in. I mean,
you know there's a mandate right now, a big mandate, that Republicans should not have
any conservatism and turn their guns in, and have totally open borders, and government
financed abortion.
And the Boy Scouts will all be taught for their first merit badge, how to be gay. And
then second merit badge is how to report on your parents' firearms, and I'm not even joking
about that. I mean, that's completely normal, that's conservative. And if conservatives
wanna be in the game, Karl Rove, American Crossroads has said he agrees with the Democrats
and this big hoax they're running.
Well, okay, I'm a conspiracy theorist. Hillary is the most popular person in America. I mean,
I believe that. I believe that, like I believe jumping off a cliff would be fun, you know?
You guys believe that, don't you? Yeah, yeah. Reuters is picking it up. My goodness, they
had a poll at this university. What they do, go to a communist studies class or something?
Who's your favorite person? That'd be Hillary. You know what, I bet I could go to a Ku Klux
Klan rally.
You know what, I bet we should do this as a really sick parody, actually find a real
Klan rally. Well, last time I went to protest when they threatened to kill me and stuff,
maybe it's not a good idea. Anyways, the point is, go ahead and say, yeah, we conducted a
poll at the North Woods University, just call it that and go in it.
And here's the dean, the Grand Dragon, and here's all his other associates. Who's your
favorite person in America? And they'll say, Adolf Hitler. We'll go, well, the university
poll finds Adolf Hitler is the most popular person in America. My gosh, it's hilarious.
It's hilarious. I'm sorry. Okay, I'm gonna settle down. I've got some serious news to
talk about here, but, boy.
Anyways, I've been watching all this. As Glenn Beck says, Karl Rove is a fake conservative.
Call him me and FreedomWorks and Dick Armey. And then you've got Rove firing back, I'm
the real conservative, you're destroying America. Karl Rove, I raised $400 million and got two
people elected, and you didn't get anybody elected.
And FreedomWorks is like, how dare you? They don't know how to defend themselves. FreedomWorks
is not perfect, and I don't really trust Dick Armey, but they actually have done some pretty
good things. Even though Glenn Beck's associated with it, I will tell you, it is a lot better
than Karl Rove.
On the scale of things, like they say in Ghostbusters, imagine paranormal activity, each one of these
ghosts being one Twinkie. Well, imagine a Twinkie 80 feet long and weighing about 30
tons or whatever they say. He goes, that's a big Twinkie. I mean, I have to use the scattycological
stuff, we're talking about Karl Rove.
He's really obsessed with that, and all he talks about is poop all day. You didn't know
that his nickname is Turd Blossom by George W. Bush. Karl Rove is like a 80 foot long,
20 ton turd. And then Glenn Beck, he's like a porta potty that's been at the Super Bowl.
It's fully loaded, like a fully loaded baked potato.
His estrogen loaded, anyways, I'm sorry. So you got all, I'm sorry, I shouldn't be mean
like that. I always just always watch Glenn Beck prancing around, trying to act manly
and just the whole thing. Cuz some guys who are really tough try to act gentlemanly and
effeminate.
It's the opposite of like some British fencer that'll kill you in five seconds and switch
your throat, turn into a demon and climb around on top tables, versus people that really are
nelly like that. And it's not bad, I mean, it's okay, Glenn. Anyways, the point is, the
way his fantasies about me and Charlie Sheen, have you heard those?
I'm not joking, constantly on air fantasizes about gay sex and stuff with me and Charlie
Sheen. Hey, dude, Charlie likes women. I'm gonna give you a little newsflash. Believe
me, I've probably stayed at his house 15 times. Talk about a conspiracy theory. Excuse me,
I'm sorry. I'm gonna stop right there.
I have now entered the Twilight Zone. I think it's good therapy for me to go out and shoot
the 50 cal. My buddy had never shot a 50 cal and he just said, my God, I'm in love, I've
gotta have one of these. Well, good luck, the Barrett's are about a year back ordered
because the Department of Defense is buying all of them.
By the way, guys, will you print me the story from yesterday? Did you know they bought another
22 million bullets? It's 22 million, wasn't it? I was just listening to Watson on the
air and heard them covering it. Yeah, 22 million more, so he had it all up at something like
1.7 billion bullets since November 2011, like 14 months ago. Pretty darn amazing.
Yeah, DHS purchases 21.6 million more rounds of ammunition. My brain rounded up, but it's
proper to at 21.6. Didn't do too good in school. Don't know much about history. Don't know
much about geography. Don't know too much in the books I read, but that would be really
good intro music. I had that about 15 years ago. I want Sam Cooke. Don't know much about
his story, but I do know that I love you.
Man, anyways, getting back, I'm just so happy about the asteroid. It's asteroid time, asteroid
party. All right. Man, Richard took me sprinting this morning. He said, Alex, you're swimming
two miles a day. You're jogging three, four miles. You're lifting weights and you're getting
fatter.
And he goes, you put your body into stress mode. You gotta go sprint. And he took me
sprinting. And I probably hadn't really sprinted full power since I did one stint of track
and when I was a freshman. And it just felt so good to get my hippopotamus. I'm not really
that fat when I'm sitting over. I look fat, but the point I'm a little overweight. I lost
a lot of weight and quit doing all the young jabbie and now I'm going back to doing it.
This is not a morning zoo show. I think I am starting to go a little crazy though, I'm
being honest with everybody. Cuz I have just been, I mean, a man can only take so much
of this baloney. You know what it is why I'm laughing? It's so ridiculous. A poll put out
by some Soviet-style university that Hillary is the most popular person in America, period.
Who is the most popular person in America in real polls? Cuz you got real polls. It's
the lying ones that give the rest of the bad name. You gotta go off word of mouth common
sense and then go look at what the real PR firms are saying to each other and what companies
are really targeting.
Cuz see, they'll put out anti-gun propaganda while trying to sell you all the gun movies
and gun products. You see, it's the same thing. They sell what they want at you if it's propaganda
wise. When it comes to selling product for profit, everybody knows that Hillary Clinton's
probably got about a 5% approval rating with the general public.
Okay, let's just stop right there. You know, the Clintons would never do anything like
that. Let's just do this. Let's get into the asteroid right now. Let's go ahead and play
this clip on DA14, the asteroid. And this is from the Jet Propulsion Laboratory. And
they're telling everyone that do not worry, remain calm.
Don't worry about all those spaceships you see taking off, all the space shuttles out
of underground bunkers. Nevermind, Godzilla just came out of the sea and is attacking
Tokyo. Let me see who's calling from an unknown number.
Hello? Hey, how are you doing? We still on for that? Okay, so we're not. You wanna do
it next week or is that too late? All right, well, I understand. Let me do this. Let me
call you back in like three minutes, okay? All right, thanks, bye.
Geraldo Rivera had me booked for a Saturday show and then the winter storm hit and everything.
So I was gonna have fun going on. How about the Super Bowl and the Illuminati? Too bad,
too bad. I was looking forward to that. Because I mean, they were like, yeah, you're right.
It was 33 minutes of dark. And yeah, she did do the hand sign. And I'm not gonna explain
what it means when the Illuminati, but she does the hand sign and the all seeing eye
and then while shoving a microphone into it.
So it means something else as well. I didn't even get into that. Okay, you know what? I'm
not, you know what's happening? I'm not doing the asteroid justice here and I'm gonna do
a serious report on asteroids and then real threats facing us, which asteroids are on
the.
I should do a top 10 threats from my perspective. I have to go check all the statistics. One
of the top 10 threats is, no, no, no. She's one of the top 10 reasons the world's so wonderful.
There's a poll out on it. Again, she's number one, cancer is number two is most popular.
Heart disease is number three, the most popular person in America. Car wrecks is number four.
Brain hemorrhaging and strokes is number five, the most popular person in America.
Being run over by a car is number six. Well, I guess having your child die is number seven.
I mean, this is stuff that's popular. I guess the SWAT team, SWAT teaming the wrong house
and killing your dog, that's number eight. I mean, cuz I could go conduct a poll on that.
I could find a select group and do that. Now, what we're gonna do is I'll just take phone
calls for a couple segments because that little piece of news sent me off into a bad place
mentally, a good place where I don't wanna focus on all this.
And then I'll get into the economy and I'll get into the Bilderberg news and I'll get
into. Clint Eastwood says if DC doesn't give a damn, how can we? And we're gonna play that
clip for you. The princess wife of the communist scumbag running France says she has a Marie
Antoinette syndrome of life of luxury.
This is a really important article cuz it plays to so many of the bureaucrats and cops
and others that think they're God and get this royal attitude. This North Korean dictator
type just swaggering. The same look you see in North Korean police, you start to see in
big city cop size.
And like New York, Chicago, LA, I've seen it. And you see it, you're like, man, that's
a bad person. The swagger, the satisfaction, the arrogance. Hi, officer, can you tell me
where? And I've done this in New York since it happened to me first, for real. Many times
when I'm there, I'll see some police standing around with their hats sideways, smoking cigarettes,
stars, bellies hanging out.
And they're on duty. You're like, hi, officer, can you tell me where Central Park is? Do
I look like a phone book or a directory? Don't you have a smartphone? Where are you from?
And if you act scared, they'll go, all right, I'll tell you. Come over here, stupid little
monkey boy, and I'll tell you where it's at.
But if you actually bow up to them, they'll be like, get over here. Where are you going?
And your buddy talks, did I tell you to talk? This is actually on video in Marshall Long.
I'm talking to this guy. What, you missed the tough guy? Are you from Texas? You think
you're real tough being from down there in Texas? We'll be right back. Ladies and gentlemen.
Looking back on 2012, I know personally I'm thanking God that my family and I made it
through the year from natural disasters like Hurricane Sandy and the devastating summer
drought to the family hardships brought on by a disastrous economy.
Our hearts go out to those that have lost everything. My friends at E Foods Direct hear
from customers every day that are fortunate to weather life's storm by having a supply
of food on hand. Danny from New York City wrote in following Hurricane Sandy and said,
almost all the grocery stores are closed, but I managed to get my E Foods just in time
to be able to help my sister and my niece.
Bottom line, it's better to be prepared 10 years too early than one day too late. Eat
common senses warning and do what I've done. Call 800-409-5633 today or go to efoodsdirect.com
forward slash Alex. They have the best tasting long-term storable food on the planet. Call
800-409-5633 and ask about the Alex Jones special or go to efoodsdirect.com forward
slash Alex. Get self-sufficient today. Call 800-409-5633 or efoodsdirect.com forward slash
Alex.
Is your immune system under siege? Allergies and crippling immune diseases are on the rise.
Vaccines, radiation, and GMOs lead the charge against your health. Fortunately, health-conscious
consumers are enlisting the help of RNA drops. RNA drops turn on the signals and switches
in virtually every cell of your body to activate what science calls your junk DNA. RNA drops
provide you with the ammunition you need to win the war on disease, pain, depression,
and decline. Hear hours of testimonials from people just like you at rnafreesample.com.
That's rnafreesample.com. And order a free one-month supply of RNA drops. Pay only shipping
and handling at rnafreesample.com. Or call toll-free 888-577-3703. That's 888-577-3703.
Or visit rnafreesample.com.
Is this the year you finally get serious about your family's drinking water? If so, keep
listening for a special offer from Big Berkey Water Filters. Did you know that over 60%
of municipal water is fluoridated? Berkey Water Filters distinguish themselves from
many other filtration systems with the capability to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine,
fluoride, arsenic, and disinfection byproducts from municipal water via the black Berkey
and PF line of filters. Then there's affordability. At only 1.7 cents per gallon, Berkey Water
Filters purify treated and untreated water, even stagnant pond water. Stop and think how
much money you could save by simply reducing buying bottled water and using water filtered
by your Berkey Water Filter. No need to be constantly replacing expensive filters with
a Berkey. A single set of filters can last for 5 to 10 years. Choose the best size Berkey
for your needs at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com. And right now, all GCN listeners get 5% off
all ceramic filter systems. Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY. That's 877-99-BERKEY. Or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
Get free shipping on every order over $50. Big Berkey Water Filters, for the love of
clean water.
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us today. I just want to apologize for talking
bad about Hillary Clinton, the most popular person in America. According to a poll, Reuters
is carrying it. News flash, news flash, the moon is made of cheese. There's no, look at
that smile. Oh my gosh, that woman makes me sick. Get her off the screen. Don't they ever
go away? I've been hating this woman for 20 something years. Get out of my life, woman.
Go back to hell where you crawled out of. Goodness, and stop feeding us such bull. After
I take a bunch of calls and settle down, I will get into the asteroid and it's very serious
because it ties into a bunch of other stuff. And the whole policies of the globalists and
how nuts they are. They're drinking their own Kool-Aid. And they have Marie Antoinette
syndrome. I've said that many times. Now the media is saying it. The economy is so incredibly
important. We've got video of the Greeks fighting with each other over food just like Argentina
in 2000. And boy, let me tell you, that stuff starts up here. That's why they want the guns
now or to demonize the use of guns now ahead of the collapse.
That's why government's digging in. Did you notice that this guy shoots three cops and
they've got half of California from the middle down, paralyzed, no bike cops from halfway
up the state, all the way down to Mexico. No bicycles, no motorcycles. They're even
pulling people out of a lot of the cars in total fear when still statistically, I guarantee
you cops die every week in California in car wrecks.
I mean, I see it all the time in Texas. They die every couple days. And I know it's all
sexy like getting shot by a 223 round or whatever the guy's using. Look, they look like 223
because of small rifle holes in the windows of their cars. But I mean, they are just,
what do you think is gonna happen when the Civil War starts, guys?
You know how many Nazis got killed trying to take over different countries? I mean,
it was not fun. They ran out of people. And by the way, I'm not saying you're Nazis. I'm
saying if you go along with the globalist program and become the authoritarians, I'm
explaining this math to you one more time, doing you a favor here.
It's like telling your five-year-old, don't play in traffic, tell a two-year-old, don't
stick safety pins in the light sockets, honey. Cuz you get the point where your three-year-old
is trying to pull the plug protector off and trying to stick something in it. And you go,
listen, I got a French bulldog, his name's Sparky.
He had this name before he started doing this. I got another one called Captain. He likes
to chew the wires. And one time we're asleep, we're about to go to sleep, there's this big
white flash in the room. And Sparky had chewed through, this was just last year, through
the cord. And it exploded in his mouth, and he just had a little burns.
But the point was, it blew the breakers, the power went off, the air conditioner went off,
or it would have killed him. But the power instantly went off, so he got a short shock.
Did you know he chewed a couple more cords before he really got shocked and finally quit
doing it? That dog learned to stop doing it. So I'm gonna tell you something right now
as a real friend, okay?
Don't chew electrical wires. I know it's a conspiracy theory that there's invisible energy
flowing through there. You gotta be able to see it, but I assure you, it's in there. There
is electricity in that. And Hillary Clinton is not popular. I mean, I know it's a conspiracy,
having your own opinions is a conspiracy.
And you must receive what the mainstream media says or your conspiracy theories. You should
believe congenital wires. But I promise, I'm not going on a limb here. There are electrons
and neurons going through there at high speed, it's called focused power, it's electricity.
It's almost like it's particle beams. Electricity is a focus controlled form of particle beam
down conductive wiring.
That's what electricity is in your house. And you don't wanna chew those electrical
cords. Now I wanna tell the police something, okay? The dog didn't understand me, he kept
doing it until he finally figured out those little snakes or whatever he thinks they are
hurt.
You don't want to try to disarm the 160 million gun owners and start harassing us and messing
with us and then get a war going. Because if 1% fights back, that's 1.6 million combatants.
All they gotta do is go out and bag one cop, disappear, and every cop in America's dead,
which we don't want that to happen. We'll be right back.
Waging war on corruption, Alex Jones on the GCM radio network.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
All right, we're gonna go to your phone calls. I know you've discovered the new location
of Bilderberg so early this year, I find it hard to believe, but a lot of evidence pointing
towards that.
They're coming for the guns. I see I've kind of got an acclimated to it. Yeah, California
says they got the most to make you turn in all your semi-autos. It's no big deal though.
We're conspiracy theorists. We told you that was coming, but it's been proven right, but
I'm still bad. Let's go to your phone calls. Jonathan in New York, you're on the air. Go
ahead.
Hey, brother Alex, how you doing, man?
I am doing pretty good, Commander.
Nice, nice. Long time listener since 2004. First time caller. I live in New York State,
and it's just amazing what's happening here. I feel like a black sheep. I've lived here
for 28 years, and I definitely don't belong politically wise or anything. It's amazing.
My question for you is, you had a rant sometime I think last week about how you don't like
cowards, women don't like cowards, people don't like cowards. And I want to know, if
you were able to, that one little rant, put it on YouTube so I'm able to watch it on a
daily basis and for other people to watch it on a daily basis?
I don't remember what day it was, and we don't have the crew, the staff, the money to do
this. But yes, if we took my better little factoid rant nuggets and gave them good names
and put them on a guy on a rant gallery, they'd be incredibly popular. We just dump stuff
out in big giant. We do on prisonplanet.tv. Jon Bown takes the better rants and puts them
up on prisonplanet.tv. Do you remember what day it was, caller, and Jon will get that?
We should call it Alex Jones, God Hates a Coward, and it would go viral.
That's perfect. Yeah. Now you have to understand, people that are awake don't like cowards.
Women that are awake like real men, younger women that buy into the sitcom and drama world,
they think a wimpy husband and somebody that follows behind them that acts as a butler
is going to satisfy them. That's why they have divorce after divorce, because men that
are told act like fools, act weak, act stupid, act like the guy on the sitcom, you'll get
all the women.
And those guys are going, I'm not getting any women or not good women. I'm not finding
my mate here. I better act even dumber and more nonsensical. Let me tell you, when you're
focused, confident, and serious, to men out there, you're not gonna have a problem with
the ladies.
I mean, ladies want somebody who's real. Women are just so good. Anyways, getting back to
what I was saying, it's important, life is just good. And that's why I hate the tyrants.
I don't like watching something so good and so powerful and so real and so electric, so
magic being desecrated by gangs of lesser people that gang up together, black, white,
old, young, you name it, into group identities to then go enslave the rest of us.
And that's what humans do over and over again, the same nightmare, the same Groundhog Day,
the same permutation, every group does the same thing. And I'm just like, hey, it's time
to learn from the past and not repeat it. It's time to take the better examples of our
better angels, as it was said, and build towards a better future. And then they go, oh, that's
how you lose, the cynical fool says, well, yeah, blah, blah, blah.
And see, when tyranny is taking over, you can get ahead if you're willing to sell people
out and stuff for a while. But then all the resources run out, and then the common sense
gets attacked. If we just make things really evil, then we can thrive. And then they get
rid of common sense, then they shut down their competition, everything collapses.
And then they're wondering why everything gets so bad so quick. It's because living
in a world, liars think that when they lie to their friends, lie to their family, when
they cheat people, when they screw people, they're getting ahead. And they enjoy it.
It's like I found the secret, I'm winning. And you're not winning. It's like going and
playing a card game and cheating. What is the point of playing the card game? And they're
very unhappy people. These globalists are very unhappy people. They're very, very unhappy
people. God bless you, sir. I appreciate your call. All right, we're gonna go to Matt, Jeremy,
John, the Patriot poet, and Wilbur straight ahead. The toll free number to join us 800-259-9231.
800-259-9231. Stay with us. Millions of people are going to get sick this winter from colds,
flu and other illnesses. Don't be one of them. Protect yourself with Supernatural Silver,
a revolutionary new broad spectrum antibacterial solution. Recent advances in silver technology
have resulted in a silver solution that can be used daily to prevent bacteria, viruses,
mold and food poisoning and help improve wound healing. Supernatural Silver is safe enough
to consume every day while powerful enough to destroy the causes of many serious diseases
such as strep, staph, pneumonia, colds, flus and other harmful pathogens. This new technology
has the ability to terminate entire colonies of harmful bacteria at several hundred times
the effectiveness of colloidal or ionic silver solutions. The Science Digest Journal says
silver is our mightiest germ fighter. It is virtually non-toxic and is emerging as a wonder
of modern medicine. Go to SupernaturalSilver.com today and use the promo code silver2012 for
20% off. That's SupernaturalSilver.com and like us on Facebook. Looking back on 2012,
I know personally I'm thanking God that my family and I made it through the year from
natural disasters like Hurricane Sandy and the devastating summer drought to the family
hardships brought on by a disastrous economy. Our hearts go out to those that have lost
everything. My friends at eFoods Direct hear from customers every day that are fortunate
to weather life's storm by having a supply of food on hand. Danny from New York City
wrote in following Hurricane Sandy and said, almost all the grocery stores are closed,
but I managed to get my eFoods just in time to be able to help my sister and my niece.
Bottom line, it's better to be prepared 10 years too early than one day too late. Heed
common sense as warning and do what I've done. Call 800-409-5633 today or go to eFoodsDirect.com
forward slash Alex. They have the best tasting long term storable food on the planet. Call
800-409-5633 and ask about the Alex Jones special or go to eFoodsDirect.com forward
slash Alex. Get self-sufficient today. Call 800-409-5633 or eFoodsDirect.com forward slash
Alex. You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home
security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out Simply
Safe. It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to
GetSimplySafe.com. Simply Safe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power,
so even if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use
it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed. GetSimplySafe.com. Simply
Safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no
need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take
the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home, but Simply Safe will stand
guard protecting your property 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com.
Big Brother. Mainstream media. Government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us on this Friday edition of the Worldwide
Transmission. It is the eighth day, the eighth day of February 2013. Coming up in the next
hour, I'll continue with your calls and a ton of news. In fact, I'm going to take calls
right now. Then at the bottom of the hour, I'm going to get into shades of Sandy. Drivers
face long lines at gas stations before another West Coast blizzard. And I wonder if people
are going to beg for FEMA to show up when they never do, except to take your property
in the aftermath.
Or I wonder if FEMA, like they did in New Jersey and New York, will put up signs saying,
gone because of storm. Closed because of storm. Wow. Wow. A giant federal agency that gets
how many billions of dollars a year? Gone for storm. And everybody like begging the
government to help them. I mean, you got to be self-sufficient or at least try or count
on your neighbors, folks. Neighbors. That's the millions of people, not the government
bureaucrats who are too busy strutting around, acting official and powerful.
Speaking of strutting around, man, I got the news articles I'm going to cover at the bottom
of the hour. The police in Southern California are shooting up trucks randomly. The reported
former cop that's gone crazy with these manifestos, if it's real, looks like it is, has the MO
of something real, has killed three cops, says he'll kill more, burn up his silver truck.
So a blue truck of the same make and model. But I mean, there's millions of that truck
in the US. They shot up two women in a truck, and they're like beating people up and pulling
them out of cars.
And there's video at infowars.com where this woman or a boyfriend are out in the middle
of the desert rock pounding, and the helicopter flies around them, and then the helicopter
lands, why are you filming me? And who are you here? He runs their background, he goes,
I'm gonna search you now without a warrant and searches them, and then goes and gets
back in his helicopter and takes off.
And that was before the murder. Really, I see, I was misunderstanding it cuz I was reading
all the comments imagining, cuz this video just came out yesterday. This must be in a
manhunt. And people think this is so unreasonable. Well, this has to be part of the manhunt.
It turns out it's not. I mean, that is so incredibly crazy that in America, this video
is up at infowars.com.
Now if you're walking around a mile off the highway, something I've done many times, just
in the middle of the desert, high desert of California, a lot of times I'll just stop
the car. Hey, let's go climb that little knoll over there. Yeah, we can skip some exercise.
And I just cannot imagine the police flying around you in a helicopter and then getting
aggressive.
Don't video me, I'm gonna land. I mean, government has just gone crazy. A video cop lands helicopter
to harass woman. And then it comes flying right over the top of the hill, really low
and comes right in and jumps out and ask her what she's up to.
Is that where our tax money goes? Like each citizen will be assigned a helicopter to follow
us. Or during the day, we can work at the helicopter bases and serve them and give massages
to the police and maybe worship them, just like a worship center and we all bow down
to them.
Okay, I'm sorry. Look, I'm not anti-police, but we know police are bad in North Korea.
We know police were bad in communist Russia. We know police are bad in Cuba under communism.
We know they're bad in all these authoritarian states. You know, when you watch an old movie,
reenacting real things that happened in history with issues in Rome or something, where they
had the Praetorian enforcers and police and they could just do whatever they wanted or
rape your daughter if they wanted or take your money if they wanted.
You know, in Mexico, the cops are bad by and large, incredibly bad, incredibly corrupt,
shaking people down. I remember driving in a Volkswagen when I was like eight years old
in Mexico, rented from Cancun to, I think it was Chichen Itza or something, and driving
a few hours, stopping eating, and the cops sitting there at a checkpoint and they pull
up and demand money from my dad.
And I've seen that done to other people. And that's just what it is. But nowadays, that'll
be treason because the image of North Korea's dictator, the image of police, the image of
government is God. It's like an idol. It's like in Raiders of the Lost Ark where he's
got the gold idol at the beginning of the movie and he's running and the bad guy gets
him and gets the idol and then they do whatever he says because he has the idol and the guy
holds the idol up and the natives all bow down to it.
That woman should have hit her knees when that helicopter landed. I mean, she should
have hit her knees. No, no, no, no, no. To honor the officer, she should have pulled
out a knife and slit her throat and said, I offer you blood like the Aztecs did and
just sprayed her carotid artery blood all over the sand.
Guys, isn't that what you should do when a God? Yeah. I mean, if you see a cop and you
have a child, you need to carry a blender with you, hooked up, and just cram a baby
right in it. I give you offering. I'm sorry. No, I mean, that's what governments always
demand is our children. Every culture ends up demanding human sacrifice of children.
We'll play part of that video later. It's nine minutes long. It's up on Infowars.com.
Here's some of the headlines up at Infowars.com. Seattle mayor banned police from using drones.
That's more like it.
Dems in Colorado moved to hold gun manufacturers liable for shootings. Oh yeah, and now they
want insurance on gun owners. Imagine if Christopher Dorner, you know what, you got to demand all
knife makers. You got to have insurance to have a knife. And that's where it's going.
The big banks on the insurance companies. They're going to make you get government social
as healthcare. They're going to make you get more and more in your cars. The price will
go up because they can force you to do it.
They're going to make you pay to have knives, make you pay to be a parent. They're talking
about insurance. Imagine if Christopher Dorner was a Tea Party member. Paul Watson's got
a key article. I didn't print that. Will you guys print me that? And California announces
semi-auto confiscation plan. Yeah, all semi-autos to be banned and turned in. Only bolt action
or single shot to be allowed. And then it'll be like other countries, once they ban that,
they always then ban the single shot.
And they're now trying that in Australia right now while the government goes full auto and
buys giant armored vehicles. Anyways, 30 year CIA vet talks false flags at Brookings Institute.
They have a 30 year CIA veteran has gone public, very highly respected, saying our government
staging terror attacks in Africa as a pretext to invade. That's the Brookings Institution.
That's where you go when you're already a double PhD and have already headed some billion
dollar company or something.
That's all like former secretaries of state, former secretaries of treasury. Doesn't get
any more elitist. Dr. Paul Craig Roberts has been the Brookings Institute. That's where
elites go to really who can't understand it all. Okay, how do I go and understand how
this really works?
So it's a public paper they put out where he wrote a paper admitting our government
staging terror attacks and running Al Qaeda. I mean, can't we just admit what's admitted?
I mean, I'm on Piers Morgan, he goes, you're the guy that says George W Bush did 9-11.
And I didn't have time to even say no, George W Bush is a complete puppet. If you see the
new hacked photos, he lives in the bathtub, drawing pictures. Obama is an active globalist,
but he's not running things.
He goes from meeting to meeting to meeting. It's like the president of a company is usually
the PR guy who has to go to the golf events and go talk to the little old ladies. And
the PR fan and the CEO and the heads of strategy and the chief technology officers and the
futurist board, that's who's running the company. And presidents are, well, I just said they're
like company presidents.
Does that mean they're like presidents? That's what it's modeled after right there. The president
is somebody the Congress likes, the people like, somebody we trust to be the face of
a war if Congress has to declare it. See, now all of that's being turned around backwards.
And of course, who controlled the Congress until 1913 with the 17th Amendment was the
states, the state legislatures. They ran the show. Davy Crockett didn't do what he was
told in Congress. They called him back. What was it, Tennessee? They called old Davy Crockett
back.
He wouldn't do what they said. Listen, get down here, boy. We sent you up to do what
we told you. The states controlled the senators. You didn't elect the senator. You elected
your representative who you knew and who you could go visit with. And then he or she, they
went up there and put the senator in.
And then you popularly elected the House members. It was all meant to separate power. The most
separated group were the state legislatures, 20 or 30 of them at the time, depending on
which period, and then all up there so you don't get a dictator. And then they don't
even trust the president when this country was set up.
You don't get to commission officers. The president, if he was a tyrant, like it happened
in countless other countries, would become a king. And how would he do that? He would
appoint his officer corps. He would go pick men who would bring in a dictatorship for
him. When the Germans wanted to take over in the mid 1930s in the US, they did the same
thing they tried in England, where they went and recruited the prince who later became
the king, who'd be their puppet king when they took over.
They didn't know they'd been double infiltrated. The globalists had actually put them in power
to set them up. They're like, no Nazis, we're not gonna let you take over. See, we put you
in power and you don't even know that because you're arrogant and on power trips and don't
know you've been set up by a British intelligence mind that ran the British Empire.
Because your arrogance is your undoing, Hitler. You were put in by British intelligence. It's
now been declassified. You moron. Anyways, so they came over here and they went to Smedley
Butler, the two-time Congressional Medal of Honor Marine Corps general and a bunch of
others.
And got them all in big meetings and said, we're gonna make you all basically dictators
and Smedley will make you president if you go along with all this. Because the Nazis
were like, we like a war hero as the president. How would you like to be the American Fuhrer?
And Prescott Bush here will be your vice president. How does that sound? Why, that just sounds
swell to me, boss.
And he went and set them up and brought them down. Didn't mean Roosevelt was any better.
He was gonna make deals with Stalin. The point is, is that that's how this stuff works. And
so that's why you have separation of power and government. I haven't gotten to the news.
I'm gonna go to your calls the next segment. We're gonna go to Matt and then we're gonna
go to Patriot poet and Jeremy and John and Dr. Jones. Is that my dad calling? No, that's
North Carolina. Navy man facing charges. We'll see what he has to say. All of this and more
straight ahead.
And then I'll get into the asteroid, I promise, that's gonna pass the closest of any large
asteroid in recent record. And the government says everything's fine, so I'm sure it is.
And a lot more, stay with us.
Looking back on 2012, I know personally I'm thanking God that my family and I made it
through the year from natural disasters like Hurricane Sandy and the devastating summer
drought to the family hardships brought on by a disastrous economy. Our hearts go out
to those that have lost everything. My friends at E Foods Direct hear from customers every
day that are fortunate to weather life's storm by having a supply of food on hand. Danny
from New York City wrote in following Hurricane Sandy and said, almost all the grocery stores
are closed, but I managed to get my E Foods just in time to be able to help my sister
and my niece. Bottom line, it's better to be prepared 10 years too early and one day
too late. Heed Common Sense's warning and do what I've done. Call 800-409-5633 today
or go to efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex. They have the best tasting long term storable
food on the planet. Call 800-409-5633 and ask about the Alex Jones special or go to
efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex. Get self-sufficient today. Call 800-409-5633 or efoodsdirect.com
forward slash Alex. Hi there. My name is Frank Bates. What I'm about to tell you in the next
60 seconds could get me in a lot of trouble. I just created a free video presentation at
123coverup.com that exposes the electricity monopolies and government agencies for what
they really are, incompetent line crooks that are counting on your ignorance and fear to
keep your power bills criminally high. Some have called this a conspiracy. Others have
called it a cover up and you will be shocked to find out how deep the conspiracy goes.
My video at 123coverup.com exposes the truth and shows you the secret of how I beat them
and how you can beat them too. Watch the controversial video that thousands of other smart patriots
have already seen in the last three months. Go to 123coverup.com and discover one weird
trick to slash your power bill and protect your home. Go watch my video now at 123coverup.com
before they force me to shut it down. Again, that's 123coverup.com.
Stop the pain from broken, chipped and damaged nails and eliminate toenail fungus with a
revolutionary new nail hardener, Nails of Steel. Just apply one drop of Nails of Steel
over natural or polished nails and go. With Nails of Steel, there's virtually no drying
time and it's guaranteed. Try this all natural antifungal and herbal formula for women and
men. Call 816-896-8307 or get free shipping at NailsofSteel.com. NailsofSteel.com. It's
like a salon in a bottle. We the people grow cotton, wheat fabric, engrave ink, embed strips
and fibers to protect from counterfeit and carting to a private bank, having it led back
at interest, forcing taxes to service debt. This capitalism or was Jefferson correct when
stating a central bank issuing the public currency is a greater menace to the liberties
of the people than a standing army? Hi, Ted Anderson. I'm placing a silver dollar in a
book explains our monetary system. Call for your copy. 800-686-2237. It's time to understand
the system. Call 800-686-2237. That's 800-686-2237. Hello, this is Ty Bollinger, author of the
bestselling book, Cancer Step Outside the Box. I want you to know some very important
information. In 1985, President Ronald Reagan requested that Carnivora be sent directly
to the White House at a time when only the president could obtain this world class healer.
Now 27 years later, Carnivora capsules are used around the world to keep people healthy.
Now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in this age of superbugs with 17 naturally
occurring compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal cells only without harming a single
normal cell. If you want to stay healthy, now's your chance to literally wake up your
critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders that don't belong in your body. Call 1-866-Venus-Fly
or order from Carnivora.com. That's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A dot com. That's 1-866-836-8735, 1-866-Venus-Fly
or visit Carnivora.com. Protect your immune system. It's the only one you've got.
Again, I cannot encourage you enough to go to Infowars.com because there's a ton of news
we don't get to on the radio that is up on the site, videos, audio. I got to say it's
the best site out there overall for anti-New World Order pro-liberty news. For just general
fast breaking news and full spectrum, DrudgeReport.com is about as good as it gets. And Drudge carried
our article about 21.6 million more bullets bought by Homeland Security. I'm going to
be talking about that after calls. But no free man shall ever be debarred the use of
arms. Thomas Jefferson, we have a great little factoid slash meme. And we put more and more
stuff like that on the front page of prisonplanted.com and Infowars.com. Go and copy that and repost
it to Facebook. There's a reason they've been trying to block stuff like that, because we
have power.
Just constantly be waking people up, constantly be a porky pig, constantly be the porky pig,
constantly be a beacon of liberty. It's a propaganda war. We use truth, common sense,
they use lies. Okay, let's go to your calls. Matt in Washington, DC, thank you for holding.
You are on the air, sir.
Hey, Alex, thanks for taking my call. The solution I wanted to bring to the table today
is food cooperatives. However, as a board director, I can tell you through personal
experience that food cooperatives are in a battle right now. The old generation of co-op
hippies from the 60s think that the fight has been won. They think that because organic
and natural is now mainstream, there's nothing more to fight for.
John Mackey, the founder of Whole Foods, actually came out of co-op. Your listeners know that
organic and natural food became more popular and the integrity of these terms are now being
sacrificed. It's interesting that all the largest organic retailers make up the panel
that determines what can be considered certified organic. Do you think they have the people
in mind or their stockholders' interests at heart?
Cooperatives are member-owned and operated. It takes volunteer and sacrifice. But people
have a grocery store they own and can vote on decisions to take that power back. I would
like to call upon Alex Jones, listeners in the Austin area, to mark your calendars for
June 6th, 7th, and 8th. This is the largest cooperative conference in the country, taking
place sponsored by the Wheatfield Co-op in Austin, Texas. If you, Alex, and your team
could get involved in this conference directly or indirectly-
Yeah, it'd be great. Listen, here's the deal. I'm not a big fan of people calling in with
red statements, because it just sounds so canned. But yes, the globalists, if they can't
beat it, they join it. So now they're saying you're basically of the devil if you don't
like GMO. And we're not talking about crossing two plants or varieties. We're talking about
putting insect genes in it, you name it. This stuff's deadly. And Whole Foods is just totally
caved in, because they were gonna basically put the guy in jail with SEC stuff on stock
manipulation or whatever that they were alleging.
So it's very sad. But yes, we need to get away from GMO. I totally agree with you, and
I appreciate your call. Let's go ahead and talk to Patriot Poet in Michigan. You're on
the air. Go ahead.
Mr. Jones.
Hey, buddy.
Hey, what's up, man? Listen, first, I want to compliment you on your absurd video on
being a snitch for big shits, Janet Dunne video of the pilot dino. That's hilarious.
Which one is that? The one where I am by the part of my grocery store. Yeah. It's like,
I gotta do it for Janet. No, I'm a member of an elite team. Every member of the American
population is now a terrorist. Yeah, that's hilarious. What's that video called? It's
called Snitch society. Alex, there's a, I want to get to my talking points. I just want
to blitz students real quick. There's a video coming. I mean a movie coming out called Snitch
with that rock guy. It's about his son taking out, his son's got a drug problem, and his
dad takes out an old drug cartel or something. It's called Snitch straight up. They're just
coming out with this shit. Snitch. Excuse my-
I got to let you go, buddy. Yeah, I'd love to be able to hear from you, but then we got
to delay you out, and it's like fun to cuss on air, I know, but then we have to delay
you out, then I just got to let you go. I wanted to be able to hear what you had to
say, but sorry. Let's go ahead and talk to Jeremy in Texas. You're on the air, sir.
How you doing, Alex?
Good, sir.
I've seen all your movies, man. I'm a true-through-yourself. I've done all my work and all this, but I
have a more personal problem I need your help with, maybe. The state of Texas accused me
of something that I was ruled out of, and then I was taken to court, and then when I
tried to tell them, they weren't giving me a lawyer or anything, and they- when I tried
to tell the judge constitutionally there was nothing wrong, they just told me that I had
no rights, I had to shut up, and they actually made 12 guards, forced me out of the courthouse,
onto the streets-
Yeah, sir, judicial tyranny is absolutely insane. They're arresting people everywhere
for not vaccinating their children when there's no law. They're arresting people that don't
want their 10-year-old to have an abortion and say no, that they're making churches pay
for abortions. Next, they'll have them in the factories, like at Foxconn and Al Gore's
Apple system. I mean, I'm sorry, it's just, I mean, I can't help everybody. I mean, you
know, the caller's like, come to our Wheatsville co-op, come do our thing. I mean, I'm totally
overwhelmed. Yes, we have tyranny coming down on us, and they put people in jail all the
time for things that aren't even in the code, or they use fraudulent code because they've
got kept juries that would put a newborn baby in prison.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride, and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing
technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media
for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one filter element. It is the only
one that does it, and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code
water. This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides,
chloramines, ammonia, and chlorine. Hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not
covered by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure
with the new Pro One filters today at Infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Bend Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you're using now, or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom
lovers. A prognosis for the entire planetary economic system runs from bad to worse. The
globalist model is to shut down societies and starve patriots out until they acquiesce
to the global takeover. That's why we've assembled the most vital and important preparedness
items at infowarshop.com. These are items that I did research on, that I personally
use. You've got the LifeStraw so you can turn fetid water into safe water anywhere you go.
The Ktor Hand Crank Generator to charge up key equipment during power outages or out
in the field. Strategic Relocation Third Edition by Joel Skousen. When Disaster Strikes by
Matthew Stein. TheraSafe used by Homeland Security to protect yourself during any radiological
event. Hand Crank Shortwave AM FM radios. Everything that we've researched and found
to be the best is available at infowarshop.com and your purchase makes our info war possible.
We're getting prepared. Are you? Infowarsshop.com. What movie is it where they are talking to
kids and one says, do you have asteroids? The video game? Do you have asteroids? No,
but my dad does. We're gonna be, yeah, National Lampoon's, there you go. We're gonna be going
over asteroids, diverse Earth satellite zones, NASA says, coming up here after I take some
more calls.
And again, we don't screen your calls. Sometimes they're great calls. Sometimes they're terrible
calls. I'm not saying the last callers were terrible. I have people calling here every
day saying the government just took my newborn baby for no reason because I wouldn't take
vaccines. What do I do? Well, I mean, it's totally illegal. There's no law to take it,
but they've got these family courts that are totally criminal.
And all I can do is say, stand up America. Know a hospital's dangerous. Know your rights.
Have it in the birth plan beforehand that you're not getting vaccines. Know that it's
not illegal. Know that when they take your kid, they're gonna trick you into agreeing
that you were having some type of malfeasance or were neglective.
See they take your kid to get you scared and have you sign papers to give them away. They're
kidnappers. Well, give me the kid back. You sign the papers. Don't read them, sign it.
I mean, it's knowing crooks have taken over and the crooks are in such power that everybody
just does what they say. The average nurse isn't a crook. They're just sacks of cowardly
follower, TV head, hollow garbage.
I don't like the evil people that know what they're doing, but at least I respect them
cuz I know they've decided to join Satan. And just hug Satan and said, take me straight
to Hades, the fastest express elevator you've got. But the soft, focused on themselves,
lazy fake people that are there, greasing and oiling the sled that we're gonna go down
into hell in.
I don't like you. I don't like your beady eyes. I don't like your cowardly ways. I don't
like your chicken neck. You understand me, you filth? Believe me, I know all about the
times. I know all about what they're doing to people right now. It makes me angry. I
empathize with all these people, okay?
I can hear and feel their screams. I don't like it. The globalists do though. It's like
music to their ears. You don't like? I don't like nails on a chalkboard. They like it.
You know, a lot of people don't like being beaten with bullwebs, but there are people
that do. And I gotta go to your calls or I'll never get to them. We're gonna get into the
reported cop that is running around shooting people and then how the police are involved
in an orgy of violence against the citizens.
I see the videos of the police in Southern California. And so many of them look like
they're angry and feeling sorry for themselves. And it's also real exciting. You got a better
chance of dying driving down the road than you do being shot by this guy. So stop drama
queening and stop shooting up. It's like, they shot up some women who were in a similar
truck.
Really? Totally different color. Women throwing papers on a paper route out. One woman driving,
other woman throwing papers out. You don't know what that is. And you shoot them. Shoot
one in the head, shoot one in the back. And there's no apologies. There's no, it's like,
well, they're scared. It's like, well, I mean, why not just shoot up a school bus then?
Hey, we're a little concerned right now. Why not have laws rockets and just shoot them
into the nearest school bus? There might be a terrorist on that school bus. Let's just
blow that up. And I'm telling you what it is, the psychology of this is, a lot of these
cops join the military to be Rambo at first.
And again, police join to be police cuz their family have been police. Or because they have
a military background, they don't know what other job to get. And then they join the military
cuz of family reasons or convictions or whatever. There's a lot of good people in the military,
a lot of good police. But the people running the military police are bad. So it doesn't
matter. You're being used as a tool incrementally to do something that's unconstitutional.
Therefore, you become the problem. And I thought this video I saw where the cop lands the helicopter
out in Southern California in the desert and harasses her and her boyfriend who were just
walking along rock hunting and then frisk him without probable cause. I thought that
was because of this manhunt, it's not. But it's just the attitude of, you know what,
we may shoot you if we feel like it.
Because one guy who joined the Navy and all this anti-terror commando training and he
loves Obama and he loves Biden, this is the alleged guy. And you read his manifesto, it's
just into the childlike mind of these people. I've been around it, I've seen it, I know
it. These people are little kids. I watched the Austin police cadets one morning cuz Barton
Springs was closed.
I watched him at Deep Eddy do swim training and about a third of them couldn't swim and
were just fighting and they have to pull them out. The others swam okay and then the quote
commando guys jumped in, go I'll show you how to swim, watch this. And they were not
good swimmers and I'm not somebody who's like Mr. Sports jock tough guy.
But I bet you money, if I randomly pulled up at any park and told 30 guys, hey, come
over here, we're doing a contest, see who the best swimmer is? I'll guarantee you that
they would be ten times better swimmers. I mean I was freaked out. I was freaked out
watching the police cadets and I went over and talked to some of the cops and they were
coming back up and I go, so are you guys, what is this?
Are you new? You've been accepted as a cadet? Cuz they're like, yeah, we're not new, we're
about to graduate. And they weren't swimming with heavy weights on or something like a
dive class where you gotta go down in the dark and get a master diving and cut your
way out of things with a knife or whatever.
I mean these guys would all be dead 100 feet down in Lake Travis trying to cut their way
out of netting. It freaked me out, man. It freaked me out because that's who they want.
They don't want tough guys anymore. They want drones. And I was watching these cops. They
all looked like they were on roids or lifted weights all day and they looked like little
kids.
They had the same look in their eye this guy had.
I'm a commando. You have never dealt with anything like you're about to deal for me.
And I will kill your families. And I like Obama and I don't like the gun owners. And
only officers should have guns. And you officers are racist, so I'm gonna kill you, like Django.
You know, they had some machete attacks all over Latin America in movie theaters and stuff
and after movie theater showings in the US. And the media said, no race attacks, Alex,
after the movie Machete, really, where the Mexicans rise up and kill all the evil white
people, where all the white people are evil.
And then you have Django, which I will not go see, but I've read now the public boil
down of it, that is just designed to create racial tension. And the guy's like, hey, whites
are racist, I'm gonna kill them. And it just totally feeds into this mindlessness of it
all. The discrimination is the bio and chemical weapons in the food and water in the GMO.
The discrimination is insect genes being engineered into new Bill Gates clothing where they force
vaccinate you. The real discrimination is having $85 billion a month of tax money added
to derivatives and destroyed to bankrupt us. In fact, I'm gonna go to some of these articles
and then go to your calls cuz I've got to get to this.
Let's go to the economy. We were gonna show Greeks for TV viewers and radio listeners,
I'll describe it, battling like an Argentina 12 years ago over food. They were as wealthy
as we were 12, 13 years ago and overnight had their bankers sign them over to the globalist
and they bankrupted them by design.
That came out in the IMF World Bank documents one year later in March of 2002. And there
were doctors and lawyers with their families, good looking families, not just like vagabond
to generally poor people, which is sad as well. A truck had come over with a trailer
with some cows on it, and they were there with scissors and knives hacking out globulates
of meat, gobbling it.
Try not eating for a couple days, see how you start acting. And Ted Anderson was down
there a decade after it happened on his honeymoon, he got remarried. And he said it was like
people that look like Americans. He said good looking families, said it freaked him out,
he couldn't wait to get out of there.
Good looking families living in doorways and stuff. You'd see a woman with a guy in a sports
jacket shivering in the corner, cuz I've seen the videos on, I know what Doug's talking
about. And cuz he said it was cold when he was in one particular city. And the kids are
like 12, 13 years old, and he would go and talk to them and find out, yeah, we lost everything.
Yeah, I was a doctor, I was a lawyer, I was a shop owner. I mean, this is what happens,
folks, it will all just implode.
And the thing is, it doesn't have to happen. They're not gearing up for World War III against
us cuz they wanna play tiddlywinks. Look at some of these articles. Obama says he will
focus on job creation. He's getting rid of the Jobs Council, which mandates that small
business groups get government contracts.
It just goes to no bid contract foreign globalist, okay? I mean, this is a sick joke, raising
payroll taxes, Obamacare, killing business, massive shrinking in GDP, massive shrinkage
in everything. I mean, just designed to bankrupt you, agenda 21. They even admit that in their
policy reports. Here it is, Fed has bought more US debt this year than Treasury has issued.
You understand that? The Fed is buying more debt than was even issued. Unbelievable, I
don't know how that's possible. They bought 16.4327 trillion, that's the national debt.
But notice we've been signed on to 60, excuse me, 1.5 quadrillion, 6,600. I can't even get
these numbers right, they're so big.
The global debt they've signed us on to that's fake is 1.4 quadrillion, no, 1.5 quadrillion.
And so the amount that they've signed us on to is 664 trillion, excuse me. Finally, numbers
like that you just can't say them correctly cuz your mind automatically rounds down because
it can't imagine it.
So why are we signed on to this and told by the banks we're in debt to them when we've
bailed them out for the 600 plus trill, but our debt is 16.4327 trill. See the math there?
Now, I wanna go to this, this video is up at prisonplanet.com and infowars.com by Max
Slava, wrote a great article about this. It says Greeks fight for food, I never imagined
I would end up here.
The once a bastion of European success at the center of tourism, the country of Greece
has become the harbinger of things to come for the rest of the world's developed nations.
Images of people struggling to seize bags of tomatoes and leaks thrown from a truck
dominated television triggering a bout of soul searching over the new depths of poverty
and debt laden country.
And again, it's not even their debt. Iceland found out that 97%, it was like 92, 93% of
their debt wasn't theirs. And they went, well, we're just gonna arrest all the banking minister,
the finance minister and these three British banks that run our country. We're just gonna
arrest you. You told us we owed this. And then when you can't arrest us, and England
said the Icelanders were all terrorists, all the entire country, that was in the headlines.
And that their money would be seized and they couldn't travel anywhere and British airlines
wouldn't fly there and they said fine, fine, we don't owe this.
And two years later, they've arrested a whole bunch of the bank ministers. Some have already
been convicted and they're in jail. Of course, the bankers that ran them are over in England
and the US and Europe. But they just said, you know what, this isn't our debt. Same number
in Greece, around 90% was not their debt.
Same thing in Ireland. Same thing, they sign us on to their debt and then tell us how we're
deadbeats. And they've had the head of the IMF say the Greeks should work six, seven
days a week. Well, she is exempt from federal global taxes under the EU. That's what it
is at the beginning of the global tax. And see, there's just all this data. That's why
it's impossible to cover this news because there's stories behind every one of these
stories.
And they're gearing up Homeland Security and 1.7 billion bullets and the bunkers and the
checkpoints and the counterterrorism training to target gun owners. Because they're gonna
try to take over and make us pay something in our debt and then raise the taxes. They've
raised the taxes five times the last two years in Greece, saying each time would pay off
the debt.
And then guess what it never does. And then it shuts the economy down more. And then the
hotels close and the businesses close and the factories close. And people are riding
in the streets with no food. Kids are starving and it's destroying a once beautiful rich
country overnight, destroying confidence.
And Max Keiser a year ago was there during the big demonstrations. He goes over to the
big hotel and it's Steve Forbes there. And he goes, hey, Max, how you doing? Cuz Max
used to run with the Soros's, all of them. He goes, hey, man, yeah, this is great. Are
you here to invest? We're gonna take over everything. We're pennies on the dollar.
Man, we're gutting this sucker. Max was in Reykjavik a year before the fake implosion
in 2007. Made a BBC doc, no, it was Al Jazeera documentary saying, I was at the bar making
the documentary about it.
And the bankers talked about how they were gonna implode the economy in the next few
years and sign them onto the debt. I mean, this is a plan. And you don't have to be part
of it. You don't have to go along with it. You don't have to be an idiot. Remember four
years ago, we had to bail the banks out, everybody was so mad.
It wasn't 880 something billion, that was just the first payment. They signed us on
to an impossible, it'd be like if they change you. A chain you couldn't get off your leg
to Mount Rushmore and said, now move that. You're not moving the mountain. Godzilla can't
move it, okay?
And he isn't real. All right, a conspiracy theorist, I'm not allowed to have an opinion
or a view. Only government views are real. They say it's real, it is. I'm not allowed
to have a view and say Godzilla's not real. I apologize. I forgot, conspiracy theory is
having any original thought in my mind.
Nothing exists outside of government. Thank you, government. I was getting off the path
there for a moment. I was almost like Ted Knight in Caddyshack going, Billy, Billy,
Billy, Billy, Billy, Billy. All right, let's just stop right there. Let's go to this first
clip. But don't worry here, they're gonna have all the food stamps ready, all the FEMA
things.
The government's gonna take care of you after you turn those guns in. Let's go ahead and
go to this video of them fighting over food and grace. Here it is.
It's like about 100 people begging in the back of a truck for food. Yeah, you know what
the austerity program means once they bankrupt you and get you where they want you? It's
more than 100 people, it's about 200. Then they literally do, did you know the movie
Silent Green is actually based on real riot trucks and stuff that have been used in Asia?
Similar things where it shows the cops wearing the football gear and they're like, this crowd's
gonna blow.
When they run out of the soil like you watch, yeah, it's about to happen. I mean, that is
so accurate with Charlton Heston. Can you guys find the Silent Green thing where the
cops are sitting there and they're gonna go, this thing's gonna blow, get ready. This is
their future they have for you and they plan to shut things down until you are eating people.
They are actually calling in Europe and here to make you take the dead bodies of people
that die and, quote, turn it into protein. So don't worry, it's gonna be fed into vats
of bacteria, which then are going to poop out a cheese. You think I'm joking, I can
pull up the BBC article. Pull up corpses to be turned into recycled protein and you're
gonna eat corpses.
It's better, Japan government is funding poop that's turned into steaks. Yeah, this is gonna
be great, don't worry, you're gonna enjoy it. This crowd, when they run out of that
Soylent Green, this crowd's gonna blow. Don't worry, there'll be plenty of Soylent Green.
Let's go ahead, I shouldn't laugh about it, she's so sick. Let's go to Clint Eastwood
though, he says if DC doesn't give a bleep, well then why should any of the rest of us?
That's the plan. Here's Clint Eastwood, the extremist.
They were just dismissed and that was the end of it. And that's kind of, it's almost
like they don't give a damn. And so if they don't give a damn, why do they expect anybody
else to? And obviously, people get complacent and then things really go bad.
That's right.
That was an example though of a Democrat and a Republican.
That's kind of Clint Eastwood, absolutely. That's how things go to hell in a handbasket.
And the globalists, it's in the 112 point IMF World Bank plan that got leaked. Joseph
Stichlitz says he didn't do it, wink, wink. And it talks about how they destroy your country.
And I've been screaming since then, this is their plan, put it in my book, The Sentient
to Tyranny.
The transcript, the documents, all of it, and they're going to do this here. This is
their plan, you understand? Now, do we wanna be part of this? I don't think so, your call's
coming up.
Attention gardeners and patriots, drought conditions in our nation's heartland and massive
Federal Reserve debt monetizing are creating the perfect conditions for dramatically higher
food prices in the months ahead. That means there has never been a better time to secure
an ongoing source of nutritionally dense food for you and your family. The Survival Seed
Bank contains the perfect mix of germination-tested non-hybrid seeds. You get enough seeds to
plant a full acre crisis garden that can produce an endless supply of garden fresh food. These
seeds have not been genetically modified in any way. And the best part, right now, every
Survival Seed Bank comes with an additional $300 in free seeds. It's the biggest seed
giveaway in seed bank history. This is the original best-selling Survival Seed Bank seen
on TV nationwide. Don't miss this amazing Survival Seed Giveaway at SurvivalSeedBank.com.
Remember, in a real economic crisis, non-hybrid seeds are the ultimate barter item. Go to
SurvivalSeedBank.com today. That's SurvivalSeedBank.com.
It's time for a home security quiz. Answer this. What effective home security device
is smaller than a coffee cup fakes out burglars into thinking someone is home at your home
while you're away, plugs into any wall outlet, is recommended by many police departments
and sells for less than $35? Yes, it's fake TV. This year, about one in every 50 U.S.
homes will have a break-in with burglars usually picking the easy target, a dark house that
looks like no one is home. Fake TV is a small electronic security device that makes it look
like someone is home watching TV by simulating the light from a real TV. It's like a lamp
on a timer, but far more convincing. And for only $34.95, fake TV could be the difference
between coming home to a secure house or one that's been ransacked. Go to FakeTV.com or
call 1-877-5FAKETV. That's 877-532-5388. Or go to FakeTV.com. FakeTV, the burglar deterrent.
Digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins. That bears repeating.
Digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins. And Pro-EM1 daily probiotic
cleanse is the key to digestive health. Pro-EM1 is a powerful liquid probiotic, strong enough
to cleanse, gentle enough to use every day. Pro-EM1 is dairy, wheat, and soy-free, contains
all-natural and certified organic ingredients, contains no preservatives or animal products,
supports a healthy digestive and immune system, supports weight loss, improves absorption
of food nutrients, aids in controlling yeast infections, is never freeze-dried, and uses
three groups of live, viable, beneficial microbes to cleanse and remove toxins. Order Pro-EM1
daily probiotic cleanse at Tereganics.com. Spelled T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X.com. Tereganics.com.
Your call toll free, 866-369-3678. That's 866-369-3678. Pro-EM1, the raw probiotic.
Cross my finger, hope to die, stick a needle in my eye. I will get to the asteroid news
at the start of the next hour. I will get to that. I'm going to go to your calls as
well, and I've got to get into the Second Amendment and economy news, but I already
started getting into the economy news. And DHS purchased 21.6 million bullets, more rounds
of ammunition. That's up almost 1.7 billion. TheMightyDrudgeReport.com had that as one
of the featured stories yesterday. Always appreciate helping get that news out, Drudge.
Right now, let's go to your phone calls. Thank you for holding John in Georgia. You are on
the air, sir.
Yes, sir. Mr. Jones, I listened to a dissertation not too long ago. I can't remember what
channel it was on, but they were talking about an internal banking document from 1862 called
the Hazard Circular. And yet, they discussed the value of man and their livelihood. They
discussed chattel slavery versus debt slavery, and how much they profited off of chattel
slavery, which is ownership, versus debt slavery. And they found out that-
Now, I'm familiar with that. It's a famous document, yeah. And they found that it's
better for someone to think they're free than be a debt slave because you get it over and
over again.
And it woke me up because I'm a debt slave, pretty much. And I was wondering if you had
time sometime, could you post an article or discuss that?
Yes, I'd forgotten about that particular circular. There's a bunch of those. There's like one
in 1898, where this was published in the Banking Association letter. It was like internal newspapers
just for the Banking Association. I forget the exact note, the National Banking Association.
It was like, Americans are too smart. They're getting uppity. We're gonna take over education.
We're gonna buy the newspapers. We're gonna dumb them down. There was even a book written
on that. It's just amazing stuff, cuz it's the same thing.
The elites communicate with each other. They've got a lot of minions. They've got to get the
game plan out. You can get their playbook. It's just that it's not widely published.
And that's what CFR does. I mean, it's like Brookings Institute or others. Brookings Institute
is as elite as it gets. And they put a big paper out admitting our government staging
the terror attacks and running Al-Qaeda.
I mean, there's a link to it at infoawards.com. They have a senior retired CIA commander,
ran whole operations admitting it, but just saying, you guys need to know this is what's
happening. And it's not because they're even saying get rid of it, it's bad, let's stop.
They always couch it slightly like that. It's, yeah, this is all real. I mean, they've got
to explain that to Brookings Institute people.
I mean, you guys don't know that, you run major companies and stuff. I mean, come on,
this is ridiculous. But I'll get into the MO of the shooter next hour. That is so important
to understand everything. But yes, I'm glad you brought that up. In fact, I wrote it so
bad I can't even read my own writing. What was the name of that circular?
Hazard circular in 1862. And the coincidence to me was that it was the same year that Lincoln
freed the slaves. And to me, I feel like it's tied together.
Well, of course it is. They figured out that, wait, we can even enslave everybody even worse.
But they couldn't hold it back cuz the abolitionists, it's a very complex issue. There's a lot of
stuff going on. Slavery was falling out of favor in the South as well as people figured
out it was being used to leverage out the poor farmers, not the sharecroppers, cuz they
were basically slaves as well.
They could leave if they wanted and go starve to death, that was about it. Well, not if
they signed on, you could be put in prison or killed, but indentured servitude is different
than that. The point is there's a lot of different variants. But yes, they figured out that just
get everybody's debt slaves. You're absolutely right. I will pull up the hazard circular.
I think that's online. We'll look into that. God bless you, sir. Great taking calls like
that.
Dr. Jones from North Carolina, you're up next. And then we're gonna go to Catherine, Julie,
and many others. Toll free number to join us, 800-259-9231. The next hour is only minutes
away.
You are listening to GCN. Visit GCNlive.com today.
Millions of people are going to get sick this winter from colds, flu, and other illnesses.
Don't be one of them. Protect yourself with Supernatural Silver, a revolutionary new broad
spectrum antibacterial solution. Recent advances in silver technology have resulted in a silver
solution that can be used daily to prevent bacteria, viruses, mold, and food poisoning
and help improve wound healing. Supernatural Silver is safe enough to consume every day
while powerful enough to destroy the causes of many serious diseases such as stress, staph,
pneumonia, colds, flus, and other harmful pathogens. This new technology has the ability
to terminate entire colonies of harmful bacteria at several hundred times the effectiveness
of colloidal or ionic silver solutions. The Science Digest Journal says silver is our
mightiest germ fighter. It is virtually non-toxic and is emerging as a wonder of modern medicine.
Go to SupernaturalSilver.com today and use the promo code silver2012 for 20% off. That's
SupernaturalSilver.com and like us on Facebook. Waging war on corruption. Alex Jones on the
GCN Radio Network. Big Brother. Mainstream media. Government cover-ups. You want answers?
Well, so does he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin,
Texas, Alex Jones. All right, let's continue with your calls. I'm getting into this near-Earth
asteroid, one of the closest on recorded record. I mean, it's coming really close. And real
threats that face society and a lot more. Not because we're scared of the threats. We
want to do something about the threats. But right now, let's talk to Dr. Jones in North
Carolina. Thanks for holding and being patient here on the air.
Good afternoon. Very quickly, I got in touch with a friend and they got me in touch with
a family, a young man, 24 years old. His name is Andrew Stevens. He's in the Navy. He was
charged with felony attempt, I think even perhaps murder, but definitely felony child
abuse. Classic case. The child was three months old, all of a sudden became nauseous, became
dazed in and out of consciousness. It turned out, of course, the child was damaged from
vaccines, the two-month vaccines. Here's a family. The wife is in the National Guard.
I know, I see this all the time. They get a double goody because now the doctors tell
you, now you may get sick and vomit and have convulsions, but then they arrest you as well
because they can't say they did it. That's how the eugenics works. Tell me his name.
The young man's name is Andrew Stevens. He's in jail right now in Newport News. Luckily,
his attorney, a public defender, has an engineering background and has defended seven times people
charged with shaking baby syndrome.
Oh, I know, because it didn't exist until the vaccine. So their cover story was all
these babies, it's not that they got the shots today. They either died a few months or 18
months, they got the shots. But see, the problem is they're so deadly now you have the convulsion
there or in the car and there's no witnesses.
So the cops are like, the cops are just order takers. And they're told when they get back
to the hospital, the hospital goes, the parent did it. Cuz there's inflammation on the brain,
the autoimmune response, and then they send you to jail. I mean, you already brain damaged
their kid for fun. You wanna put them in jail?
They're like, yeah, black ops. So yeah, no, I mean, too bad the public's finding out you
won't get to kill more kids. Loving little government. So Andrew Stevens, public defender,
where is he located?
Newport News. In this case, the baby's alive. But the key was the bleeding started right
about the neurosurgeon said, 21 days before the baby got to the emergency room, the bleeding
is slow.
So this is the same as the Matthew Ethan case with Louise Woodward way back. The baby,
they don't show any signs, the slow drip bleeding into the brain. And then all of a sudden they
say it causes damage. The D tap shot causes scurvy, which causes the bleeding. Moreover,
the mother when she was pregnant, she took a T tap shot.
She also took the flu shot. So again, people have to understand out there, your friends,
your family, your-
Listen, listen, listen, they started four years ago. You can pull this up. Doctors now
say it's normal to have a convulsion, your child. Your child's gonna need to shove a
wooden spoon in their mouth. They're gonna flop around, try to bite their tongue off
and they may not talk for a few days.
Now hopefully you don't figure out we did it so I can put you in jail, honey cakes.
The government is so corrupt, ladies and gentlemen. So in fact, I just got a confirmed story from
one of my crew that would blow you away. I haven't been authorized to tell the story
yet cuz I didn't even ask if I could.
Where it doesn't even matter. Look, we're in trouble. You got a class of people that
think they're Marie Antoinette, who think they're God. And they're lined up to have
an orgy, a political orgy of stealing and grabbing and weirdness. And they feel powerful
together.
They feel their arming up against us. They're nuts, they're nuts. And you still got a lot
of good people that work in the system. But they're being spurred on by the corporate
interests that want this tyranny. And I'm glad you called in about this, gentlemen.
Sounds like you're trying to help them. Can people, do you have an email so folks can
rally to you to try to help these folks?
No, the only contact I have is a public defender, Newport News. The key is people have to realize
it's gonna happen to your friends, your family. If you don't tell them do not take the vaccines,
you're gonna wake up and say, my brother's perfectly fine.
He didn't abuse a child. And the jury is gonna think, hey, no babies ever get-
Well, they love putting somebody in prison. They're sycophants. It's good people and sycophants
in this country. You've got to tell people, okay, go ahead and take the shot. But when
Billy doesn't talk again, they're gonna put you in jail, okay? Now, just okay, they want
to kill your kid. We'll be right back. Stay with us.
You may be arrested and or subject to other police action.
Tyranny is here. The grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality.
It really says that the state is God.
The United States is now recognized globally as one of the most oppressive police states
on earth. This film conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps
now being expanded nationwide. This documentary exposes how the continuity of government program
has established an all powerful shadow state. Police state four chronicles the sickening
depth to which our republic has fallen. Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency
dictatorship, body scammers, sound cameras, citizen spies, stage terror and cameras on
every street corner. It's only the beginning of the New World Order's hellish plan. The
police state isn't coming. It's here. Secure your copy today at infowars.com or see it
online in the highest quality at prisonplanet.tv.
Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system portable on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing technology combined
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Bend Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Crashing through the lies and disinformation, it's
Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. We're about to cover the field, the waterfront when
it comes to key news and information on the economy, on civilization ending threats to
humanity, on huge attacks on the Second Amendment, California introducing legislation to make
all semi auto firearms be turned into the government and it's just a minor footnote
in the news. That's all up at prisonplanet.com and infowars.com. Again, we are a radio transmission
simulcasting video and a full production at infowarsnews.com or prisonplanet.tv. And
I want to spend a few minutes, I've already talked about it some, but I really want to
give you my take on Los Angeles gunman motivated by racism.
They're now saying in London Telegraph and ABC News that there were racist police. That's
why he has to go out and shoot white officers. And people are saying, well, could it be staged?
They're not going to stage something where somebody is out killing people and then saying
he loves Obama and Biden. If somebody faked these manifestos, they have super advanced
knowledge that I don't really think very many people have of the mindset of the minion enforcer
class.
Okay, this person deserves a Nobel Prize in literature if it's fake, and it could be.
It could be. I mean, you never know. They may have killed this guy and this is some
sign off, but it just doesn't. There's dozens of little points that say it's not. And we're
gonna be talking about that. And what does the government think if there's a civil war
and the cops aren't out on motorcycles and they're hiding out with one guy?
In the real world, the guy was to tell cops, gonna kill cops. You just have police ready.
And when somebody gets killed, you vector in on that and get the guy. And he's all your
tabletop exercises won't help you and all this stuff. I mean, he's playing soldier.
He was trained to be a soldier and then to be a cop. And then that didn't work out. So
now he's targeting you. That's why you don't want police who play soldier against the citizens.
Soldiers go and burn down cities and kill the enemy. Soldiers don't become your police,
your peace officers to negotiate the peace.
See it's never between like a, to use a cheesy analogy, a Jedi and a Sith. A Jedi is there
to negotiate things and try to calm things down. Here, don't let this little one bother
you. Let me get you something. I have the death sentence on 12 systems. I mean, you're
trying to not get in a confrontation.
You're trying to de-escalate things, not prove you are Conan the Barbarian rolled into Audie
Murphy. So you act like Audie Murphy when there's ten times your number of Germans coming
down with a column of trucks and tanks. And then you climb up on a burning tank scene,
you fight other men who are coming to kill you.
You know they're coming to kill you. You know it's a stand up fight. That's another army.
Go be a soldier. You're not a soldier pulling me and my family over and shining lights in
my face. And where you going? What you doing? Go to North Korea if that's what you think
protecting people is, okay? I'm gonna try to explain that to you. All right, I said
I'd get to it and I'm already getting to it.
One of the biggest news stories out there the last few days is this asteroid. An asteroid
half the size of a US football field will pass between Earth and orbiting satellites
next week. Sparing the human race from the fate suffered by dinosaurs, NASA says, we
have a NASA video we're gonna go to in a moment.
The 150 foot diameter asteroid named 2012 DA14 will pass about 17,000 miles above Earth
on February 15th. That sounds far away. That is like grazing us. Lower than the orbit of
some satellites and the closest recorded approach of an object of its size, closest recorded.
It will travel 7.8 kilometers a second or 17,400 miles an hour. See, it's not just that
these big iron or nickel meteorites are deadly because of their size, it's their speed, folks.
Or about eight times the speed of a rifle shot. I'm sorry, I said four times earlier
from memory. NASA scientists said yesterday, no Earth impact is possible. We're gonna play
a clip from a NASA jet propulsion laboratory that does all the computer calculations.
And you know what, I'm sure they're right, okay? The point is that if it was going to
be hitting us, they won't be telling you. They would just know that people are gonna
see it coming in on their telescopes. Most new objects are planets, Kuiper Belt, asteroids,
you name it, are found by amateur astronomers.
Because there are just millions of people now with pretty powerful telescopes, I'm one
of them, who go out and are looking at the night sky and then finding things. So I'm
not saying this is happening, but if it was, we'd be in trouble. And I've always said,
we need Earth defense. And some have called for this, but not under the UN.
A country like the United States needs to put it out in deep orbit and have a treaty
and maybe have a camera there on it, wiring back so everybody knows it's not a weapon
system. The problem is it violates treaties cuz you can swing it back around and aim it
at the Earth.
But they've already got that. And I don't normally follow this argument that we've already
got drones, we're already watching you, go ahead and accept that you have no privacy.
See, I don't follow that argument of, okay, we did conquer you, so just sit down and shut
up. A, we're not conquered, our own government can't hold Baghdad cuz it's not our government,
they're a bunch of crooks.
There's many examples, but when I say they've already got space-based weapons, space is
so completely classified. But I've talked to some of the top people involved under Bob
Bowman and others, and it's on record that over 80% of all shuttle operations were classified
military.
They've got particle beams, DU Seibos, smart pebble, brilliant pebble. The only reason
Dr. Bowman could tell me about this is he said that the scientists and the heads of
NASA are so arrogant that he said, I can only tell you this and where it's at because they
set it on C-SPAN here and they set it there and they violated national security.
But he said in the 1970s, this is at the whole 9-11 event in 2006 in California that was
on C-SPAN. I'm back there eating lunch with him and everybody's out of the room, nobody
wants to talk to a top rocket scientist, they're all too busy. I wanna talk to Charlie Sheen
and I've got him and I go, look, just tell me, tell me, tell me, I know they got space
planes, black man.
And he said, look, when Star Wars didn't exist, there were robot craft with DU Seibos that
could decapitate all the world leaders on Earth in a matter of hours. And he said, the
only reason I can tell you that is because this person, that person, and this person
all said it separately and he gave me the record of where it was.
And he said, that is as high classified as it gets what I just told you, but I can tell
you it because these idiots, and one of them in a debate with him on C-SPAN, another C-SPAN
show screwed up and said, well, you know that's not true cuz of the ZRQX-9 program. I mean,
and Bowman was there in the late 70s into the early 80s before they even announced it.
I mean, in the 70s they had drone remote control spacecraft with DU meteor guns on board. Can
you imagine what they've got now? See, I mean, you see some article about, I saw one Wednesday
going, yes, in fact, pull it up, it's London Telegraph, you can do it, but I've gotta get
to these videos here.
They're like, yes, the government is gonna install black boxes and all telecommunications
companies to track everything you do in lifetime. They did that 30 years ago. It's in the 96
Telecommunications Act that they upgraded them with $9 billion here. Of course, I knew every
phone company had the NSA in it, and I always said that, and whistleblowers came out and
said, the phone company is the NSA, yes, yes.
The big NSA bases are the spies all dialed in, listening to what you're doing and computer
algorithms and pulling up what you said, there's total recordings of it. I mean, they had 35
years ago, they had robots that could kill every leader on Earth in a matter of hours
with 100 pound SABOs that they fire off the back of a rocket that goes up to 30, 40, 50,000
miles an hour like this meteor.
And it doesn't matter if you're in two miles under a mountain, you're dead. You're dead.
I mean, pinpoint precision right through the rock. You're dead. That's why the globalists
are so arrogant. But here's the deal, globalists, I'm gonna skip this network break, this is
so important. I'm gonna give you guys a little newsflash here.
You're not in control of yourselves, man, I can look at top globalists who actually
have power. And you guys are on megalomaniac, narcissistic power trips, loving the sound
of your own voice. And you're not in control of all this stuff. Yeah, you're in control
of us, you ain't in control of yourself, comprende, I mean, does that get across to you?
Go watch Forbidden Planet if you wanna understand, okay? Dr. Morpheus thought he was in control,
he was not in control. And you're not in control, and you better get yourself in control. I
know you're so evil and so dark, you're not. But you're mid-level and high-level people,
look, you know this is going to a bad place, we gotta stop these people.
Come hell or high water, we gotta stop them. Now, let's go ahead and go to the video here
of, and it turns out that, it turns out, ladies and gentlemen, that Space Command has dispatched
a spacecraft and the asteroid is on a collision course with Earth. And that they're hoping
to take it out with some boosters, they're gonna fire at it and have mounted on the side
to direct it away.
But they've gotta get the booster rockets up to the speed to be able to come up against
it at 17,400 miles an hour to land, to then thrust it out away from the Earth. And we've
got live feed of that, we're going to it right now, here it is.
April is coming up. April 1st, joke early. No, no, the asteroid's 17,000 miles away is
where it's gonna pass, and they got all the trajectory and stuff. And I hope they're right
and moving at 17,400 miles an hour and there was Space Command out there dealing with it.
Before that video was even available, before they had video games like that, what was it,
like 1982 or something, asteroids, they had real weapon systems in space, 1979. So the
year that was out, the Pentagon had a bunch of black-mana attack craft in low orbit flying
around with a DU weapons.
Can you imagine what they've got now? Okay, let's go to the real NASA video saying that
there's no threat, no big deal. By the way, my enemies will cut that joke out and say
that actually said the asteroid was gonna kill us, but I don't care, whatever. Okay,
okay, Pookie, go ahead.
Asteroid 2012 DA14 is an object about half the size of a football field in diameter that
is going to pass very close to the Earth on February 15th. Coming from the south to the
north, it actually gets to within 17,200 miles of the Earth's surface and will pass interior
to the geosynchronous satellites and the GPS satellites. But there's really no chance of
the asteroid hitting the Earth and very little chance it will hit a satellite.
Although this object gets very close to the Earth on February 15th, it's fairly small
as asteroids go.
Yeah, I didn't know that Ted Anderson did the voiceovers for the Zippo Ocean Laboratory.
It will be located in Eastern Europe, Asia, Australia, and you know where to look and
you have a pair of binoculars, it will indeed be visible. The asteroid was discovered by
a group of Spanish astronomers in La Sagra Observatory in southern Spain.
An object the size of DA14 actually impacted the Earth on June 30th, 1908, the so-called
Tunguska event. An object of about 30 or 40 meters came down into the Earth's atmosphere
and exploded, leveling trees for 820 square miles.
The close approach of this object, 2012 DA14, on February 15th is nothing to worry about.
Its orbit is very well known, we know exactly where it's going to go, and it cannot hit
the Earth.
Many years ago, we probably wouldn't have found this object, but now NASA is observing
the skies lightly and picking up these objects and we track them for a hundred years into
the future and see if any of them make interesting close Earth approaches, not only because of
the threat issue, but because these objects are important for science, they're important
for future resources, as well as threats.
Okay, so there you go. If you were a radio listener, again, I made the joke that the
asteroid is going to hit the Earth and they'd send a spaceship up to shoot it down. I played
video from the 1979 game. Was it Space Invaders? No, it's Asteroid. Hey, do you have the game
Asteroids?
Do you have the game Asteroids? No, no, no, my dad's got Asteroids. I did the same joke
I did earlier. I actually wrote that joke. And Hillary Clinton, did you see the new poll
up? It says she is the most popular person in America. I think that's true. I don't think
they're lying in these polls sometimes, cuz I'd be a conspiracy theorist.
If you question known certified liars, that is the real definition of a conspiracy theorist.
If you're gullible, do whatever you're told and just sit down and shut up and drink fluoride
water. You're a good person. Okay, let's go to Katherine in Texas. Thank you for joining
us today.
You doing all right? I'm doing all right, Katherine. Well, first of all, just thank
you for showcasing those who uphold the Constitution and exposing those who don't. And also, I
was a teacher here in Texas for almost 20 years and I quit because they are definitely
dumbing down and I did not wanna be part of that anymore.
Yeah, and then it always gets worse and worse and they say, the teaching system, the teaching
system, what are we gonna do? The educational system, it's failing. We need more money,
more federal control and the test scores get worse from the best in the world to the lowest
in the industrialized world and then some.
It's like the drug war. The drug war is failing. No, it's not. They keep it illegal to keep
the price high to then be able to fill the prisons with people who use drugs who are
non-violent, who they're now going to decriminalize and let out and put political people in the
prisons. See, the new prison boom is gonna be for gun owners.
Yeah, I mean, I believe that. That's another thing is, when you were on Piers Morgan, well,
you just pretty jump started that dialogue on the Second Amendment and what's the attacks
on it.
I mean, I think that really woke people up. I mean, that's just me. But going back to
that education, and then there's a former president's brother that wants to push this
computer program and have that masquerade as some type of education. Kids need direct
learning from a human being.
Look, when they tried to get rid of phonics, that should have told people it was happening.
My grandmother was a teacher. She was even one of the peers with a PhD or whatever it
is, yeah, the PhD. And she taught in public schools and she just was like, it's dumbing
them down, it doesn't work.
And she would secretly still teach them the old stuff that worked. That's why they're
all going to computers where you don't have a choice. See, and it's not that I'm against
computers, computers could be good. It's that they're perfect for tyrants to centralize them.
I'm for computers, but we don't want computers where they put a robot that spies on everything
you do in your phone, in your computer, or on the side of your house as a smart meter.
Yeah, oh, yeah, don't even go there. Yeah, well, you know, and also I wanted to touch
on this program they have, it's called Seascope that they're using here in Texas. I worked
in a school district where a person thought, I guess he thought he was doing okay, he was
the principal. He wanted to absolutely get rid of all the textbooks and just have a Seascope.
And you were talking one time when you deal with these people, these neoliberals or whatever
that are doing this, they're kind of nasty people. Well, whenever you would call the
region office and say, hey, there's a big mistake here in this and they didn't like
that, you know, well, oh, wow, you just teach it anyway, you know, or something. Yeah, I
mean, it's just ridiculous. And I really appreciate you having that Charlotte Iserbit on there.
She's awesome. You know, I'll tell you what's crazy is more and more the average people
can't even talk or read. It's like they're not even real. They're like TV heads that
just just shuffle around. God bless you, Catherine. Good to hear from you. Julie in California,
you're on the air, military helicopters over your home. Go ahead.
Hey, Alex. Yeah, last night, you know, with all this deal with this guy running around,
it was about 1115. We had an actual military jet. I was two miles from probably one of
the busiest general aviation airports in the country, Van Nuys Airport. There are no flights
that take off out of there after 10 o'clock at night. 1115 this jet came flying over.
And I mean, it literally woke myself, my husband and my son out of a dead sleep.
Well, maybe the trip should blow off some steam and bomb your house like that B-2 did
a few years ago. A couple houses got bombed. I mean, look, they're shooting up women's
cars just because it's the same make and model, not the same color. But it's like, it's OK.
It's a silver car. That was bright blue. Shoot it up. That one's yellow. But sir, it's silver.
It's fire. So I think those women should apologize for the police shooting him. Kind of like
when Cheney shot the gun, he apologized to him. I think I think they should apologize
to the police. Don't you know, I don't because, you know, I mean, I think we had the helicopters.
But these women were shot at 50 times. I mean, how in the world do you miss? I mean, how
do you mistake a blue Toyota for a blue Nissan that doesn't have a hold on?
Are you trying to like have common sense and say that two different colors and that it
was wrong that they did that? That's you. Are you a conspiracy theorist? They also shot
a black Honda truck. Oh, right. Three shots right to the right of the driver. I didn't
know about that. Oh, they're having another orgy. OK, well, we'll see. What's going to
happen is I'm talking about the break. I'm going to get to it in a moment. I have to
really conform my thoughts here because I've got a bunch of them, a bunch of points on
this issue.
But Paul Craig Roberts, Paul Craig Roberts, former head of the Treasury Department and
Policy is up on Infowars.com with another one of his articles. It has happened here.
And he explains, look, the police state isn't coming. It's here. I heard of that before.
That's the tagline for police state for the rise of FEMA. It ain't coming. Martial law
isn't coming. All over the country, police have anti gang checkpoints. And yeah, there
are gangs. There are dangerous people. Sure, they may do some good with it. It doesn't
matter.
The feds are directing it with grants to get over the Fourth Amendment. The federal government
gives grants if the police will run warrantless checkpoints just to get them used to it. And
you know, hey, cops, we know where the gang bangers are selling drugs. I'll be happy to
take you there. I mean, I can tell a drug dealer about it. Of course, they can, too.
They're ordered where to go look for drug dealers. Why don't you go look at the local
Wells Fargo or Wachovia or any of the other big banks. They've all, on record, been caught
laundering billions a month in narcotics money and owning the aircraft with the drugs on
board.
March, the empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system,
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping
or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out Simply Safe. It's a new
do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to get simply safe
dot com. Simply Safe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power. So even
if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable so you can use it
in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed. Get simply safe dot com. Simply
Safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes. So there's no
need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take
the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home, but Simply Safe will stand
guard protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's get
simply safe dot com. Alex Jones here with a very important announcement for truth seekers.
We've carried a lot of amazing films and books over the years on the online video bookstore
at info wars dot com. And out of all the titles we've carried, one stands out because it is
just so chillingly convincing. And that's Dreams from My Real Father by Joel Gilbert,
available at info wars dot com. This film exposes the fraud that Obama is like nothing
I've seen. If you want to know who Obama's real daddy is, this is the film for you. Don't
forget your purchase supports our broadcast and our growing media network. You'll also
find it info war shop dot com. None Dare Call a Conspiracy by Gary Allen, the book that
woke me up. We're also carrying behind the green mask UN Agenda 21 by Rosa Corey. This
book is coffin nails to the globalist takeover, the greater good, the most professional and
up to date film I've ever seen exposing the scourge that is vaccines. These titles and
a lot more are all available at info war shop.com. Now that we have moved into the winter season,
there is an increased need to support our immunity and health. At Silver Lungs we are
committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection of silver based products.
Our most popular silver based products are the 32 ounce nano silver solutions, our two
ounce nano silver nasal applicators as well as our all natural silver soaps. Just released
is our 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents
which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface. But rather we have formulated
our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate
and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more effectively. Visit www.silverlungs.com
and click on our store page to find what silver based products are best for you. That's www.silverlungs.com.
You walk into this room at your own risk because it leads to the future, not a future that
will be but one that might be. This is not a new world, it is simply an extension of
what began in the old one. It has patterned itself after every dictator who has ever planted
the ripping imprint of a boot on the pages of history since the beginning of time. It
has refinements, technological advances and a more sophisticated approach to the destruction
of human freedom. But like every one of the super states that preceded it, it has one
iron rule. Logic is an enemy and truth is a menace. The answer to 1984 is 1776. You're
listening to the Alex Jones Show.
Alright, we are back live ladies and gentlemen and I will continue with Eric Smedley, Kathy,
Brian, Jeremy and others. You know if I had another son, I'd name him something like Smedley
or Buck or something. We thought we were going to have another baby but Lord's will it didn't
happen but we would have named him Buck if it was a boy. Anyways, I do have one son,
I have two great daughters.
Okay, let me just get back into the news here. I've got to get to Bilderberg 2013, secret
location uncovered. I want to get into this police officer. Again, I shot a video about
this last night but now we know more about the guy, anti-terrorism training, all of this
and I'm not saying he absolutely did it but reading the manifestos, there's two of them,
looking at it all, looking at how the police are acting, how he's a big Obama supporter.
That's the last false flag they've run and there's a lot of factors there that fit into
it being accurate and real. Things like Aurora, I mean I saw an LA Times article attacking
me and it was like, the crazies believe the government was funding him. What was it, $30,000,000
with a Department of Defense grant in brain machine interface?
A top Air Force psychiatrist who'd been over whole secret programs assigned to him, witnesses
reporting multiple flashbangs, different sides, on and on and on. See, I could have spent
hours on that article today. In fact, I sent it to Rob Do in an IM. I may do a special
report tonight for the Nightly News, just on that subject.
Because the LA Times says we're claiming all this stuff and then their headline's a lie.
Conspiracy theorist posing as shooting victims and then later it says, one police officer
said they might even be posing as. But they run the headline like it's happening and then
act like I'm doing it.
And I guess the average idiot gets out the LA Times, breaks it open. All right, let's
read all these dirty people posing as victims. Let me read here, Alex Jones, that crazy person.
He says the government was giving the guy money. How ridiculous is that?
But we did find the Soylent Green clip and I'm gonna get to that in a minute. But first
off, this is out of the Journal of Nature. And I've seen this report, no exaggeration,
reading the news intently every day for at least 17 years. Probably 50 times, but that's
just a dead reckoning.
Because this discovery is made over and over again, a similar discovery. We have a document
cam shot on this. Small molecule drug drives cancer cells to suicide. And they found they
can put all different sorts of different types of pellets of different drugs, different chemicals,
you name it, in cancers and knock them out almost all the time.
And my issue is, it's like Raiders of the Lost Ark at the end, where there's that big
warehouse of all the stuff they're keeping secret. I mean, it is amazing. I'm not saying
they have 100% cures, but they've got a cocktail of things from all the scientists I've talked
to in my own research that are so much better than chemotherapy and all the rest of this.
I mean, Linus Pauling, he got the Nobel Prize in the early 60s for knocking out cancer in
almost every case if you caught it early enough with mega dosages of vitamin C.
And that's a treatment by alternative groups, but people almost always go to them after
they've had the chemotherapy, after they've already, it's amazing. Now, that said, this
ties into a plug here. This was of course in Bloomberg and the Wall Street Journal carried
it.
International, that's mfowarshealth.com, announces result of longevity clinical research studies
performed by Clemson University Institute of Nutraceutical Research. We covered this
last week, but they found beyond tangy tangerine, and by the way, people that don't wanna have
to get it in the liquid, the healthy start pack is now in pill form.
The Alex pack is now in pill form discounted at mfowarshealth.com or mfowarseteam.com,
I should add that. But this is Clemson University with beyond tangy tangerine and ultimate classic,
where it didn't hurt the regular cells in the colon of cancerous colons, but knocked
out the cancer.
It killed 95% the ultimate classic of cancerous colon cells, and 65% of cancerous liver cells,
65% of cancerous stomach cells, and 30% of cancerous breast cells beyond tangy tangerine
kills 60% of cancerous colon cells, 65% of cancerous liver stomach cells, and 30% of
cancerous breast cells.
I mean, that's Clemson saying that. And people like, you can't say something did something
with cancer, here's another study, Journal of Nature, that's Clemson. They put this cancer
researchers have pinned down a molecule that can kickstart the body's own tumor destroying
systems, makes your body see it as outside and eat it, triggering cell death and cancerous,
but not healthy tissue in mice. And that's great, because even if it metastasizes, they
just put these particles in there and it goes to the cancer, it's like an antibiotic for
cancer, and it'll get shelved and disappear as well.
A lot of other great products, root beer belly, great probiotic that is better than others
because it's encapsulated and goes through the stomach acid into the gut, amazing. That's
all it is for is health.com. The triple chocolate treat, natural gluten free, dairy free, and
it's just got all of these amazing vitamins and minerals and the essence of blueberries
in it and a bunch of other stuff.
It's all available right now at Infowarshealth.com, and your purchase at Infowarshealth.com makes
this transmission possible. So there is a plug right there. Now, or you can also call
888-789-9277, 888-789-9277, forgot about that, 888-789-9277, and they can answer the folks
on the Infowars team, can answer all of your questions right there.
Some of them pharmacists, some of them doctors, but others all trained and given all the basic
info, full catalog videos, all there at Infowarshealth.com or Infowarsteam.com. Okay, now let's shift
gears here back into something I covered a little bit last hour, and that is Fed has
bought more US government debt this year than Treasury's issued.
That's called monetizing debt, not a good thing. That is out of CNS news. Watch Greeks
fight for food. Hundreds of people just begging at the back of a food truck because a few
potatoes fell out and sent them into a piranha-like frenzy. This happens everywhere, and it's
so painful to see a once very wealthy nation destroyed by design being signed on to the
derivatives that wasn't their debt and their taxes raised four times in the last few years
to an impossible level. And the IMF ordering them all to work at least six days a week
or 55 hours to pay for the IMF and World Bank's own debt they signed them on to.
It's like putting a ball and chain on your leg and go, now pay me for that ball and chain
I just put on your leg. It's just horrible. And Obama says he will focus on job creation.
Well, he said he quit torturing too. Remember a year ago, the media said it was a conspiracy
theory that they bought 600 million bullets, and I was wrong to talk about it. And then
a few months ago, it was a conspiracy, 1.6 billion hadn't been bought, even though it
had been bought.
Well, now it's all over the news. DHS has purchased another 21.16 million more rounds
of ammunition. So the total altogether is close to 1.7 billion. That's enough to wage
a 30-year major war if you count Vietnam standards. And it violates your Geneva Convention. They're
buying hollow.40, hollow.223. You don't really need that with 223, just newsflash.
It already fragments, okay? That's what I learned while they liked that bullet. It's
very deadly. And then you've got, of course, the 308. So their Geneva Convention says you
can't go in and torture people, but they still do it.
Now that said, I wanted to play you from Soylent Green that's actually a pro-eugenics film.
It's got euthanasia in it, a world state, the oceans have died. And I wanted to point
out the asteroids aren't the threat. They could put some space-based systems in there
to take them out because they don't think the big ones hit, but every few million years,
but maybe that's wrong.
Comparatively, though, they've got articles out today where they've reprogrammed FDA approved
first GMO flu vaccine containing reprogrammed insect virus. And I see stuff like this every
day. They've got cows that are part human, pigs that are part human, cows that are part
spider and human and part orangutan.
And there are just farms all over the world doing this, monkeys you could buy 15 years
ago that have jellyfish genes in their back so their backs glow blue, like a blade runner
you can buy in Hong Kong. I mean, we're living in Buck Rogers land. And the leader on power
trips deciding they don't need us anymore cuz they've already got live extension technologies.
They've got, don't believe me, they got it. Are they immortal? No, they got it though.
Can they still die in a car wreck? Yes. That's why they want us all sequestered, put into
compact cities to be exterminated once that's in place because the future is theirs.
The world is theirs. The future belongs to them. Yeah, Obama's slogan, we own the future.
That's a little joke on everybody. So I thought I would show you this Rockefeller Foundation
connected great film, but you should see it to understand the dystopic idea they're selling
you where you will be starved, but they won't be starved.
And I figured out they want stuff to get out of hand. They want all these bio weapons to
get out. They want things, they publish the mousepox that kills 90 plus percent of humans
that come in contact with it. They publish how to make it. It's very easy. A mid level
microbiologist with a few hundred thousand dollars could do it.
They want this to happen. They want to let others do it. And then they're gonna use those
first outbreaks to put in a compact clamp down system. And then they're gonna bring
even greater control in after that. So let's go ahead now and go to a clip.
And I'll narrate this for radio listeners. Looks like Greece, looks like Argentina. You've
got a government food allotment. Government does that just so they can have control of
you with the Soylent Green that's really made out of people. And again, things are so horrible
they offered to basically pay to have you commit suicide by lethal injection during
a pleasurable experience. Everything's designed to be as ugly as possible, so you want to
commit suicide. Soylent greens everybody likes because it actually has protein in it. All
the other stuff is just basic filler and artificial vitamins.
Yeah, the woman's mad. The cops know a woman angry will trigger the men. Very well done
movie. That's why the government wants the women to be friends with the government. They
know women demanding men take action will get men to take action.
Here's the cops about to talk to each other. Charlton Heston and the other guy about the
crowd about the blows run out of Soylent Green. Looks like real video from Greece we just
saw. There's the assassin sent to kill Charlton Heston. Here we go. They're running out of
the damn green. Idiot. Some foul up a transport. This crowd will blow. I know. Got the scoop
standing by, but I don't know if they can even handle this. When you're going to make
the announcement. As soon as I get up the nerve about five minutes, I guess better pass
the word, right? And they bring in and they actually have this in real crowd control plans
and things like planopolis. They're going to send him giant scoops with bulldozers and
just dump you into big cages. I'm asking you to disperse the supply of Soylent Green has
been exhausted. You must evacuate the area. The scoops are on their way. The scoops are
on their way. I repeat, the scoops are on their way. What do you think is going to happen?
I mean, the Greeks pretty much all have gardens here in the city. Media tells us they're all
lazy. When they implode our economy, they're going to say we're all lazy taxes. And then
when the lazy rioters do riot, if the welfare food gets cut off, they're going to take everybody's
rights during the crisis. There's the bulldozers, bulldozers on the front of trash trucks to
then drop the people in and then the cage door closes on them. This is in real crowd
control management programs. Look it up. This movie was very well researched with a lot
of people. This is what they're planning on doing. They've been selling the dystopic future
for a long time. So you expect all of this to happen. You expect this. And now they've
come out major universities looking up and said that they want to get people's bodies
and recycle it into bacteria that then release the proteins. You're not eating the dead body.
They spin it. You're eating the byproduct of that. They're also coming out with new
steaks made out of feces. Don't believe me? Just type poop steaks in. And again, this
is what they're up to. Telling you that you need to break down society. See with our population,
if they cut the population, then you can't produce for the rest of the population. You
have to have a stable population growing at about 2% a year. But if you don't do that,
that's in major actuaries. We've got that guy coming on next week, one of the top scientists
on it. Then society implodes like Japan, like Italy, like Greece, where they have 1.3 children.
But they're lying saying a larger population would cause an unsustainability. And of course,
everyone's had their guns taken except government assassins. All right, that's good. Now there's
a footage of what's going on in Greece right now. People begging for food, begging for
food and it isn't coming. The scoops are on the way. The scoops are on the way. Man, talk
about a big bug. This new thing in video is like you have a giant bug covering the entire,
can't you have a small bug on there? It's just ridiculous. All righty then, let's give
you some Bilderberg news.
We've got an interesting vet suicide story somebody wants to tell us about. We got Kathy.
We got Eric, wants to talk about Constitution solutions. And we got a brother's kid got
suspended for potato gun. Notice how they put toy guns all over the store, but then
your kid's playing with it, the cops come in your front yard. And they just do this
to act like it's bad, act like it's evil. This is just what the system does now. I mean,
now you'll just see cop cars parked outside shooting ranges. But I talked to one range
owner, they don't even ask him to be there.
It's like, go keep an eye on those gun owners. To create the perception we're criminals,
when on average everybody knows gun owners are one of the most law abiding groups out
there. And see, they're gonna use this guy, even though they don't think they staged it,
this cop killer guy, reported cop killer, alleged cop killer, to demonize military police.
New show Founding Fathers, finally got to see an episode of it. It's a Afghan vet who's
been turned to Al-Qaeda, and he's secretly recruiting the militia to overthrow America,
fooling them.
Now, remember, all the internal stuff said it, we're gonna, this is five years, four
years ago, three years ago, two years ago. The new West Point reports last year, and
now there's a new one this year, that the Tea Party would join with Al-Qaeda. And people
said, how are they gonna sell the public that the Tea Party, who's totally Islamophobic,
would ever join Al-Qaeda?
Well, the show's all about how the pro-gun guy's really Al-Qaeda, and he's a white guy,
you know, blonde hair, blue eyes. That's who they say the new Al-Qaeda is. And see, that's
what they say about me, they say, I'm really Al-Qaeda. Oh, yeah, sure. Yeah, that's why
I don't support using Al-Qaeda in Libya and Syria, and you've got the CIA at Brookings
admitting they're running Al-Qaeda and staging stuff right now. It's admitted if you just,
they know you don't read books, they, so they just communicate publicly. Yeah, we run Al-Kadavils,
everything's good. I mean, it's amazing.
Food storage, check. Survival tools, check. Weapons and water filters, check. But what
about a permanent source of cooking power that can run forever without buying fuel or
paying for maintenance? Introducing Afterburner Stoves, home of the original patented rocket
stove, the Kelly Kettle, and the Solo Stove. Afterburner Stoves has what you need and now
offers all GCN listeners our complete preparedness package with the means to cook meals and sanitize
water. Whether you dig in or bug out, cook almost any meal with just a handful of sticks.
We already have the lowest online prices guaranteed, but if you enter coupon code GCN at checkout,
we'll knock off an additional 15% and send you our amazing six-hour solar rechargeable
light bulb absolutely free. All for only $249. Visit afterburnerstoves.com or call 866-716-5214.
866-716-5214, afterburnerstoves.com. Cook hot meals with just a handful of sticks.
We all know that Berkey Water Purification Systems are the most trusted name in water
filtration. As an authorized Berkey dealer for over six years and serving thousands of
satisfied customers, the Berkey Guy offers amazing specials for Berkey water filtration
systems. The Berkey Light Systems include a set of self-sterilizing and re-cleanable
black purification elements that purify water by removing chlorine, pathogenic bacteria,
cysts and parasites to non-detectable levels and remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides
and pesticides. Order the Berkey Light System today complete with two black Berkey elements
for only $231 and the Berkey Guy will ship your order free of charge. With the purchase
of a Berkey Light, the Berkey Guy is also offering a set of fluoride and arsenic filters
for only $39.99. That's over 30% off the retail price. Call the Berkey Guy at 1-877-886-3653.
That's 1-877-886-3653 or order online at GoBerkey.com. That's GoBerkey.com today.
You land in Buenos Aires, then are shuttled to Santa Rosa where a nicely furnished cabin
with all amenities, Wi-Fi, executive food and wine and laundry service awaits. After
a good night's sleep, your adventure begins. You're on a golden stag safari for big game.
But it's not Africa, it's Argentina. One-on-one guided hunts for water buffalo, huger, bighorn
rams, wild boar and the biggest stag deer in South America. All gold medal quality.
All the action you can handle. Land rovers, top rental guns with scopes, all food, beverages,
hunting guides, ground transportation included and more. All more affordable than you can
imagine. The adventure of a lifetime starts at GoldenStagSafaris.com. The big game hunting
ranch, GoldenStagSafaris.com.
That's right, the Father and the Spirit, the Father and the Holy Ghost will guide you and
protect you. I feel sorry for people that have never felt any guidance, even from their
own inner voice, wherever you call it. They're just deadpan, shark-eyed, dead-eyed. Everybody
can hear, can't you? Everybody knows we're in trouble, everybody knows we've got crooks
running things. Stop playing games like we don't. I was just talking to Melissa Melton,
she said, oh yeah, this thing about Hillary's the most popular woman in America, that is
like such PR. It'd be like, hey, you know, Michael Jackson's the most popular man in
America a day after he's caught, you know, reportedly in a pedophile. Well, that's true
or not. The point is, I mean, it's like, hey, did you hear, gonorrhea's now the most popular
person in America?
That's her name, gonorrhea, is that the pre-name, name your child that? And she said it was
on CNN, they paraded her out her last day, it was just, it was reportedly on CNN, she's
the most popular person in America. And she's so, everyone loves her. What do you do in
the face of being involved in Benghazi and being caught covering it up and ordering an
eight-hour stand down?
Well, you announced you're the most important person, most loved person in America. I mean,
it's like Al Gore saying I invented the Internet, that video's on YouTube. Yes, I invented the
Internet. I mean, it's okay, then I'm just gonna, I'm gonna announce, folks, I created
everything.
I don't wanna be blasphemous to even say the joke, it'd be like saying I am God. Well,
he says he's God. I mean, are you saying Al Gore is a liar? Again, top stories up at info
wars.com. I'm gonna do 20 minutes, 30 minutes overdrive into the fourth hour of the show.
We should start doing the whole fourth hour live here. And go to Eric and Kathy and Smedley
and Brian and Jeremy, who are patiently holding, we will get to you.
But you know what? You'd think I'd be going after Piers Morgan right now when the guy
in his manifesto talked about how much he loved Piers Morgan. Can I have a document
cam shot please for TV viewers? This is directly from the Associated Press right here, snippets
of it, where he talked about how much he loved Obama, how he loved, absolutely loves Joe
Biden.
He thinks he's such a real guy, talking about falling for bad actors. And the police are
racist so they've gotta be dealt with, and saying he saw cops kick people in the face.
Well, then you're a big guy, invite them to a boxing match for it, or report what they
did, or go public to the media. You don't then kill random patrol white police because
of that. You don't then randomly say I'm gonna kill cops' families, and then the cops, it
just shows what a sick culture it's become in places like LA.
The cops have now, she said another card shot up. Will you guys look up, police shoot up
another car, cuz that'll be the headline that they did. They shoot up women on a paper route
in a different color car, and they're just harassing everyone and completely insane?
I mean, just such entitlement, because the public deserves this. I watch the public around
police, and they literally bow down and get scared and have a response and grovel. Because
you have the predator response. Well, I'm not having the predator response of flight.
Now I try to control myself and go, that's probably a nice officer, probably a nice person.
I don't have a, that's an animal that wants to hurt my family response. I'm not saying
cops are animals, I'm saying a grizzly bear just walked over the hill, what am I gonna
do? But our founders said, treat government like a grizzly bear.
You see, but look, Piers Morgan, the guy hates the NRA, loves Piers Morgan, and says, Wayne
LaPierre, you vile piece of inhuman bleeper, you never even showed 30 seconds of empathy.
Fate being manipulated, more guns means more children safe. I mean, this is just incredible,
absolutely incredible. We'll be right back.
Thank you for listening to GCN. Visit GCNlive.com today.
Looking back on 2012, I know personally I'm thanking God that my family and I made it
through the year from natural disasters like Hurricane Sandy and the devastating summer
drought to the family hardships brought on by a disastrous economy. Our hearts go out
to those that have lost everything. My friends at eFoods Direct hear from customers every
day that are fortunate to weather life's storm by having a supply of food on hand. Danny
from New York City wrote in following Hurricane Sandy and said, almost all the grocery stores
are closed, but I managed to get my eFoods just in time to be able to help my sister
and my niece. Bottom line, it's better to be prepared 10 years too early and one day
too late. Feed Common Sense's warning and do what I've done. Call 800-409-5633 today
or go to eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex. They have the best tasting long term storable
food on the planet. Call 800-409-5633 and ask about the Alex Jones special or go to
eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex. Get self-sufficient today. Call 800-409-5633 or eFoodsDirect.com
forward slash Alex. Coast to coast, direct from Austin. You're listening to the Alex
Jones Broadcasting Network. Big brother, mainstream media, government cover ups. You want answers?
Well, so does he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now live from Austin, Texas,
Alex Jones. This guy going crazy out in California does not help the gun grabber program because
he's been former military who was also a cop. That's why they're trying to focus on his
military service because they want to demonize the military because that's a group they don't
control. Not the police. I'm going to get more into this after your calls. That's why
I'm going into overdrive is to take your calls and cover this. But right now let's go to
your phone calls. We're going to get to Eric and then I promise I'm going to go to Kathy
next in the next segment. I want to hear her story. So stay with us, please, Kathy. Eric
in New Mexico, you're on the air. Thank you, sir.
Oh, thank you for having me. First time caller, long time listener. Um, hey, that's sure am
brother. Oh, hello. Hello. Okay. My, well, the reason I was calling is because I understand
what's going on around the world and everything and all that. And then here in the United
States, it's just basically everybody's pushing against us being the constitution and everything
cars that be, um, is it time for like people to basically stop paying their taxes? I mean,
well I have to say that everybody's got to choose their battles. I won't give people
individual, uh, I'm not gonna tell individuals what I think they should do. Generally try
to eat organic, try to grow your own garden, try to get to no good people. Stop caring
what the system thinks. Stop caring. If you don't have a million dollars in the bank,
stop feeling inadequate.
Get right with God. Get right with your husband and wife. Get right with your children. Get
right with your parents. Try to lay down old grudges with people that, you know, really
don't deserve it. Try to come together and really focus on the global. This is the main
threat and try to expose them every way you can. But yes, if I didn't have 49 crew members
and five or six contractors and I wasn't shooting, you know, doing this battle, I would not be
paying any of these taxes.
The Federal Reserve tax or the income tax 1913 total fraud doesn't go to run the country
designed to put us into debt. The power to tax is the power to destroy. And I would be
trying to do the paperless thing or I do like the illegals do. I'd get fake IDs and fake
names and just live off the grid. So a lot of folks try to live off the grid, but then
they do it completely off the grid.
No, just, you know, go change your name to Juan Gonzalez. I'm serious. Get Mexican plates.
And that's the end of it. And because that's not even bashing the illegals. I mean, that's
that's what they do. Why not? You know, the globalists do that. The globalists to give
themselves diplomatic community.
So I would do whatever you can not to help the system, not to give it anything. But but
more than that, when you see a cop strutting around down the street, staring at people
pull over and go, hey, officer. And if he bows up to you, you know, say, why are you
acting so tough?
Why are you why are you stomping around like you're God? You look like a fool. And if he
does something to you, give me your ID. Go wait a minute. I made first contact. I came
over here and talk to you. Why are you acting like I mean, if you saw a regular guy walking
along going looking at people, you go, what a what a weirdo.
But a cop does it. Oh, man, that's really good. And look, most police don't like guys
like that either. The problem is they're trying to only have those type of guys on the force
now. And again, I've seen the same look at white cops, black cops. It doesn't matter
that we see in the eyes and the M.O. of this gentleman out in out in California.
Can you imagine if Christopher Dorner was a Tea Party member? I mean, it would be the
end of the world if this guy was a Tea Party or see, it fits the script. If it was a Tea
Party or black guy, that'd be even better for him to demonize, you know, two groups
at once.
Well, wait, military. And then in fact, he was black. They would demonize. But again,
it doesn't fit the script to have the cop, because that's it's not they care about cops.
They want that to be off record. Can't question that, because that's the domestic force they're
going to try to use to go after the public. But again, the biggest angle to all of this,
Eric, is this. I'll cover when I get back briefly, then go to Kathy. The absolute key
straight ahead. Let me tell you a day of bass fishing and firing 50 Cal and 308. I just
absolutely feel like I had a five month five month vacation.
Hello, I'm Alex Jones. Myself, my family, the info wars dot com team want to relay to
you and your families that we are intensifying our efforts against the globalist on every
front info wars.com is leading the fight against the technocrats. But we can't do that without
your help. By getting the films, bumper stickers and T shirts and info wars.com you will wake
up people in your area and support our operation as we move to the next level. We need your
help to spread the word like never before. They wish to hide themselves during this tectonic
battle between the forces of freedom and darkness. You are the response to the globalist technocrats
and their program of global eugenics dehumanization and ultimate extermination. The war is here.
It's an info war. The spirit of 1776 versus the mindset of 1984. Hello, this is Ty Bollinger,
author of the bestselling book cancer step outside the box. I want you to know some very
important information. In 1985, President Ronald Reagan requested that Carnivora be
sent directly to the White House at a time when only the president could obtain this
world class healer. Now, 27 years later, carnivore capsules are used around the world to keep
people healthy. Now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in this age of superbugs
with 17 naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal cells only
without harming a single normal cell. If you want to stay healthy, now's your chance to
literally wake up your critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders that don't belong
in your body. Call 1-866-VenusFly or order from carnivora.com. That's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A.com.
That's 1-866-836-8735, 1-866-VenusFly or visit carnivora.com. Protect your immune system.
It's the only one you've got. Valentine's Day is next week and ProFlowers is offering
an amazing deal. 100 stunning blooms of love plus a free glass vase for just $19.99. Go
to proflowers.com. Click on the radio microphone in the upper right corner and enter the secret
code radio13. But hurry, this incredible deal expires this Friday. Flower prices will skyrocket
during Valentine's week. Order now from ProFlowers to get huge savings plus pick any delivery
date and it's guaranteed 100 colorful blooms of love sent fresh from the fields. Guaranteed
to stay fresh and beautiful for at least seven full days for only $19.99. Remember, flower
prices can double, even triple next week. And this incredible deal expires this Friday.
The only way to get this amazing deal is to visit proflowers.com. Click on the radio microphone
in the upper right corner and enter the secret code radio13. That's proflowers.com. Secret
code radio13.
He's the T-Rex of political talk. Alex Jones on the GCN radio network. It's amazing that
you've got 38 million people in California and you've got the police running scared.
They've now shot up a second vehicle. First it was a blue Dodge truck. The suspect's truck
was silver. Two women in it throwing papers out the back. You don't know what a paper
route is. Boy, I thought five-year-olds know that. And I'm not supposed to criticize that.
Well, see, the police are not above being criticized because if they are, they will
turn into tyrants. And the New York police and others, LA police, when they do stuff
like this, they need to be criticized. And by the way, the police chief of LA is calling
for us to have all our semi-autos taken and they're introducing legislation to do it.
So when cops come for your guns, folks, you better start criticizing them. A lot of folks
are like, look, I'll turn my guns in. If the cops say turn them in, I am. Worshipping the
government is not what an American's supposed to do. I know that I'm not supposed to have
an opinion as an American. That's called a conspiracy theory. Anything other than what
the government says is a conspiracy theory.
Now if you don't like the TSA grabbing your genitals, they call you a conspiracy theorist.
It's happened to me. It's happened to others. It'd be like, you know, I don't like pineapple
on my pizza. Why are you a conspiracy theorist? Well, no, I just don't want pineapple. Oh
my gosh, he thinks he doesn't like pineapple. Having a view is now a conspiracy theory.
You understand? Now they are just going crazy in fear when statistically, I guarantee you
cops are dying every couple of days because I know the Texas statistics, California, Texas
is like 38 million, almost 30 million.
California is 38 million. We count the illegal aliens, 50 million. I mean, come on. I mean
right there, you're going to have cops dying all the time in car wrecks. Are they not on
the road in fear? Yes, you randomly may get shot by this guy. So they're not doing motorcycle
foot patrols.
What's next, get out of your uniforms? That's next folks. There are already not many areas
are taking the decals off the vehicles. It's called secret police. It always follows this
and you've got this anti terror guy who wants to be the soldier. The alleged shooter fits
the perfect MO and then he sees what he believes is racism, which I'm sure it's going on.
It's tribalism. They've got departments that are mainly black and other people get discriminated
against. Departments that are mainly white, it happens. Humans, it's not racism. It's
tribal pack mentality. It's clicks. You can have one white country club and you can have
another white country club and they don't like each other.
Okay, I mean, that's just what people do. They get in clicks. Families have clicks where
two siblings gang up on the other one with the parents. I mean, we all know about this.
It's like the Star Trek episode where one group has black on one side and white on the
other and the other leading group, the elite group, it's flipped. Genetics are the same
except for that, but one group oppresses the other. They will use anything. In Africa,
you'll have one tribe on the other side of the river and the other side, they follow
the same religion, they still kill each other.
Same thing here. Different Scottish tribes constantly killing each other. They all look
the same, act the same, same culture. Does it matter? Constantly killing each other,
okay? And all the photos and video of the cops with their guns. Hey, cops, what if this
guy was targeting general citizens?
Can we walk around with guns? No, you're not properly trained. See, that's where this is
all going. And I said I'd go to your phone calls. Here's the big enchilada. Perhaps we
should have all 38 million Californians who aren't government officials. Cuz in California,
the government officials, not servants, are exempt from the red light cameras, exempt
from warrants for speeding.
You didn't know that over a million bureaucrats are exempt. So everyone but state or federal
employees should show up at the end of your street with your children and the police will
drop by at, you'll be told by cell phone. That's why they don't have government alerts
on the cell phones. So you can get your orders to when to show up and you show up politely.
And you think I'm being funny, Nazi Germany did this. People would show up, be rounded
up, put in a pit, and they'd shoot people.
And then folks would politely with their hat in hand, run down into the pit, buy other
dead bodies, you've seen the film footage, to be killed. Now a conspiracy theorist would
resist cuz they'd think I'm about to be killed. I might as well try to go out for one of these
guys or I heard they're killing folks over in the next town. We have no hope but to fight
back. But see, I'm a bad man. I'm a very bad man. You understand, I'm a lot of people that
founded this country in my mind and in my mindset.
But that's evil. I mean, you go to infowars.com, we have a graphic of Thomas Jefferson up there
that says no free man shall ever be debarred the use of arms. Cuz only a free man has arms,
by the way, that's kind of a trick question. We're gonna send that out on Facebook right
now. I'm also gonna Twitter that, tell the guys to tweet that out for me, thank you.
So this is what we're dealing with. I guess Christie doing a great job is listening right
now so she can do that. Go to real Alex Jones on Twitter if you want that. This is what
frustrates me. They've got drones, secret arrests, torture bases, the government runs
al-Qaeda.
The Brookings Institute has come out and said yes, the government is running al-Qaeda in
Africa and other countries to take over. They're the pretext to take over. But that's not scary.
I mean, the news said Hillary is the most popular person in America. They had a poll.
And again, I could go to a Klan rally and poll their favorite person, they'd say Adolf
Hitler. It's who they poll. I mean, this propaganda is so cartoon level. But see, I always thought
it was cartoon level and that it was bad propaganda.
No, no, no, it's good. By putting really bad dumbed down stuff out, people just get lost
in it cuz they can't compute. It's like a slow Loris attack, isn't a denial of service
really. It goes in with certain functions that doesn't really overload the general processors
at first.
But the way I've had it described is that it starts a process of a request and then
never lets the process follow out, just keeps asking for it. And then it shuts down your
website. And that's kind of what it is. It's like, yeah, we got drones, we're gonna kill
you and secretly arrest you. But he has a peace prize, so it's okay. And yeah, the government
runs Al-Qaeda and yeah, we're putting cancer viruses in the vaccines, but yeah, but it's
good for it.
You may have a seizure and die, but just don't worry about it. The extremists don't lie again.
And yeah, lead is now good for you, and so is melamine. And yeah, and it's just meant
to be like, what? What? We're not in a tyranny, but you better not tell the police or I'll
arrest you. And it's just meant to just overwhelm you where you just give up.
Stop even caring what they're saying, other than to analyze it, to laugh at it, to spit
on the ground. I mean, it's time to spit on the ground in front of government, unless
the government person says, I'm a servant, I apologize, you're right. I'm doing everything
I can to fix this.
It's time to say I don't respect you, cuz you work for a system. You're under the system.
You came riding out of Mordor. They're like, well, I'm not a bad person. Really, you're
in the uniform of Mordor. All right, I'm ranting and I said I'd go to your calls. Kathy, interesting
vet suicide story. I'd say terrifying, saddening. What is the story there? I see you have on
the screen.
Alex, am I on? Yes, ma'am. Okay, Alex, I've watched you and listened to you since day
one on Austin Access. And I enjoyed your preaching on Wednesday, so keep it up.
Hey, is this Kathy, one of the church ladies I've met before?
Yes.
Oh, yeah, okay, how you doing? But it's been a long time since I've seen you. I'm usually
with my aunt.
Yes, how's she doing?
Yes, she's doing great. And she sends you her love and her prayers.
You know why I like you ladies? It's not that you're older. I mean, you're a lot younger,
but I've known you for about 16 years or so. So 17 years, so we've all gotten older, is
that you guys have that same glow in your eyes that my grandmother has. Good Christian
ladies.
Oh, my goodness. Well, thank you. I was just so excited when you were preaching the other
day. I was just jumping up and down and had to let my aunt know she's 91 and a half now
today.
Wow.
So anyway, but I wanted to share with you that I was at the grocery store a few days
after Christmas and I was visiting with a lady at the grocery store and she told me
her son had died around the first of December and he had killed himself and he was a veteran.
And I was asking her and I was sharing with her a few things that you had said. And she
said that within their circle of family and friends, that within that circle, they had
found out that two other guys had also committed, had committed suicide on the same day and
they didn't even know each other. And she said all three had set up the same ritual
of this like a white towel over their head and had these room deodorizers in a circle
around them.
All right, well, you need to come to the office then on Monday. We need to do an investigation
because I've known you, I don't know, like 16 years at least since about 1996 or so.
And know you and you, well, we've been, I think, been out to dinner once or twice, but
the point is, is that if, and you run a really conservative, nice, a believable circle and
you're saying they're doing bizarre rituals.
This sounds like mind control to me. Describe slowly what they're doing.
I don't even know the lady. I mean, this was just a conversation that we struck up and
then of course I was interested and so I started asking her questions and all. And so this
is basically what she told me. She just said that they had, each one of them had this towel
and she was kind of, you know, like maybe a, I don't know what size, but anyway, it
was, I think she said it was a white towel. She said two of them had put it over their
head. The other one had, her son had laid it out in front of him and she just made some
and she said, and what was so strange is all three of them were found with these room deodorizers
put in a circle in the room around them and they had shot themselves in the mouth with
their guns.
And she said, you know, it's just, she said, we've just been wondering if the military
wasn't teaching them how to kill themselves. Well, you know, with the room deodorizers
I've studied mind control. It won't just be the catcher and the rye as a verbal trigger.
They'll a lot of times do the programming and only takes a few weeks now with the drugs
and stuff they've got. They should be checking their brains for chips and things too. That's
old technology, but they don't like that because it can be found.
And a lot of times they'll do have smells associated with the programming and then they'll
have simulators while they're on hallucinogenic drugs and other things where they simulate
killing themselves. And then the electrodes they've got running into their brain, torturing
them. They've got other systems it's turned off when they kill themselves.
But then they, they're not in the horrible pain until the trigger word is given and they
call them up on the telephone. People see this in movies because folks that's based
on real stuff and they give them generally a bunch of code words to make sure it's not
something they accidentally hear.
But like, you know, dolphin, tower, red shield. I mean, I'm not giving actual programs out.
I'm just randomly giving things out that are similar to what they would do. And then the
person goes into a trance and then goes and does it. And they've been given the troops
so many drugs, so many experiments.
Troops I've talked to say we don't remember anything for like weeks and time went by.
Yeah, no. I mean, they want robots, but robots aren't as good as humans yet. So they're practicing
with mind control. That's what the Marine Corps, the army, the no sleep, the shaving
the heads. That's old German mind control, 200 years old.
Is there a less expensive way to detoxify your body? Yes. Microplant powder from hempusa.org
frees your body of toxins from virus, fungus, bacteria, vaccinations, pharmaceutical residues,
heavy metals, parasites, and toxic chemicals in your food and water for around $10 a month.
And for persistent health issues, try our matrix bio powder together with micro plant
powder for a deeper cellular cleaning. Call 888-910-4367 and see what our powder, seeds,
and oil can do for you at hempusa.org.
Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered why banks, stock workers, investment advisors
won't talk about gold IRAs? They've been available since 1986, yet the financial industry won't
recognize the value of gold for your retirement. Gold is outperformed paper investments, yet
no word about IRAs. If you would like to have gold for your retirement, call 800-686-2237.
Don't get left behind by rising inflation and low returns. Call 800-686-2237. Secure
your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
Hello, this is Ty Bollinger, author of the bestselling book, Cancer Step Outside the
Box. I want you to know some very important information. In 1985, President Ronald Reagan
requested that Carnivora be sent directly to the White House at a time when only the
President could obtain its world-class healer. Now, 27 years later, Carnivora capsules are
used around the world to keep people healthy. Now you can protect yourself and your loved
ones in this age of superbugs with 17 naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond
to abnormal cells only without harming a single normal cell. If you want to stay healthy,
now's your chance to literally wake up your critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders
that don't belong in your body. Call 1-866-VenusFly or order from Carnivora.com. That's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A.com.
That's 1-866-836-8735, 1-866-VenusFly or visit Carnivora.com. Protect your immune system.
It's the only one you've got.
Hi, this is Peter Kronschnebel from Midas Resources. As you know, federal government
spending is at an all-time high and inflation will be a direct result of the spending policy.
European government and central bank spending policies have put the European Union on the
brink of collapse. What are you doing right now to protect yourself financially? Are your
assets working for you or against you? One thing is certain, having physical possession
of gold and silver will guarantee that no matter what happens to our economy or the
dollar, your investment will never be worthless. It will protect you from that hidden tax,
inflation. If you've been thinking about investing in physical possession of precious metals
or having an IRA in precious metals, I can help. Call me today, Peter Kronschnebel, at
800-686-2237, extension 108. And I'll take the time to personally put together a portfolio
designed to protect what you've worked so hard for. Call 800-686-2237, extension 108.
You've worked hard your whole life and I want to work hard for you. Call Peter at 800-686-2237,
extension 108.
Health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins. That bears repeating. Digestive
health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins. And Pro-EM-1 Daily Probiotic Cleanse
is the key to digestive health. Pro-EM-1 is a powerful liquid probiotic, strong enough
to cleanse, gentle enough to use every day. Pro-EM-1 is dairy, wheat and soy free, contains
all natural and certified organic ingredients, contains no preservatives or animal products,
supports a healthy digestive and immune system, supports weight loss, improves absorption
of food nutrients, aids in controlling yeast infections, is never freeze dried, and uses
three groups of live, viable, beneficial microbes to cleanse and remove toxins. Order Pro-EM-1
Daily Probiotic Cleanse at Tereganics.com, spelled T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X.com, Tereganics.com.
Your call toll free, 866-369-3678. That's 866-369-3678. Pro-EM-1, the raw probiotic.
Pro-EM-1, they're born. Some folks are born, made to wait to fly. Ooh, the red, white and
blue, the red, white and blue. And when the band plays, head out to the tree floor, they
point their cannon at you. Oh yeah, they point their cannon at you. It ain't me. It ain't
no senator's son. All right, I'm babbling and torturing people. Kathy, I'm gonna give
you my phone number. I think I gave it to you years ago, but I'd like you to give it
to that lady or come by the office sometime next week. We're all real busy, obviously.
You are too, I'm sure, but I'd like to talk to that lady because they're killing themselves
at rates, last time I saw, seven times any previous record. 22 a day, and it's like they're
being programmed with a disposal switch. And notice there's not checkpoints and freaking
out and cops running around with machine guns.
22 vets are killing themselves a day. My gosh, into the world, three cops were killed in
Southern California. Into the world, into the world. No, they just wanna keep it quiet
and just salute the troops and thank them for what they've done. But be hollow and don't
actually try to get them out of the evil wars. Don't try to find out why they're killing
themselves. What do you think's behind all this? I mean, I know they're testing all sorts
of drugs on them.
Yeah, well, I don't know. I've just always wondered about the mind control.
Well, that is mind control. Taking Prozac will make you go crazy sometimes and kill
people, but it's not gonna make everybody do the same ritual like an army in or something.
Well, I mean, I was wondering about the trigger effect, kind of like something like you were
talking about.
I mean, they're directly out of programming. See, they need some compulsive ritual they
do in some of the classic programming. See, I need to talk to her. Were they in special
operations and things? Look, they're killing a bunch of, Navy SEALs are getting murdered
every week or something.
I mean, folks, there's definitely a bunch of stuff going on. You see, after you've gone
and done all this stuff for them, they're gonna kill you, especially if you were in
a truly, really dark type stuff. Well, listen, Kathy, I'm gonna give you my number and I'll
try to call you later today or you can try to call me or just give me your number and
God bless you.
I'll put you back on hold. Anything else that she told you we should know?
No, she just said her husband was going to try to investigate it. But if I see her again
at the store, I'll be sure to try to make her-
And she came off as credible to you?
Yeah, yeah, very much so.
Well, you know what? We need to have a time maybe on the Sunday show, four to six or something,
to open the phones up for families to talk about veterans. I'm doing it Sunday, one hour
on people to call in whose family members have committed suicide. They're gonna hate
this cuz they want you just to forget about the veterans and just salute them at the football
game.
And then meanwhile, just keep quiet about why they're all killing themselves. We're
gonna do that Sunday. Guys, make me Sunday, spend an hour for people's reports of suicide
to humanize these people. Let's go to Smedley in Montana. Smedley, go ahead, sir.
Howdy, howdy. He's from FEMA Region 8, formerly known as Big Sky Country. Just a couple of
quick comments, Alex, on Infowars related, and I'll get to my main one real quick. The
other day you did a segment on flipping the script. Very, very powerful. I played it to
a couple of my friends that normally will not listen to anything. I think I woke a couple
of them up.
Well, I mean, look, I mean, it's happening now. They're flipping from Al-Qaeda is what
we're taking your rights to. It's you, you're the terrorists. The Army's for you, for you.
I mean, it's all happening.
Yeah, and I mean, it's just watching that. You were on fire that day, buddy, you were
on fire. And so if you're too busy to expound on that, that may be my entry in the Paul
Revere contract contest. I'll try to do something on that. The other thing I wanted to say is
this year's staff, Paul, Aaron, Rob, Darren, David, David, Melissa, Dakari, Mike, Adam,
these people are just incredible. And I used to be a Dallas Cowboy, knew who was on the
waiver wire. I mean, Dallas Cowboy fan, I should say. And now I don't even pay attention.
I pay attention to this superstar. These guys are my superstars. The other thing I wanted
to say was, there was a congressman, you know, you talk a lot of times about the power of
talk radio. Well, there was this congressman on talk radio the other day, and usually people
call in and it's stuff nondescript, like bus schedules and all this kind of stuff, right?
Well, he was on the other day, and man, I'm telling you, he was sweating. I could feel
it. Talk about your feet being held to the fire. The calls just one after the other was
Agenda 21. By the way, I guess Rosa Corey's coming up this way in a couple of months.
He was being hit with questions about preserving the Second Amendment drone, fluoride in the
water. And here in Montana, you can call back and get on again. So there were people calling
back and getting on two or three times. It's just hammering on this guy.
No, it's awesome. But remember, I think it's good the police have shot up two people's
vehicles who were innocent. They didn't even look like the suspect's vehicle. I think all
Californians should arrange themselves at the end of the block for the police to drive
by and shoot them and their families for their safety. I mean, that's reasonable, isn't it?
No, no, seriously, I hope they catch this guy. It's really terrible what's happening.
But he is a big Obama and Piers Morgan supporter. God bless you.
