Thank you for listening to GCN. Great Talk Radio starts here.
Big Brother. Mainstream media. Government cover-ups. You want answers? Well so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for joining us today. Obviously, there are a lot of big world events we're going to be breaking down, and a lot of huge news stories that have been ignored,
because of the tragic bombing attacks in Boston, and now the ensuing government power grab orgy that is going on.
The total wide open border amnesty, 800 page plus bill, CISPA passing the house, Russian or Chinese file net censorship, in the words of tech analyst Declan McCullough at CNET News,
I mean even Google says it's draconian. That is rocketed through the house. Homeland security to be given even more autonomous power from the more and more ceremonial Congress.
Manipulations of gold downward. Definitely the big mega banks are using paper gold in naked shorts to drive down the physical gold to hide the inflationary thing going on with paper currencies.
We've got that, we've got federal furloughs hitting nation's biggest airports, and we've got all the latest on the bombing. It is all coming up today.
And former NSA analyst and before that submarine warfare expert, and of course he worked for a bunch of other big companies and has been reporting on congressional national security issues for over a decade.
Wayne Madsen is going to be giving us his take on this situation, and we also have Joel Skousen on who was on a few days after this happened last week.
Also a national security analyst of substantive gravitas. Joel Skousen will be joining us in the last 30 minutes of the transmission today to give us his take on all of this.
But regardless of whether this is a staged event or not, you know this power structure is coming after your liberty, coming after your freedom.
You know that, and you know they're going to sell tens of billions of dollars of robots, and you know they're going to sell more armored vehicles.
And you know the military industrial complex, most of it foreign, is going to use this to turn America upside down.
Now, obviously day one it happened, I said let's look for drills, let's look for stand downs, let's look for multiple patsy grips, let's look for setups, and let's follow who they say they believe it is.
And the media said it's going to be a right-winger lone wolf, and they said okay they've been in arrest, our word is right-wing lone wolf, you gun owners are going to get the blame, we got you.
But because of all the photos out there, I think the evidence is clear, they said okay we haven't been in arrest, we're letting the person go, we're shutting the courthouse down, panic, you know kick the media out, and then they the next day bring out the patsy photos.
And people are like oh but they said they had a firefight with them.
Now witnesses, and these articles are up at infallwars.com, say no the naked guy being put in the car was the older brother, no they later saw him get run over by the police.
And then you notice the younger brother gets out of the boat, climbs out of the boat, and then minutes later is getting what looks like a tracheotomy, and now he can't talk too good.
And I'm sure after enough electroshock therapy he'll say whatever they want.
These guys clearly, and this fits the exact demo we've seen, are double agents, triple agents.
In the Israeli press, Deb Kefil is saying that.
Now people will say how dare you say it wasn't a totally staged deal.
That is a staged deal.
I mean 7-7 they were young secular style Muslims mainly, liberals who it looked like were getting extra paychecks with MI-5 and MI-6, well that came out.
And were being handled by a SWAT, a high level Al Qaeda operative who was also MI-6 and is still allowed to travel in and out of England.
He reportedly was their handler.
Now that's London Telegraph, Fox News.
And again that's just one case I'm giving you. It's the same story over and over again.
Look at Benghazi arming the Al Qaeda.
Look at what they're doing right now in Libya and Syria.
And then when they attack us, it's like hey, come out of your house with your hands up.
We have video coming up of citizens coming out with their hands up in their homes with the cops aiming guns at them.
That is totally illegal and a bunch of bull and a power grab.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here it is.
The Cal Bend Soap Company.
Alex's staff have been using these all natural earth friendly pure soaps for years and they are the best.
See them on the web at www.5starsoap.com or call 1-800-340-7091 for a catalog.
Then order the sampler, one to two month supply.
You will be getting soap products twice as good as what you are using now at a great price and supporting an American company in the process.
Earth friendly and all American.
Their soaps are made from vegetable and coconut oils.
Call 1-800-340-7091 or visit www.5starsoap.com.
Cal Bend Pure Soap Company can save you thousands of dollars and give you good old fashioned real soaps that are triple concentrated.
See it on the web at www.5starsoap.com or call 1-800-340-7091 for a catalog.
A little over a year ago I began to do a lot of research into why, even if I had a pretty good sized meal, that I was still starving.
And my research led me to a well known fact that most of the soils that we grow our crops on here in the United States and across the industrialized world
are almost completely depleted of almost all of the key minerals and trace elements that our bodies need to rebuild themselves, fight off cancer and be healthy.
I then searched out the best vitamin and mineral company out there and discovered Younggevity.
The Younggevity products are designed to give you the real nutrition you need and once you've got that you don't have to eat as much to be satisfied.
I've lost 37 pounds in two months simply getting the vitamins and minerals I need.
Check it out for yourself, it's incredible.
Go to Infowarsteam.com today and order your first canister of Beyond Tangy Tangerine Complete Multivitamin Mineral Complex Dietary Supplement.
That's Infowarsteam.com.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold and weapons.
But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it the number one choice of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to SupernaturalSilver.com.
Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
From the front lines of the information war, it's Alex Jones.
Monday through Friday from 11 a.m. until 2 p.m. Central Standard Time.
We're here live on the radio, simulcasting video at Infowarsnews.com and prisonplanet.tv and we return every weeknight.
7 o'clock Central, 8 o'clock Eastern with Infowars Nightly News.
I want to try to be calm here and then open the phones up to take your phone calls until the bottom of the next hour when Wayne Madsen, journalist, award-winning researcher, former NSA analyst, joins us, National Security Agency analyst.
And then Joel Skousen of World Affairs Brief, Marine Corps aviator, researcher, nephew of Cleon Skousen, obviously, and the naked communist.
He is going to be joining us as well to give us his latest breakdown on all of this.
The big question is where to begin today?
I told you over the weekend what the big news would be that Glenn Beck was going to be putting out about the Saudi Arabian and it's that the White House is involved in a cover-up.
Now, they could be doing that cover-up to create a rabbit trail to Saudi Arabia.
Even though the foreign Saudi press is reporting the Saudi gentleman that was injured, the young man, is hooked into the royal family and did get visited by Michelle Obama.
And there was an emergency meeting with a Saudi foreign minister and the files of this guy are being altered and changed.
That's coming out and they are planning to deport them.
They are planning to deport them.
So dead men tell no tales and people deported back to their own country, obviously, will tell no tales, at least where the media can pick it up here.
Now, all that said, I'm going to address that later because I put a video out on it yesterday, predicted what will be released because it was already released.
It was already in the news last Friday that the White House is covering the shop in a bunch of other newspapers.
And it's already in the news that the White House is acting very suspicious.
Now, getting away from that report right now and getting into the big issues that we're looking at right now, we can punch this up for TV viewers.
The aunt says that the older brother, she says the naked man in the video being seen put in the patrol car, is him.
The other brother was partying and, you know, the night before all this happened, like he normally did, you know, drinking and smoking pot and stuff, according to his friends, was not a practicing Muslim, by the way.
But they were pretty full of themselves, had a lot of extra money.
You also, again, now have witnesses in the local news.
These articles and videos are up on Infowars.com.
We're going to be breaking those down, saying that, again, they tend to throw news articles up on screen.
I tend to look at those articles, start reading those articles and getting distracted.
The article I want to put up, is my computer punched up right here?
Because this is the one I want to put up here.
Yeah, the aunt claims naked man in video is him, and then you look at the video and you see the face on the person going into the car.
It looks just like them.
And then you've got other local news and witnesses reporting that the police ran him over in the car and sat there pumping rounds into him on the ground.
And if you look at what happened to the other brother, he's reportedly in the boat.
I was listening to the police scanner live five minutes before I went live Friday night at about 6.50.
I went on early because I was listening to the police scanner via Ustream, actually watching it.
The guy had the Ustream set up there in Boston with the scanners, with millions, two million people were listening to it when I was watching it, with the camera on the scanner.
And the police were freaking out that media had gotten into a warehouse across a body of water nearby and were videotaping what was going on with live feeds.
And obviously you then started seeing that on the news, and then they pumped a bunch of bullets, looks like hundreds of bullets if you look at the boat, into it, obviously trying to kill him.
Then they get over there and then the police are panicking because now media they tried to keep out had footage of what was happening.
So they pumped hundreds of rounds in, obviously trying to kill him, then he stands up miraculously.
And don't worry though, five minutes later he's being traked and they're cutting into his throat to save him.
And then they've sedated him, and then now he's reportedly, and again all these articles I'm mentioning are up on Infowars.com.
Then they start interrogating him now, the special national security feds that are there.
These are people on record that will torture children in front of their parents to get fake confessions.
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed confessed to bombing buildings that weren't built until four years after he was already in jail.
He might have confessed to killing Jesus 2,000 years ago. He might have confessed to killing Lincoln and blowing up the Lusitania and firebombing the Reichstag in Germany in 1933.
He might have confessed to being mean to Santa Claus one Christmas morning.
Again, fake confessions, fake news, fake WMDs, fake, fake, fake.
Now, again there's so many data points here, I'm going to try to go over all of these for you, but here's what we know.
The FBI five years ago visited the families of these young men to cover their butts, as they normally do, to create a history and a ledger that they were indeed watching the older brother and then recently the younger brother.
Two and a half years ago in 2011, they visited them because the Russians blew their cover.
That's what the Russians do and said, we're putting in a national security Interpol complaint on these brothers going to Dagestan and going to Chechnya.
And by the way, they're using aliases and we know that through Interpol.
Because the West has spent billions of dollars in Dagestan and in Chechnya and in surrounding areas funding what is known as the Jihadi Wahhabist Crescent.
And they have a man known as the Chechnyan Bin Laden, guys type in Chechnyan Bin Laden.
This is who, this is who the brothers went to try to make contact with.
And so they could get in and out of the country, magically they were able to get on aircraft and things with fake names.
And now there's a whitewash going on that.
Now, I told you it would end up that they had intelligence connections, not just FBI visits.
Now, you want to go further?
Because this is the biggest piece of the puzzle of hundreds that no one is even talking about.
The FBI had them under surveillance for five years, probably CIA or maybe even foreign intelligence running these guys.
Again, who's funding Al Qaeda publicly?
Again, who just gave 100 plus million dollars last week to the Syrian rebels, the State Department?
It's over a billion dollars now total in the last two and a half years they've given them publicly.
That's known Al Qaeda being funded to, again, take over countries.
What is the West doing to Russia?
Radicalizing Muslims, but also sending in infiltrators to keep tabs on them.
And who do they use?
Young men from England and the United States and Germany.
Now, these guys suddenly had money.
They suddenly, you know, they were flashy, always dressing like playboys, going through women like they were Cracker Jacks.
These are not practicing Muslims.
And that's why their father says it's a setup and that they've been set up.
Do you understand that, ladies and gentlemen?
This is just like Mohammed Atta, you know, at the strip bar two nights before, who it turns out, ladies and gentlemen.
It turns out, ladies and gentlemen, that these guys were absolutely being protected.
So let's go over.
Let's go over this for everybody here.
The FBI is saying did not know who they were. Here are their photos. Help us find them.
We don't know who they are. Here's video. Here's photos.
We don't know who they are.
And I could watch the video and say there is clearly a Fed putting his earpiece in and talking.
And because these guys all think they're James Bond, they act overly tough and cool into the role.
You see the cops all posing and sticking their jaws out as they order citizens out of their houses at gunpoint.
This is all part of drama queening.
And there's feds in that video they released clearly drama queening playing the part of secret agent.
When they should have had their shirts hanging out, should have been picking their nose, should have been sitting there with a whiskey bottle, you know, in a bag and then like picked up a phone and dialed it like they were mentally ill, then you wouldn't have been spotted feds.
You should have been sitting there with trash all over the ground up against that wall with a beer can.
Instead, you're playing secret agent. I mean, you guys are a joke because it's all part of your template that you're you've arrived.
You're I mean, I go to 007 movies and stuff.
And like half the theater is filled with cops. I went to Olympus has fallen and it was just full of cops, full of cops.
And I'm walking out. I said, hey, you're cops.
And they're like, how do you know that, Jones? And I'm like, come on.
Look at your body language. You're in here for your brainwashing download of the imaginary terrorists that are everywhere and your Hercules fighting the seven headed Hydra.
I mean, you're there in a brainwashing chamber being brainwashed to be given ancestral programming, psychological programming of simulated terror attacks that do not exist.
And the cops have like tears in their eyes in these movies and cops are listening.
You know, you go into it and they're all sitting back watching in the theater while the real war, by the way, is going on all around you.
You go and you watch Batman fight the terrorist. I mean, it just goes on and on and on.
And that's all this is. So I want to try to regroup. I mean, I'm doing a pretty good job, I think, but it's just my mind is exploding in thousands of directions and try to just give you the timeline.
That's probably the best way. I did a great presentation right before I went live on air.
I was had Rob do recording me so we can get all the documents together to get me ready for a special report tonight on the nightly news.
And I recorded it onto his iPhone audio of the whole timeline. And I just I just gave dozens of points.
And then once I get on air, I've only gone over basic ones. But I haven't I haven't gotten to the big enchilada yet or I didn't point it out properly.
They knew who these guys were when they released their photos to you. Oh, help us. Here's the only guys you have to look at.
Who are they? You know who they are. They were at least double agents.
You've heard about our MRE Smorgasbord. Now, Long Life Food Depot introduces the most unique, safe and longest lasting way to stash emergency food.
The Eat Pod. Most survival food products recommend an ideal storage environment, including low temps, low moisture and low oxygen.
If you're storing in a basement too humid, garages and attics too hot.
But the waterproof double walled high density polyethylene patent pending Eat Pod is a unique roll away food bunker that creates the perfect conditions,
can be buried up to 30 feet and can keep your survival food supply safe, secure, dry and virtually undetectable for 25 years or more.
Get full details on the Eat Pod at eatpod.com spelled EATPOD.com or call 800-601-2833.
That's 800-601-2833. The Eat Pod from Long Life Food Depot. Since 1983, sending real food to your real future.
Making the right decisions is a challenge to investors. Are we going to see economic growth slide into a recession or at worst depression?
Hi, Ted Anderson from Midas Resources. We all know when a company acts irresponsibly, divesting ourselves in a move towards safety is prudent.
When the market becomes volatile, U.S. Treasuries are a safe haven. But what do you do when the U.S. Government overextends itself and spends beyond its means?
Many investors are turning toward gold as a common sense alternative to traditional paper investments.
Midas Resources has put together a powerful book titled 10 Reasons to Own Gold, discussing costs, benefits, risks, featuring full-color illustrations, weights and measures.
The book is free and can be yours by calling 800-686-2237. Paper investments are dwarfed by gold's 6,000-year history.
Discover how gold may be right for you and your IRA by calling 800-686-2237.
Whether buying or it's time for you to sell, the book is free. Call 800-686-2237.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our immunity and health.
At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection of silver-based products.
Our most popular silver-based products are the 32-ounce nano-silver solutions, our 2-ounce nano-silver nasal applicators, as well as our all-natural silver soaps.
Just released is our 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface.
But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin-nourishing chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more effectively.
Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver-based products are best for you.
That's www.silverlungs.com.
Those in front of Congress right now could take away your right to keep and bear arms. If Obama has his way, all guns will be either banned, restricted, or confiscated, possibly by executive order.
The best way to keep your guns is to hide them. What Obama can't find, Obama can't take away. You can protect your guns from any threat.
Download our special report, How to Hide Your Guns, at www.gohideyourguns.com. Learn how to hide your guns while keeping them readily available.
Report now before they make us take it down on the web at www.gohideyourguns.com.
Sergeant Dave Scott, Army search and rescue veteran, wants you to hear this urgent message.
All emergencies have casualties, but in America, most casualties from storms like Katrina and Sandy only happen because good people were in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Don't let that happen to you. Visit www.yourbugoutplan.com on the web.
Watch a free video presentation of the skills you need to be long gone before any disaster can touch you.
You owe it to yourself and to your family to watch this. Head to www.yourbugoutplan.com. On the web right now www.yourbugoutplan.com.
You can go down an entire city and come door to door aiming guns at you and going in your house without a warrant.
That's called public safety. Actually, it's called martial law.
This is the end. They sure needed to hunt down both brothers and kill them.
And they sure thought they'd killed him after they pumped hundreds of rounds into the boat.
But unfortunately, I was listening to the police scanner live via Ustream from Boston.
They were like, oh, my gosh, the media has got a fix on the boat.
Get in there and get that media out of there. But.
Then the younger brother.
Climbed up out of it. And climbed out.
And so. They were unable to, I guess, burn him down or shoot him like they did Dorner to make sure we never find out what really happened.
So then they had to get him down on the ground and do, I guess, a tracheotomy, it looked like on it to make sure they said he may never be able to talk.
But he's communicating with investigators. I'm sure he'll he'll confess very quickly.
They have to the waterboard his mother in front of him.
And again, I'm not saying they might not have actually been part of the drill, planted something.
They could even be real double triple agents, as Deborah File in Israel is reporting.
But what I told you is now confirmed there was a big fat drill with 400 military.
Just National Guard, a bunch of other military in plainclothes, FBI, 2000 police.
On that route and hundreds of them at the end, and it didn't protect you, so I don't want to lose my rights.
And by the way, the martial law isn't what caught him. It was outside the search cordon area of much of the city.
And it turned out finally after the people were allowed out of their lockdown, it's all prison planet training.
You're locked down when they stay in the city now. Don't come out of your homes for your security, terrorists are in the area.
That's how they live in communist and fascist countries.
They just announce when you can't come out of your home or when there's a daytime or nighttime curfew, but it's all for your safety, of course.
It's all for your safety, of course.
It's all to stop the drug dealers too, when the government ships the drugs in.
They create the crisis to offer the solution to run our lives.
And then the neighbor looks out and sees the boat and sees the blood on it.
And because the lockdown had been lifted, he wouldn't dare go out while the lockdown was on.
He sat there and looked at the blood on the boat and everything and waited.
And when the lockdown was over, he went out to look and thought he saw somebody in there, so he went and called the police.
He followed his orders. Man, I'm telling you, the police announced, you're locked down in Austin, do not leave your home.
You know what? I'm going to go out. I've had enough of the stinking government.
By the way, you're running Al-Qaeda and everybody knows it.
130 something mil. You guys pull up this Associated Press, it's from my stack yesterday.
130 plus mil given to the Syrian rebels last week.
Al-Qaeda murdering Christians in mass.
And then here's the big smoking gun of a bunch of them.
I'm going to try to walk through this. I'm going to do the timeline in the next segment.
I'm so wound up today.
US providing, excuse me, 123 million more in aid.
That's politico.
I guess the last funding was 130 million.
To Al-Qaeda.
You know, I wish somebody locked Washington down and we could arrest all the criminals there.
You know, it's one thing the police say, we believe a bank robber is on this block.
Please don't come out of your home in this area.
But when you lock down an entire, most of a city and then outside the city, it's a joke, folks.
It's a bunch of grandstanding.
Military coming to your house, coming in.
And I've got all these videos up on Infowars.com of pointing guns at people.
And it's all part of their cult.
Government always creates cults of doing what we say.
And finally, every culture says, bring your first born up to the temple.
We're going to cut their heart out tomorrow.
And people say government said so.
So you bring your little kid, the druids, you bring your little kid out to a bonfire.
That's where the term bonfire comes from.
They'd have it sizzling hot.
And they'd grab the kid by the arms and legs.
Usually like 10-year-olds.
That was one of the most popular with the druids.
You know, young boy.
And one, two, three.
Throw him into a big fire.
Isn't that nice?
And government said so.
I mean, they're doing it for your safety.
The crops won't grow if you don't do it.
We come back, I'm going to settle down and go through it all.
I've got to just settle down here.
By the way, thousands of nine-month-old babies reportedly butchered
until the sewage lines always had to be pumped out with their little parts.
And guess who?
When I saw this, I didn't believe it.
I went and looked it up and it's true.
Guess who owns the abortion clinic where they would put babies in the toilet
to drown and they would struggle and try to swim and fight with their lives.
Oh, guess who?
The attorney general.
Anything dirty and bad, they're involved in it.
Fast and furious, you know, but they wouldn't be involved in this.
We're on the march.
The empire's on the run.
Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
You may be arrested and or subject to other police action.
Tyranny is here.
The grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality.
It really says that the state is God.
The United States is now recognized globally
as one of the most oppressive police states on earth.
This film conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps
now being expanded nationwide.
This documentary exposes how the continuity of government program
has established an all-powerful shadow state.
Police State 4 chronicles the sickening depths to which our republic has fallen.
Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship,
body scanners, sound cameras, citizen spies,
staged terror and cameras on every street corner.
It's only the beginning of the new world order's hellish plan.
The police state isn't coming.
It's here.
Secure your copy today at infowars.com
or see it online in the highest quality at prisonplanet.tv.
All in one filter element.
It is the only one that does it and out of the gates.
We have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides,
herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosilic acid,
the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands
and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro-Pure with the new Pro-One filters today at infowarsstore.com
or by calling 888-253-3139.
Twice as good as what you're using now at a great price
and supporting an American company in the process.
Earth friendly and all American.
Their soaps are made from vegetable and coconut oils.
Call 1-800-340-7091 or visit www.5starsoap.com.
Cal Bend Pure Soap Company can save you thousands of dollars
and give you good old fashioned real soaps that are triple concentrated.
See it on the web, www.5starsoap.com or call 1-800-340-7091 for a catalog.
We are on the march.
The empire is on the run.
Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
All right, ladies and gentlemen, we are back live.
Thank you so much for joining us and we are showing video to TV viewers
of what looks like about 20 police firing en masse with 223s and 308s
over and over and over again into the boat
waiting about an hour and 45 minutes for him to bleed to death.
By the way, there's even more of this footage but it has cuss words over it
so we're only seeing about half of it of the sustained fire
where it appears they load and reload their clips three or four times.
Let's be conservative, 15 officers or so.
You can see a whole line of flashes or it looks about 50 yards
firing into the boat, hopefully killing patch C number two.
While telling everyone that they sure wanted him to be alive.
And then, of course, you've got the other brother.
You've got the other brother.
Reportedly now witnesses are saying we have these videos up on Infowars.com
that they saw the police run over him and then fill his body full of holes
and the aunt and others are saying that it is video of the older brother,
Tamerlan, being brought naked into the police car.
And then I guess you just stage a firefight and then say that you killed him.
Again, we're seeing all the signs just like with Dorner where they said
we're going to burn this mother effer up.
Yeah, burn down that cabin, burn it down.
And then, okay, we've got the fire placing the fire.
It's on fire, good, mission completed.
We burned him down and a big celebration.
And then we reported it and the news said
Jones is a conspiracy theorist.
There is no audio of them saying burn it down.
That was that night.
Then the next day they said, well, they said burn down the cabin,
burn that mother effer down, but that doesn't mean burn it.
Now, who's the conspiracy theorist?
Who's the liar and who isn't?
You all heard them on six different feeds,
three different individuals talking about burning the mother effer down.
And it is the same story here, here yet again,
here yet again today, ladies and gentlemen.
We are seeing the same thing happen with continued rapidity.
Now, again, here's the giant trillion pound enchilada.
They told you, here's the photos.
We've got to show you these photos.
We've got to go over these photos
because we don't know who these people are
and we need your help finding them.
But don't look at any of the other photos of the obvious drill
and obvious other patsies.
And they've come out now, the FBI, and said,
we didn't want people looking at other stuff.
It was going to cause a problem.
Oh, yes, I know it was because you lied about there being a drill.
And they're lying to people saying they didn't know who they were.
Here are the articles.
Boston bomber, FBI dropped the ball over Tamerlan.
The FBI was alerted by Russian security services
to serious new concerns about one of the Boston bomb suspects
as recently as November.
It was claimed on Sunday night.
And since then, the FBI has indeed admitted to all of that.
And of course, they were talking to their family about them for five years.
The Russians blew their cover two and a half years ago saying,
why are you letting these guys go in and out of these terrorist controlled areas?
We think this guy is suspicious.
They should, Kurt Nemo wrote an article about it on Sunday,
actually Saturday, about the State Department funding
billions of dollars to the bin Laden of Chechnya
that this gentleman, brother number one, the older dead brother,
Dead Men Tell No Tales, that he reportedly worked with.
So he reportedly was under the influence
and was inspired by Chechen warlord on State Department payroll
who the FBI had been following and talking to now for five years.
Five years, five years, five years.
By the way, the family said five years
before they admitted two and a half years
and now five years is confirmed.
So they were on these guys forever.
But they released photos and videos saying,
gee, we don't know who they are
when you can see feds watching them in the doorway as they walk by.
Was Boston bomber inspired by Russia's bin Laden?
Mother claims FBI tracked older brother for five years
after told by Moscow of links to Chechen terrorists.
Well, yeah, Moscow was blowing his cover.
That's how agencies get rid of somebody
without killing them and starting a new cold war
is they simply say, hey, here's your agents, knock it off.
Now, it gets worse.
Here is the Huffington Post and here is Politico.
But they hide this in plain view.
Representative Mike Rogers,
Tamerlan may have traveled to Russia under an alias.
Under an alias.
Mike Rogers, the older brother may have traveled to Russia
under an alias and it's not really Russia.
It's to Uzbekistan and to Chechnya
and the Russians came and said this guy,
this guy looks like he's one of your people.
Get him out of here.
Lindsey Graham says wrong name hid the Russia trip.
Oh, the senator is helping us understand
exactly why that happened.
It is so frustrating.
I mean, can't there ever be a bombing where,
let me show TV viewers and for radio listeners,
I will simply give you the headline on this.
You can see it all for yourself.
Chair expert, London bombings mastermind is MI6 asset.
We have that article saved.
It was from the London Daily Telegraph
and then there's Fox News under it.
You just search MI6 agent 77 bombings.
77 London bomber, MI6 agent.
That was by the way, John Loftus,
former head of counter-terrorism for the FBI.
Oh, so there's just some of the headlines.
Democratic underground, London bombing mastermind,
an MI6 agent.
Daily Mail MI6 told agent it couldn't kill Al-Qaeda.
London bombing ringleader Haroon Rashid Aswat double agent.
He wasn't a double agent.
He was allowed to fly in and out of the country
for years after the bombing
and it turned out is an MI6 officer.
Not an asset, not an agent, an officer.
Let me say it again.
An officer of MI6 commanded, commanded, to quote Destro,
all you cops think you're GI Joe,
you actually work for Cobra.
But look how simple that is, that you work for Cobra
and you don't even know it.
The government is Cobra.
We here at Cobra so chaos to bring order and weapon sales.
See, it's all a big joke, all in your face.
Look how the police dress like Cobra
and all the children watching that,
everybody thought Cobra was cooler.
You were all being imprinted,
all being imprinted with predictive programming.
Cobra brings in a world government.
Cobra gets rid of gold, brings in cashless systems.
Cobra brainwashes kids through television.
Have you watched those old 80s cartoons?
Cobra currency.
Hail Cobra.
That's what the intelligence agencies are.
They run the narcotics, they run the snuff films,
they run the little kids, they run all of it
and they get caught running all of it
and it doesn't even matter
and they get caught running these guys
and I said, whoever these patsies are,
they're gonna kill them.
But they pumped, I don't know.
If you blow that video up where they're shooting,
it goes on for about 40 seconds
and there's a line of guns that looks like
it's about 50 yards long back through the trees.
You can see the flashes
and you can tell they're firing from drums,
they're firing from 30 around mags
and you can see some of the guns stopping for a second,
two seconds as they reload, firing, firing,
probably 60 rounds to 100 rounds per person into that boat
and folks, show the bullet-ridden boat.
Just type in bullet-ridden boat or the terrorist boat
and I mean, there are bullet holes from 308 and 223
every half inch of the entire boat.
Now, what was the mission there?
Did they go pump tear gas in and say,
come out with your hands up?
By the way, the witnesses say he didn't shoot at them
with his quote, carbine, he was hiding in there
and they pulled up and they unloaded
because they were told, kill him.
That's why they told the media,
you cover this, we're gonna kill you.
That's why they told citizens,
you come out of your house, you're dead.
All right, let me just do this.
Let me just take calls and when I start the next hour,
I'll do the timeline.
Because I actually wrote some notes on this
and it's just so frustrating.
But is anybody gonna call the FBI
on the big elephant in the room?
They lied for five years, not two and a half.
They knew who these guys were
and these guys clearly had fake identification
and were allowed to travel in and out under aliases.
I've interviewed the head of the US Embassy Visa section.
Springman, look it up.
Toronto Star was the first to break it in 2001
where they were ordered to let Mohammed Atta
and the other 14 hijackers from Saudi Arabia
back into the US, they were flagged as terrorists
and they said, we're not letting them in
and the State Department had the CIA call them
and say, those are our agents, our assets.
They're not terrorists, that's their cover.
And then we've got Lieutenant Colonel Butler,
the head of the Defense Language School at the time,
going to the newspaper and saying,
five of the hijackers were in my school,
Mohammed Atta and two others were in my class for a year.
Two semesters at the Defense Language School,
two years before 9-11, he knew Mohammed Atta,
he drank coffee with Mohammed Atta at the commissary
and had lunch with him.
Mohammed Atta sat two rows back
for two semesters and all the Colonel said is,
folks, the government was involved in this,
these guys are patsies.
Those hijackers on the news are US government trained.
Now that's San Jose Mercury News,
that's Associated Press.
If the media is listening before all the White House organs,
because look, I know you work for the White House,
the White House media matters and all the rest of you,
it's on record you do.
But most of you aren't real terrorists,
most of you aren't real criminal globalists.
You probably wouldn't hurt the neighbor's dog
if you were offered a million dollars.
But see, just denying all this doesn't make you not guilty.
When you sit here and go Alex the crazy,
says the government, ran the 9-11 hijackers,
I don't know what really happened
once they got on those airplanes.
All I know is there was a stand down ordered at NORAD
and whether it's 7-7, the London bombings,
whether it's the Madrid bombings on 3-3-3 in 2003,
whether it is 9-11, whether it is this event,
whether it is the bombings in Afghanistan
where the president comes out and says,
yeah, your government is staging these terror attacks
and runs Taliban and Al Qaeda.
Well, that all came out years ago.
They took, here's the toll free number,
800-259-9231, 800-259-9231.
They took, they took 11 to 14 year olds
and made them dig ditches around Kabul
and the other two or three big cities in Afghanistan
and then they, under Al Qaeda orders, put them out there
and then the US going in there with NATO
did not attack any of the bases, any of the cities.
And if you go back to the time that was in the news,
why aren't they targeting the leadership?
They went and put innocent conscripts in there
for a simulated attack
because Al Qaeda and Taliban worked for the US on record.
This all came out, it's called the airlift of evil
and they killed tens of thousands of children
that they gave AK-47s to fight Puff the Magic Dragon C-130s
and drones and the rest of it
and they blew them all up as a simulation.
They were just part of a simulation.
They were real, dying.
Then US troops go in, they're not part of the cover story,
they're just told what to do
and Taliban and Al Qaeda turned themselves in,
they're loaded on C-130s given chest of gold and weapons
and US colonels, one colonel in special forces went public,
the San Francisco Chronicle,
said we were ordered to fly 30 to 40,000 of them over the mountains
into Pakistan and give them weapons and gold.
They showed up, I give up.
Now give me gold.
Give me gold now and rocket launcher.
You want us to take out Pakistan so you have excuse to,
I'm giving a Russian accent, whatever.
We'll do it for you.
And we grow opium, yes.
See, a faction of the Taliban was real and had cut opium production
from 90% of world production in 2000 or 1999 to about 2001,
it was 9% of world opium production.
Within a couple of years, back to 93% of world opium production.
800-259-9231.
And let's launch the phone system for me, guys.
Thank you.
Now, that's a daily drill.
Now, continuing here, ladies and gentlemen,
I see the same story like Groundhog Day,
day after day, week after week, month after month, year after year,
and then it comes out, they've got aliases,
it comes out they're being protected,
it comes out they're bragging to people that they're hot shots,
they're driving around with their buddies in cars,
that says, toorista on the license plate.
I mean, this is rock star party time.
And their dad comes out and says they were being handled for five years
by intelligence groups.
And I said Monday, before all this happened,
I said if somebody asks you to be part of a drill,
invites you out to be part of a drill,
it doesn't matter if the drill is even announced,
they may blow stuff up and blame it on you.
Do not take a bag, do not be part of a drill.
That's what happened on 7-7.
That's what happened on the first World Trade Center attack in 1993.
It came out in the New York Times that the FBI cooked the bomb,
trained the driver, shut up the guys, gave them the detonator,
and some evidence shows they thought they were part of the drill.
We know the guy the FBI hired to cook the bomb was told it was a drill,
and he goes, well, I thought it was supposed to be a dummy bomb.
No, it's a real bomb.
Here's the materials.
Now here's the real detonator.
Okay, now tomorrow's the bombing, bust them.
No, we're going to pull you off the case now.
You're going to let the bombing go forward?
We're going to let them park it and then stop them.
And the CIA asset went, Ahmad Salam said,
I think you're trying to set me up.
I don't want to be part of this evil.
And they said, just do what you're told.
Do what you're told.
The transcripts came out in court.
Much of it got declared national security.
Do what you're told.
And you can imagine them telling the patsies,
do what you're told, drop off these bags.
You want more money for your girlfriends, don't you?
Mr. Hot Shot, Mr. Movie Star with your cool sunglasses?
And then once their cover got blown, the mission was kill them.
Kill them.
Execute them.
Get rid of them.
Let them go.
with e Foods Direct.
Be prepared before you need it.
With nutrient dense food, you can store for up to 25 years.
You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you.
Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best
storeable foods out there from e Foods Direct,
call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at
eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex,
and check out their spring specials.
Again, that number is 800-409-5633
or on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex.
dot com forward slash Alex, you can bet your life on e foods direct American gardeners
and fellow patriots make the right choice with your money time and your family food
supply. Choose 100% pure heirloom seeds in the survival seed vault from my patriotsupply.com
why spend more the survival seed vault from my patriotsupply.com is only 37 95. It includes
20 varieties of pure hardy easy to grow heirloom seeds. Yes, only 37 95. That's 70% less than
our competitors. You could buy three survival seed vaults for less than one of theirs. The
survival seed vault from my patriotsupply.com includes detailed planting and seed saving
instructions and ship same day plus all orders over $49 ship free my patriotsupply.com is
American owned by patriots like you passionate about freedom and preparedness call now 866-229-0927
that's 866-229-0927 or discover more emergency preparedness items when you order at my patriotsupply.com
choose the original choose the survival seed vault at my patriotsupply.com don't throw
away leftovers instead throw all your leftovers vegetable peels eggshells coffee grounds pizza
crusts and more into the Bokashi if you love to garden and compost but don't like the hassle
of turning a compost bin or the smell then check out the EM Bokashi food waste recycling
system from tereganics finally a way to recycle all your food and plant waste safely and effectively
and stop using fertilizers the EM Bokashi food waste recycling system rather than decomposition
the Bokashi system uses fermentation to break down waste so it takes less time to create
nutrient dense humus for crops or gardens with no turning and no obnoxious odors to
learn more and order your Bokashi online visit tereganics.com and click on the orange button
that's tereganics.com spelled t-e-r-a-g-a-n-i-x.com or call 866-369-3678 that's 866-369-3678
recycle all your food wastes in about six weeks with the Bokashi food waste recycling
system from tereganics.com tereganics life's getting better
day after day alone on a hill the man with the foolish grin is keeping perfectly still
but nobody wants to know him they can see that he's just a fool and he never gives an answer
ladies and gentlemen Alex Jones here back live I'm gonna open the phones up and take
your phone calls on this whole thing while we're busy distracted by the bombing and the
martial law rollout that is happening while all of that's going on what else is unfolding
CISPA that openly censors and tracks the internet and gets rid of the fourth amendment for an
electronic technotronic tyranny that's been rammed through the house ramming into the
Senate unprecedented evil open border promotion total legalization amnesty you name it 800
plus pages a bunch of other draconian garbage is going on while we're all distracted by
this and again babies are being aborted everywhere including babies that can be adopted but all
the media doesn't cry for them the media doesn't get sad for them it's only these three people
that are dead which they use as psychological trauma to scare everyone into going along
with this tyranny by the way we're almost sold out of the March issue of welcome to
planet hoax you want to buy it in bulk it exposes stage terror the fraud that they don't
want our guns are the fraud that they're not buying bullets and so much more if you want
the issue of the magazine in bulk at cost order it now at info war store dot-com or
by calling 888-253-3139 and also we've got all the water filters discounted the very
best water filters out there like propure with promo code water it's 10% off the already
lowest price at info war store dot-com we have all the pro second amendment t-shirts
you name it by the way something I haven't gotten to yet California gun confiscation
bill passes approves 24 million to expedite gun confiscation by the way that's not my
headline that's the Huffington Post they're very excited about the gun confiscation but
but nobody's coming for your guns so that's coming up also again the baby swimming and
fighting for its life in the toilet as I tried to basically cram it down the toilet they
got too lazy even shop the babies up and people are like you know we don't want to hear this
it's so horrible well hearing it how about doing it and then people in the YouTube video
I did about her like so what get out of a woman's life it's a nine-month-old baby there's
more people that want to adopt than actually there are abortions every year it's it'd be
better for the woman just to have the baby medically it increases women's chance of getting
cancer and I just sit there and I watch how how callous the so-called left is they're
not leftist they're authoritarians and they sit there and they make jokes about the dead
baby and they sit there and you know see all the baby was exercising in the toilet I saw
comments on info wars.com about get out of a woman's you know bedroom let the baby get
exercise in the toilet you know I bet you wouldn't have the nerve to sit there and shop
those babies up on that table like like hamburger or like barbecue I bet you wouldn't have the
nerve to throw that baby in the toilet and watch it struggle for its life and drowned
you're it's part of this disconnected decadence that's overtaken our country where the very
same people say ban eating meat because it's bad to animals and and they call it cruel
if someone butchers their own chicken they're so disconnected they I see PETA all the time
you know saying arrest people that butcher their own chickens or whatever for animal
cruelty see they think you're butchering a chicken because you're cruel not because you've
been raised to do it yourself so they care about animals but not about humans then of
course it's the environmentalists that have said kill babies up to age three for the earth
oh but they want us to turn our guns in and ban black powder now because of what happened
the Boston Marathon this is GCN the Genesis communications radio network you prepare by
purchasing gold food and firearms but if you don't have a home security system and you're
missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection when you're sleeping or
away from home who's watching out for intruders check out simply safe it's a new do-it-yourself
home security system that is completely wireless go to get simply safe calm simply safe is
independent and off the grid it runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down you're
protected it's completely customizable so you can use it in your home business boat
trailer storage unit or shed get simply safe calm simply safe is also ridiculously easy
to install yourself in under 20 minutes so there's no need to let a stranger into your
home if you move or need to relocate you can take the system with you wherever you go you
aren't always at home but simply safe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours
a day seven days a week again that's get simply safe calm waging war on corruption Alex Jones
on the GCN radio network big brother mainstream media government cover-ups you want answers
well so does he he's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network and now live from Austin Texas
Alex Jones one thing is certainly clear there is a massive cover-up going on surrounding
the bombings of last Monday and another thing sure politically they're going to use this
to try to ban black powder or restrict its purchase again somebody does something bad
so we all lose our rights that's called authoritarianism we don't punish the individual you punish
the group and one thing's also for sure they use this for a martial law takeover drill
absolutely disgusting and they first said they were shooting rubber bullets into the
boat but they were real bullets that's now admitted and so we're gonna be breaking all
of this down toll-free number to join us 800-259-9231 too bad for the anti-gun people that tried
to blame conservatives for this that was what they were going to go with report suspects
not licensed to own guns so I guess in that area you gotta have a bunch of licenses to
get them didn't stop them never stops anybody who's bad you could ban all the guns for citizens
today anybody could walk up to a cop with ball peen hammer beat their brains out it's
easy just bam ball peen hammer you're out hit them twice more in the temple they're
dead take the weapon that's why they hate veterans the globalist hate veterans because
veterans know how easy it is to kill and have the initiative they don't have the chicken
neck you know ideas about it man I tell you being a domesticated servile country now is
really painful but see there's a problem a bunch of us aren't servile a bunch of us aren't
brainwashed and cattle a bunch of us know what's going on does it matter if you get
51% to vote to take our guns or make us slaves again it isn't going to work Nick in Nevada
you're on the air welcome yes Alex first of all I just want to say that it is a truly
honor and a privilege to finally get through and to talk to you on air I've been waiting
a long time to be able to get this opportunity and I just want to say thank you please don't
thank me go go but what's the info well we are living in September 11, 2001 all over
again we're seeing senators and president being sent letters placed with chemicals we're
seeing suspicious packages left everywhere and all the the mind control and all the fear
mongering that they put on to people is all for the purpose of having the full control
over everybody and now we're seeing it on a larger scale with the takedown and the takeover
of Boston and the complete you know martial law and it's going to spread throughout the
entire country as they said they will have more stage events coming up and obviously
they're going to you know they have gone this far was to say that they can't go any further
and for anybody out there who thinks that the FBI does not set up these stage events
is out of their minds as the proof and the evidence is everywhere and as they've come
out and told us flat out you know to our faces and I remember also too a couple weeks ago
you mentioned how you know more people need to stand up and more people need to bring
awareness and talk about the new world order and to shed the light on to people and I just
want to say that I started my own podcast as well and if you wouldn't mind I like to
give that out onto your show and have more people open their eyes and that's distorted
reality dot podbean dot com and I'm doing the very best that I can locally here in Las
Vegas to spread out the word on the new world order on the chair listen I think it's good
that you're doing that and I always let people plug their shows here because my goal is to
do that but but if we all just plug on my show it only then it basically communicates
within the choir it is important to go out and proselytize critical thinking historical
research being aware of how things really work really it's not being a chump and being
street smart people need to be street smart that's what this show is really about not
being chumps understanding how the world really works you know getting informed about our
number one enemy the globalist that are staging events and provocateuring events that take
our liberties you need to go to churches you need to get on the radio locally you need
to start with an access tv show to point people at your alternative media system to grow that
so that everybody's reaching people outside of who we've already woken up but god bless
you I hear you and I appreciate your call yeah this broadcast is reaching conservatively
now 15 million people a week one way or another and last week it was more like let's let's
not exaggerate 50 million people we've had like 10 million extra youtube views just on
our youtube channel info wars has probably gotten 30 million extra visitors I had tried
everything I'd cut back the amount of food I was eating I was lifting weights and jogging
but nothing was working my body was literally starving for minerals and trace elements as
well as key vitamins and as soon as I had that I immediately could eat half of what
I was eating previously and be satisfied now there are hundreds of great products at info
wars team.com but I want to point out the three that have helped me lose 37 pounds in
just two months products like beyond tangy tangerine holland burst and rebound when I
started taking the tangy tangerine and other products every day I lost more than 37 pounds
in just two months now that's results I want to challenge my listeners to go to info wars
team.com and to order just three of their products and you will see the changes in the
way you look feel and in your appetite almost immediately start your journey to health and
wellness today info wars team.com now that we have moved into the winter season there
is an increased need to support our immunity and health at silver lungs we are committed
to meeting your needs by providing a full selection of silver based products our most
popular silver based products are the 32 ounce nano silver solutions our 2 ounce nano silver
nasal applicators as well as our all natural silver soaps just released is our 100% natural
silver gel our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents which quickly
evaporate and leave the silver at the surface but rather we have formulated our silver gel
using the natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish
the skin while delivering the silver more effectively visit www.silverlungs.com and
click on our store page to find what silver based products are best for you that's www.silverlungs.com
in the last two years alone the us has seen huge losses to our food supply in 2011 storms
and floods raged across the us costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone in 2012 we
saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years you may think out of sight
out of mind and so you don't think you will be affected the fact is you are we all are
food shortages drive prices up for everyone you might not be able to control mother nature
but you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply
with efoods direct be prepared before you need it with nutrient dense food you can store
for up to 25 years you can hope for the best but hope won't feed you do what i've done
and get your own supply of the best durable foods out there from efoods direct call 800
4095633 or visit them on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward slash alex and check out their spring
specials again that number is 800 4095633 or on the web at efoods direct.com forward
slash alex you can bet your life on efoods direct
big brother mainstream media government cover-ups you want answers well so does he he's alex
jones on the gcn radio network and now live from austin texas alex jones land of the cowards
home of the slaves that's what the globalists want us to be we are not land of the coward
home of the slave planet of the trendies creation of the stupids but you've got bomb threat
usa as drudge report calls it alabama three hospitals connecticut courthouse pennsylvania
shopping village iowa neighborhood florida office building man wearing camo shirt shuts
down philly visitors center camo has completely been in for two years uh it just goes on and
on drone industry invokes boston bombings in pr pitch oh yeah billions in drones billions
in robots billions in checkpoints billions in armored vehicles that's the type of stuff
we have up at infowars.com prison planet.com and i'm also covering what's at drudgereport.com
meanwhile worldnet daily reports americans are snapping by the millions i've been telling
you this road raging fighting divorce is way up suicide is way up uh yeah you put 20 of
the population on suicide pills serotonin reuptake inhibitors and other anti-psychotics
and other antidepressants they cause you statistically to commit suicide mass murder but the answer
is more people on drugs roughly 20 percent again of the u.s military it's come out as
on these drugs while in combat oh that's a good idea saudi national question after boston
bombing was on terror watch list that's right that's the big breaking news ladies and gentlemen
uh the saudi was on a terror watch list and reportedly had six members of his family in
saudi arabia on the saudi arabian terror watch list and we broke that first here in the united
states of america i broke that saturday on infowars.com and i broke it sunday with a
video that i put up and now it is at townhall.com that is the big glenn beck news was that he
was on a watch list and again that was in the foreign press friday i i didn't find it
till till saturday homeland security was dragging its feet over tamperland's u.s citizenship
application yeah i bet they were and now the keto institute the neo-con libertarian group
is spinning the bombing saying it's the reason to legalize illegals because they didn't come
across illegally but americans are committing suicide and society is falling apart because
we are in a deep depression and people basically have television sickness because all the general
public does is watch eight hours of tv a day young people it's even more the average adults
like five and a half six hours but that's what they put on surveys some surveys show
young people watch as much as 14 hours of tv and video games a day and so right now
they're having the perception of terrorists everywhere so i'm going to tell you again
we called there'd be a big public terrorist event in this country they try to blame on
the tea party then they said they had someone arrested from the right wing they were going
to roll them out uh the msnbc and cnn celebrated then the photos of all the other patsies and
the drill freaked them out so they shifted to these other patsies i believe who i predicted
would end up being u.s intelligence assets and now it turns out they had fake identification
traveling in and out representative mike rogers camerlin may have traveled to russia under
alias that's huffington post and now they're saying well yes he was able to get on with
a fake name it must have been a mistake um yeah you try getting on a plane the underwear
bomber was put on the plane by a u.s agent we broke that because we had uh kurt haskell
on first and he said yeah no i saw a sharp-dressed man get him on the plane without a passport
and later it came out in congress a u.s intelligence agencies ordered the state department to get
them on the plane and the state department had so much power that the the european airport
in amsterdam the dutch airport took the orders and put him on then a firecracker went off
in his pants so in land of the free home of the brave oh my gosh the scanners ordered
a year before that were going in the next week they said we just are going to put these
scanners in because of this which they already have been ordered for a year the whole thing
is scripted the whole thing is rolled out and now they said on on wednesday and thursday
on thursday here's their photos we don't know who they are here's the video we don't know
who they are and it turns out five years ago they knew who they were and it turns out they
were following them and it turns out they'd met with them two and a half years ago and
it turns out that the family said they were absolutely hooked in with the fbi well yeah
the fbi was just running a local investigation to cover up for their intelligence connection
just like 77 was run by a swat the mi6 officer and they set the patsies up and said it was
a drill what did i tell you monday before the bombs went off i said if anybody wants
you to be part of a drill carrying a simulated explosive don't be part of it i had family
in counterterrorism and and and of course this was a big public event at camp maybury and
i was invited a few years ago to go see them practice taking out terrorists in a simulated
bombing and i said are you kidding and they're like come on don't be paranoid it's been announced
it's public i'm not no no no no no no no no i'm not getting anywhere near one of these
drills and this is where the general public with a guy with a beard acting like he had
a bomb and the helicopters come in and stop him and all this stupid stuff you know oh
yes keeping us safe our government just like mohammed cars i said runs taliban and al-qaeda
and they run them in libya and syria and they just gave them 123 million dollars last friday
to al-qaeda in syria to offensively attack that government and those people and make
fathers suicide bomb or they kill their whole family and there are videos of men women and
children being thrown off roofs and having their heads chopped off god bless ran paul
right now you know he's been speaking out against the drones and everything else
and ran paul is now urging reid mcconnell to stall immigration reform after boston which
is amnesty so ran paul's taking action by the way we get ran paul back on i want you
guys go after ran paul just last time he last time they just called us and said we want
to have him on i want to get him on about all this and i want ron paul so please fire
political torpedoes of love and uh get them uh get them uh both on the show a pretty silly
joke i just told didn't it all right anyways um man i tell you this is just so ridiculous
we got wayne madsen our award-winning journalist and formerly the national security agency
uh joining us to give us his take at the bottom of the hour then joel scousin of world affairs
brief who day one said has all the signs of false flag he's going to be on everyone i
respect like joel scousin and uh people like uh i mean there's so many uh folks out there
saying it has all the signs of false flag but steve pacinik uh you name it or saying
this thing stinks to high heaven and uh again why is it always people being intelligence
handled lee harvey oswald tim mcveigh it's the same formula have people that are part
of your operation even if they get caught you just say they're double agents and that's
what the israelis are saying oh you know these guys were sent over under fake ids by the
way they said this before it was in the news and there obviously were to infiltrate muslim
extremist groups uh in the caucuses a caucus mountain region but the israelis didn't point
out the west is funding the leader of that group the uh chechnya bin laden as he's known
a billion bucks or more has been sent to these guys uh same old story like they created al-qaeda
to fight the russians and so so a group created by our government as usual is radicalized
and somehow brainwashed and now they're saying there's a group of 12 guys in a sleeper cell
that they're hunting for who help these guys but the rest of the media is like no no no
it's a lone guy because the 12 guys are the handlers and again they follow an exact paradigm
an exact program an exact operation people say alex couldn't there be some real terror
absolutely absolutely uh easter bunnies may exist i've never seen one i don't think they
exist but i cannot definitively prove that there are not easter bunnies living in america
i cannot prove that leprechauns aren't real i cannot prove that santa claus is not real
uh now now look are there in some cases in israel real people that blow stuff up are
real people that actually go on a bus and stab folks yes but nine times out of ten the
israeli intelligence services haraats jerusalem posts have all reported create fake al-qaeda
to then bomb themselves when they don't want to have a peace process or something type
in israel created fake al-qaeda you'll get mainstream news type in israel created hamash
in 1973 now again i'm not saying that's how you control the opposition is you don't like
hezbollah iranian run a real terror group that's really attacking you you create hezbollah that
then fights for political control and acts like terrorists to then take up all the resistance
that iran is picking up on to then mop up everybody and then spy on your resistance
and then if you politically need to get elected or something just blow something up and blame
on your political enemy there it is israel faked al-qaeda presence that's a bbc and that's
a whitewash itself here here here let me just show new viewers and radio listeners radio
listeners can just search whatever i say whatever i say and then you can find it for yourself
just type in mi6 agent seven seven bombings and you'll get fox news democratic underground
infowars.com bbc daily mail where the head of the bombings is and was mi6 and is protected
and what did he do he set up six guys with backpacks who thought they were part of a
drill and blew them sky high in the last two years alone the us has seen huge losses to
our food supply in 2011 storms and floods raged across the us costing us 20 billion
in lost crops alone in 2012 we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years
you may think out of sight out of mind and so you don't think you will be affected the
fact is you are we all are food shortages drive prices up for everyone you might not
be able to control mother nature but you can control your food prices by freezing the cost
and availability of your food supply with e foods direct be prepared before you need
it with nutrient-dense food you can store for up to 25 years you can hope for the best
but hope won't feed you do what i've done and get your own supply of the best durable
foods out there from e foods direct call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at e foods direct
dot com forward slash alex and check out their spring specials again that number is 800-409-5633
or on the web at e foods direct dot com forward slash alex you can bet your life on e foods
direct it's time for a home security quiz what effective home security device is smaller
than a coffee cup fakes out burglars into thinking someone is home at your house while
you're away plugs into any wall outlet is recommended by many police departments and
sells for less than $30 yes it's fake tv this year about one in every 50 us homes will have
a break-in with burglars usually picking the easy target a dark house that looks like no
one is home fake tv is a small electronic security device that makes it look like someone
is home watching tv by simulating the light from a real tv fake tv could be the difference
between coming home to a secure house or one that's been ransacked to get your fake tv
for only $29.95 with free shipping go to fake tv dot com or call 1-877-5FAKETV that's 877-532-5388
or go to fake tv dot com fake tv the burglar deterrent hempusa.org has a revolutionary
wonder food for detoxing the body and rebuilding the immune system micro plant powder can help
unclog arteries and soften heart valves while removing heavy metals virus fungus bacteria
and parasites plus it cleans and purifies the blood lungs stomach and colon keep your
body clean with micro plant powder order today at 888-910-4367 or visit hempusa.org hi this
is ted anderson have you ever wondered why banks stockbrokers investment advisors won't
talk about gold iras they've been available since 1986 yet the financial industry won't
recognize the value of gold for your retirement gold is outperformed paper investments yet
no word about iras if you would like to have gold for your retirement call 800-686-2237
don't get left behind by rising inflation and low returns call 800-686-2237 secure your
future and call 1-800-686-2237 hello this is ty bowlinger author of the best-selling
book cancer step outside the box i want you to know some very important information in
1985 president ronald reagan requested that carnivore be sent directly to the white house
at a time when only the president could obtain this world-class healer now 27 years later
carnivore capsules are used around the world to keep people healthy now you can protect
yourself and your loved ones in this age of superbugs with 17 naturally occurring compounds
that instinctively respond to abnormal cells only without harming a single normal cell
if you want to stay healthy now's your chance to literally wake up your critical immune
cells to attack harmful invaders that don't belong in your body call 1-866-VenusFly or
order from carnivora.com that's c-a-r-n-i-v-o-r-a.com that's 1-866-836-8735 1-866-VenusFly or visit
carnivora.com protect your immune system it's the only one you've got
we're going to go back to your calls but we know these guys were handled by the government
they were clearly allowed to travel in and out of the country with aliases this is not
the fbi dropping the ball this is the fbi covering up for the cia and others here's
some of the articles up at infowars.com that we're going to be talking about with wayne
madsen mother of suspects says bomber again mother of suspects says bombers mother of
suspect bombers claims fbi called eldest son after bombing before fatal shootout and come
you know come in with us we're gonna get you a lawyer bud and then you see him putting
him in the car naked and the next year he dies in a shootout and then his brother runs
him over and then witnesses we have the videos and news reports up saying no they ran over
him and then pumped him full of bullets mother of suspected bombers claims fbi called eldest
son after bombing before fatal shootout and then you've got them pumping hundreds of rounds
saying they were rubber bullets over the radio they were not rubber bullets they shot holes
right through the boat now you've got cops lining up and then like a firing squad and
trying to shoot up the vehicle the uh the boat and then they he climbs out and is okay
or at least can climb out and then minutes later they're doing a tracheotomy it looks
like and now he's sedated but talking to police oh that's great kind of like the aurora shooter
supposedly it was on seven psychotropics and in a darpa program and now they admit they
drug him with sodium pentothal to admit he's guilty i mean ladies and gentlemen that's
what north koreans do is grab you and drug you and then or or north vietnamese i mean
that's that's that's mind control but see how they just hey we got the bad guy shut
up this is our city this is boston everybody buys into the hype when nothing you've been
told is true ladies and gentlemen and you've got saudi arabians on watch list crawling
all over this let's just ignore that you've got the media saying we have somebody arrested
looks like it's going to be a right-winger and then that all gets flushed after they
evacuate evacuate evacuate evacuate the courthouse and you've got all these operatives and a
drill oh and by the way i forgot that article it's somewhere in my stack will you guys reprint
me the article from 2008 where they had a dry run drill a dry run drill at the boston
marathon boston globe reported and although we haven't even covered that yet i mentioned
it yesterday congress exploits our fears to take our liberty ron paul article up at mfallwars.com
the brother's aunt claims naked man in video is tammerlin and man it shows the video if
it isn't him it's his uh naked oh they call him up hey how'd the operation go yeah we're
not sure who did it and then boom it's in the news shocking footage americans ordered
out of homes at gunpoint by swat teams well who needs due process martial law is good
everybody got a big dose of it at katrina and here now 17 unanswered questions about
the boston bombing the media is afraid to ask video and audio of firefight captured
claim boston bomber's last message on facebook to his father i have never done it they set
me up the world of synthetic manufactured terrorism that's all what's up on the site
let's jam in a call right now uh let's go to bob in michigan bob you're on the air welcome
hello yep hey alex thanks for the uh taking the phone call um you're right uh i was kind
of surprised um you know i don't listen to you all the time uh but when i see something
and and to be honest with you i really didn't watch the news that much either because i
know it's just a bunch of propaganda but i did hear them talk about shooting the rubber
bullets and when this guy was in the boat and what kills me about this is for an average
rational thinking person to sit and listen to that where you have somebody in a boat
if anybody owns a boat especially the size of that boat what are rubber bullets going
to do and and where are they getting the angle to hit this guy no no they were saying it
and i heard it over the scanner to to confuse the media and this was hours after hour and
45 minutes after they'd already shot him up and they watched him crawl around they watch
his heat you know resonance there then they say get out and but see their problem was
the media ended up with telephoto lenses getting a shot and you can hear the cops going oh
no the media's got a shot because again they had a mission to kill him that's why they
said stay in your house don't come out because they had why do you what do you think's going
on here bob you know it's they i what i find happening see i have a i have a mother-in-law
that's like 75 years old and what i find is what the news does i was over at her house
helping her out over the weekend and she talks about all the stuff that's on the news and
i'm telling you it's the old people that they really scare but oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah we're
on the march the empire's on the run alex jones and the gcn radio network devastating
events like earthquakes tornadoes floods hurricanes or the threat of martial law have highlighted
the need for americans to prepare for emergencies as a result millions are stockpiling food
gold and weapons but how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes
ill supernatural silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency supernatural
silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria viruses moles and
fungus and is remarkable for wound care taken internally or used topically it can help keep
you safe from deadly pathogens supernatural silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term
shelf life making it the number one choice of preppers across the country to find out
how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared go to supernatural silver.com
use the promo code prepared for 20 off your entire order and like us on facebook if you
want an american company with american products made by americans here it is the cal band
soap company alex's staff have been using these all-natural earth-friendly pure soaps
for years and they are the best see them on the web at www.5starsoap.com or call 1-800-340-7091
for a catalog then order the sampler one to two month supply you will be getting soap
products twice as good as what you are using now at a great price and supporting an american
company in the process earth-friendly and all american their soaps are made from vegetable
and coconut oils call 1-800-340-7091 or visit www.5starsoap.com cal band pure soap company
can save you thousands of dollars and give you good old-fashioned real soaps that are
triple concentrated see it on the web www.5starsoap.com or call 1-800-340-7091 for a catalog alex
jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers the prognosis for the entire planetary
economic system runs from bad to worse the globalist model is to shut down societies
and starve patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover that's why we've assembled
the most vital and important preparedness items at info wars shop.com these are items
that i did research on that i personally use you've got the life straw so you can turn
fetid water into safe water anywhere you go the ktor hand crank generator to charge up
key equipment during power outages are out in the field strategic relocation third edition
by joel scousum when disaster strikes by matthew stein therosafe used by homeland security
to protect yourself during any radiological event hand crank shortwave amfm radios everything
that we've researched and found to be the best is available at info war shop.com and
your purchase makes our info war possible we're getting prepared are you info wars shop.com
we now take you live to the central texas command center in the heart of the resistance
you're listening to the alex jones show
i am your host alex jones we're now
halfway into this monday transmission on the 22nd day of april 2013 we're going to be talking
to wayne madsen of wayne madsen report here in just a moment as the news comes out it
turns out the fbi had been all over these two youth for five years had sent them into
the caucuses it appears through the cia to infiltrate groups and that's the picture that
is now emerging and that the fbi called them before and after the bombing the mother is
now saying and when you've got parents immediately saying they were set up by security services
the government was all over my kids they either let them do this or they're handling them
and they thought they were part of a drill and either or or didn't plant bombs and then
you've got the government in damage control with a bunch of saudi arabians you've got
all of this going on and so we're gonna be getting a wayne madsen's take on that right
now but this fits the exact same cut out we've seen over and over again before we go any
further don't forget that you can see info wars nightly news every night at seven o'clock
central standard time as well as see the live video feed of the three-hour live radio show
that you're listening to right now by subscribing to prison planet dot tv and why do we call
it prison planet because by using these events they are training us that when the government
says everyone stay in your house you have to or when the government says they're going
to put checkpoints on the highway you have to the great threat is tyranny not statistically
terrorism whether it's real or not and again 200 plus people die a year from honeybee stings
according to world almanac less than 50 die a year from terrorism but they high put up
like it's the end of the world same thing with mass shootings less than 100 people die
a year from mass shootings more than half of those are gang related less than 40 people
that are actually in mass shootings that are innocents and not groups killing each other
and they try to use that to then guilt all of us and make all of us suspects and that's
what this is getting us to cheer our own servitude so now more than ever it is essential to support
info wars dot com spread the word about the site if you're watching us or seeing us on
youtube later become a subscriber one membership is 595 a month and one membership can be used
by 11 people simultaneously with the same username and passcode so create a unique username
and passcode that you can share an original username passcode and give it to friends and
family way more than 11 can use it that's simultaneously that can log in see the films
read the books see all the documentaries the expanded extras most of it in hd and it can't
be censored like youtube and others are censoring us at least it's harder for the system to
do that so again you're supporting the very tip of the spear in real media when you subscribe
subscribe today it's 10 years up and running prison planet dot tv or info wars news dot
com and then give it as an e-gift to friends and family say check this out here it is and
kurt nemo's got a big article coming out soon with a whole boil down uh with their intelligence
connections and and that ties in with steve watson's article mother of suspected bomber
claims fbi called eldest son after bombing before fatal shootout british media report
claims fbi spoke with tammerlin and said they knew he'd carried out the bombing and that
is being reported by channel 4 news in britain yeah when the mother instantly said intelligence
services they would not leave my son alone and these guys are playboying around and traveling
in dejika stan and all these places and hanging out with groups funded by the cia i mean this
is incredible this is absolutely incredible uh and again you can also find that article
at planet info wars dot com if you guys punch up my screen i'll actually show viewers right
here yeah info wars dot com and you click on the top link mother of suspected bombers
claims fbi called eldest sons after bombing before fatal shootout now remember the whole
family everything the family said the family said thursday early thursday morning hours
i guess it was already friday morning they said that you know this my son is set up these
are not arch you know you know they didn't do this they've been harassed for five years
by the fbi this is intelligence services setting them up and then it comes out for five years
they've been doing this and two and a half years ago they met with them again when the
russians wanted it on record that hey we know these guys work for you so the fbi had to
act like they were doing something and now here's the big issue we have the fbi when
they knew full well who they were and if we confirm they were talking to them on the phone
we've got them in the middle of the drills and all the other suspects we're getting wayne
madsen's expert take on this in about one minute they were on the news saying we don't
know who they are help us learn who they are when they knew full well who they were it's
been confirmed they knew who they were and they had a press conference and said thursday
night here they are this is the only person you look at and they're now in the washington
post and a bunch of other publications saying the alternative media almost screwed up our
investigation they shouldn't have access to photos and videos from surveillance cameras
or the public's info in the future great you're going to put cameras up everywhere and still
blow stuff up and blame patsies and then say we shouldn't have access to it because we're
bad it was citizens that found your patsy after your lockdown was lifted you couldn't
find him to killing and just like you did the brother and so you lifted it going okay
let the slaves find it but then the media could then move the media you'd threatened
to kill so they got a bird's eye view so you couldn't finish the killing now you're drugging
him up out of his mind to confess he did it just like the so-called aurora shooter now
wayne madsen has worked at the national security agency before that he was in uh submarine
warfare and if you watch c-span you always see him there in national security meetings
in the press gallery and he works at the there in dc there's a lot of intel at the national
press club i have found wayne madsen's intel to be so devastatingly accurate that i just
don't think we we we we blow trumpets when he comes on he deserves a drum roll he travels
all over the place to cover these events uh he he has impeccable sources in a climate
where they're arresting whistleblowers and media people left and right and he has a lot
of courage and wayne madsen report.com is his website wayne i don't know your take on
this yet uh i so all of us will now get your take on it here today but am i wrong in saying
there's a cover-up a and this has the classic signs of another uh provocateur patsy event
wayne madsen oh you're absolutely right it actually gets deeper than uh just what's happened
over the last uh week or so you go back to 1994 when um the russians and chechens fought
this uh very big uh civil war very deadly civil war the u.s began recruiting chechens
with the idea that we would uh support chechnya's independence from russia and uh things didn't
go too well because many of these chechens eventually uh were wahabi eyes by the saudis
and became uh these uh jihadis and and and eventually they wound up fighting us in afghanistan
and iraq and they're fighting in syria right now on behalf of the rebels who of course
were uh supporting and and historically this is the one most warlike areas of the world
these people all are tough as nails yeah uh well when things got bad after some deadly
uh terrorist attacks by chechen uh terrorists in russia a movie theater in moscow a high
speed train between moscow and saint petersburg uh moscow airport and several others metro
stations in moscow the russians really cracked down so uh what we started to see is the cia
started bringing over a whole bunch of uh refuge political aside many of these people
i call them a professional uh refugees including the sarnia family the sarnia family uh the
the young boy first came over here in 002 uh apparently got his uh residency as asylum
by the way i'll just say it off a gut feeling the dad looks like a classic intelligence
operative he just screams james bond type what do you say well yeah and i'll get to
uncle ruslan later when it comes to that but uh he uh the uh johar got this uh asylum in
arlington virginia well we know what is headquartered in arlington virginia every defense and intelligence
agency you can imagine that was an o-1 then the older brother comes over but what i've
discovered is that boston and the washington dc area are the two centers for chechen refugees
many of whom who got political asylum in the united states in the case of boston that's
a very tight-knit group uh one of their ex or their kind of unofficial leaders is a former
quote unquote foreign minister of independent chechnya uh elias akhmadov now when he first
applied for citizenship uh the department of homeland security and the justice department
said no we have we have information that links into terrorist attacks in russia so we're
not going to give asylum to a terrorist well who weighs in now you've heard over the last
couple of days who's been arguing that this kid johar should be tried in a military commission
he should have his citizenship taken away which was granted last year on september 11th
uh who's been arguing this but john mccain john mccain and his good friend there lindsey
uh miss lindsey from south carolina yeah miss miss uh miss lindsey because they don't want
this info getting out exactly so how do you suppress evidence you do it through a military
commission you get these guys uh waylaid to get mo and then and then you know nobody's
going to hear all the details well what about the fact that the mother says and it looks
like that it is the older son tamarind on the video and then now the witnesses are saying
they ran him over with a car and then shot him up full of holes and then they tried to
kill the other one they want these guys dead well when i saw him laying on a slab in the
morgue i could only think of uh uh kusay and uday hussein you know saddam hussein's sons
who we laid out on a slab slab and we broadcast those photos gruesome photos around the world
but john mccain was one of the people who argued for uh giving political asylum to uh
ilius aqua dob this guy who had been who the justice department homeland security said
no they eventually overruled it uh he had a high high-priced lawyer in new york arguing
just like the cia ordered the jeddah saudi arabian embassy to let the uh 15 hijackers
back in even though they were flagged as terrorists they told them these guys are really cia exactly
so so we have all these chechens coalescing around boston and washington and and who who
takes on the chechen cause well every neo-con who you can think of uh people like james
woolsey the former cia director madeline albright uh a good old mccain uh they even got tate
kennedy because the law firm who represented this guy aqua dob uh sergeant shriver kennedy's
brother-in-law was um a partner a senior partner now i understand you're giving us all the
connections bottom line what do you think really happened here because they were getting
ready to blame it on the tea party they said we have somebody arrested they were going
to be at the at the courthouse then they shut that down they acted very panicked don't look
at these other photos the fbi said that's word for word only look at these now the mother
says they were calling them before and after the bombing and then right before the fatal
shootout uh what is your inside intel on capitol hill they needed another dramatic uh not as
big as 9 11 but they needed something to spur on the passage of this cispa act i call this
the patriot act for the internet this is going to give the law enforcement intelligence carte
launch access to everybody's interaction with anything electronic and to plant stuff on
you more important to plant stuff on you yeah and then we had the ricin attack instead of
anthrax that was the same playbook stuff sent to congress to the white house so it's a cia
playbook or uh who would you say is involved i you know i i don't i can't even say it's
a cia's playbook anymore i think it's the it's the same people if you look at the people
that back these chechen refugees in boston and dc it's his project for the new american
century crowd it's a neo-con operation neo-con operation they never went away uh as a matter
of fact they're still in the obama administration they were consulted by the obama yeah i was
looking one company uh is set to get 10 billion dollars off this cispa thing spying on us
we're talking about a hundred billion over the next five years spying on us so they're
also going to charge us to read our mail oh absolutely and then you got all these other
little things that play like charging people who enter the united states on over land borders
a fee as they do with airports right now and seaports uh so you know there's a lot of people
who have their hands out they're looking at making some money here contractors dhs what
about the operation itself i mean clearly i believe the operation idea so you have these
like uh security private security contractors there this craft international uh that was
headed up by this guy kyle who who was shot back in on on groundhog day february 2nd by
his colleague uh they said suffered from pts and by the way now they're trying to claim
those are national guard there were some national guard dressed the same but there are people
wearing craft hats there as well you can tell the difference between that national guard
were wearing the camouflage uh uniforms and the and the craft guys were wearing these
khaki pants and these vests when they just used as well as the smoke screen so there's
so many black backpacks cops would never be able to stop the real guys well either they
either the backpacks were uh diversionary or one of their backpacks contained some of
the explosive devices uh you know it's hard to say but we do know that there was a bomb
drill going and once again here's a drill taking place there's always a it's always
a drill why do they run the exact same playbook over and over again because it works it works
it works and they already know the media the corporate media is in their pocket and they're
not going to ask any questions well a few british papers are you know and i guess in
russia some media in russia's uh taking a close look at that not accepting everything
that's coming out from the the corporate wires and over the corporate networks but but they
know they can get away with it they've gotten away with it so many times in the past oh
you know why why why uh fix something if it ain't broke you know that's the way they're
looking at it so they're going to use the same thing they'll change it they have to
change it you know anthrax to ricin you know that no more build uh buildings being taken
down by uh controlled demolitions uh and blaming it on airplanes sure let me ask you this do
you think it's accurate to say that this thing unraveled spectacularly and they're now you
know what is it the fbi doesn't want us to look at in all the other photos and videos
that they're so scared of well i i think what they don't want anybody to know is that as
you as being reported you just mentioned that the fbi had contacts with at least the older
guy uh tamarlin uh sarnia and the other thing we got to look at uncle ruslan when i first
saw the the news crews out of washington up in montgomery village maryland we know that
the sarnia's father over in dogistan apparently was an auto mechanic when he lived in massachusetts
well you know he obviously didn't make a lot of money but you look at that guy's house
uncle ruslan in montgomery village i i know that area that area you they're expensive
homes there's six hundred thousand dollar homes up there the uncle the dad all of them
come off like extremely smooth operators like if i saw one of those guys walking down the
street i've learned how to recognize them i'd go that's a real intelligence operative
not one of the fake ones and and let me tell you the dad immediately said it's intelligence
services and looks mad and says my sons have been set up and he comes off very authoritative
and they were saying this instantly because i guarantee you being connected to the chechens
and the state department bringing them over here these people the whole family's probably
operatives well they also said that the family may have lived in kazakhstan for a while now
uncle ruslan it turns out he's a graduate of duke law school he's a lawyer he's worked
for arthur anderson and he also now works he works in the big oil business he works
for big oil and for kazakhstan a big producer and exporter of oil and and the companies
with now is big sky uh big sky energy and they're a holding company oddly enough big
sky corporation is out of calgary in canada but the holding company is located where little
rock arkansas now that it rang a bell with me because i wait a minute who who what former
president is in tight with the kazakhstan government and has been accused of help covering
up all the you know illegal bribes being paid to uh... by western companies to the dictator
over there mister nazar bayev but but bill clinton and here we have this big energy company
that does all its business in kazakhstan relocated its headquarters to little rock of all places
where the clinton foundation is located the clinton foundation has been getting big donations
from where kazakhstan you know exactly so they're helping out yeah why does the fbi
not want to go they don't want to look at any further cuz you know what the fbi is law
enforcement for the wealthy in this country that's right there there i don't even think
the fbi is involved in the attack so much as and because this looks more like an intelligence
off the fbi will just get patsy's and then bust them before they do it usually unless
it's the first world trade center attack with these intelligence agencies though they'll
have the multiple groups there as as fallbacks now what about the saudi arabian connection
because it has been confirmed the white house is involved in a cover-up it turns out this
guy's got a bunch of family on terror watch list or is this just a rabbit trail it could
be but look we have to look at the saudis because they have been very active in chechnya
and radicalizing the chechen muslim population and so if if anyone may have been involved
in radicalizing old tamarind there it may have been the saudi groups so we can't let
them off the hook but we we also the the other thing i i want to point out here is is that
this whole uh a chechen operation may be an attempt also to embarrass vladimir putin
because we know that the russians asked us for information on tamarind and and the fbi
said well we asked them why give us more information well putin is not dumb enough well they said
we think you may be connected to these events but but i want you to finish your point but
isn't that how the russians tend to blow somebody's cover is open a public file on them right
and the russians aren't dumb enough to you know when when the fbi said well give us more
information give us more information they're not going to give away their sources either
because if we get their sources the fbi of course is going to pursue them well i looked
it up you've got a billion dollars in the last 15 years or so going into those stands
to to actually bring the wahabi astin and train them uh i mean i mean the problem is
saudi arabia and the globalist and now look at how the u.s is using saudi arabia to put
al-qaeda and libya and syria and i predict they're going to shoot down jet airliners
with heat-seeking missiles and then and then take our rights when our government gave it
to them and then we had the national security foreign affairs advisor to netanyahu on stating
it's according to herar it's israeli newspapers that he said this boston marathon bombing
is good for israel well that's just like what netanyahu said after 9 11 he said it on fox
news this is very good for it you know everybody everybody's winning out with these terrorist
attacks against the united states except the american people we are being played for chumps
everybody's making a killing from from saudi arabia to israel to to these mujahideen rebels
that are fighting in syria and fought qaddafi the only people are getting messed over here
is us because we're the ones sure we're the people that getting the legs blown off and
having our kids killed in in boston and everywhere record suicide of the troops that nobody wants
to humanize or personalize uh what do you make what do you make of aqmed uh you know
dennis eating the things he's up to how does how does hezbollah tie into this because we
know that's a real group actually run by iran what do you expect them to do will the media
try to blame them somehow yeah i'll try uh yeah but look i'm a dean of joc condemned
this i did the uh the ayatollah haman a he they condemned this and he said while we condemn
this act of violence you know hey how about looking at some of the other acts of violence
the united states is involved in sponsoring around the world sure so let's shift gears
now to the president of um afghanistan mohammed karzai that's a big deal that he came out
and said the west runs al-qaeda and taliban and is staging bombings as a pretext for a
police state uh what does that signify i wondered he wake up and start smelling the afghan coffee
you know i mean he he of all people should know about the our links with the uh al-qaeda
and the taliban because he when he was in exile he was sitting there in pakistan and
here in this country and witnessing those connections so you know i'm glad he's come
out and said it um but uh you know let's see how long he remains in power my feeling is
that karzai is you know some people's patience is wearing thin with this guy and you know
we do know that when the soviets controlled afghanistan you know a lot of afghan leaders
would wind up with bullets in their head and you know being strung up uh in the central
square of kabul uh let's see how long it takes for uh our our guys to get around to you know
taking care of mr karzai just like i did pat tillman yeah exactly let me ask you this look
how long can can the globalists openly run al-qaeda while i mean publicly running al-qaeda
like the war on drugs publicly they run the drugs and that's public congressional hearings
studies ci solicitor general in 96 how long can they do this where they run the terrorists
publicly and then take our liberties using the terrorists to threaten us that they run
i mean how long can this go on isn't it beginning to wear thin and people know about it well
look we gotta have people back in congress like we had back in the in the 70s that had
the gumption to stand up and ask these questions uh you know we had the senator frank church
that went after the cia we had congresswoman bella abzug and congressman notice pike from
new york both of them were from new york we had people in congress that asked the tough
questions and look even even in the case of let me check ins into the country back back
when uh there was uh this opposition uh to let this aqueduct and these captions in two
members of the congress of the house voiced their objections they got overruled one was
jim sense and brenner who was the chairman of the house judiciary committee and one of
his subcommittee chairs john hostetter from indiana now i i think we should revisit both
sense and brenner and hostetter and say what what possessed you to say no to giving these
chechen's asylum and who why did you say we shouldn't why were you supporting initially
the justice department's refusal to let them in uh and i i think uh i think sense and brenner
is still around i don't think the other guy is hostetter but they must have had information
that led them to believe both of them republicans by the way and and this was the this was the
bush administration they were you know they were fighting stay there do five more minutes
i want to ask you about the elephant in the room when we come back the most important
point in this whole cover-up you are listening to gcn visit gcnlive.com today you prepare
by purchasing gold food and firearms but if you don't have a home security system and
you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection when you're sleeping or
away from home who's watching out for intruders check out simply safe it's a new do-it-yourself
home security system that is completely wireless go to getsimplysafe.com simply safe is independent
and off the grid it runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down you are protected
it's completely customizable so you can use it in your home business boat trailer storage
unit or shed getsimplysafe.com simply safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself
in under 20 minutes so there's no need to let a stranger into your home if you move
or need to relocate you can take the system with you wherever you go you aren't always
at home but simply safe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day seven days a
week again that's getsimplysafe.com waging war on corruption alex jones on the gcn radio
network
big brother mainstream media government cover-ups you want answers well so does he he's alex
jones on the gcn radio network and now live from austin texas alex jones well we haven't
really talked about what they're ramming through while the public is smoke-screened with this
bombing we're going to do that in the next segment and then i promise i'll get to julio
and dc and dave and bradley and terry and everybody else that is patiently holding going
back to wayne madsen i've been throwing a lot of points here as we cover all the bases
and all the angles uh here's the big elephant in the room they said they didn't know them
put their photos out and now it turns out they've been all around them for five years
the family saying it's intelligence agency setting them up the family again looks pretty
well informed to say the least looking at these people and their body language and the
things they say they're smooth operators and you know is there any probability that they
could be double triple agents like the israelis are saying that turned against the west and
did a real bombing yeah maybe one in what a hundred one and two hundred or or do you
disagree with that but what about the fact that we know they knew them for five years
not just two and a half and the mother says they were calling him right after the bombing
and right before the shootout and they're acting like there's a cover-up don't we have
them when the fbi is saying here are these photos who is this when it was well known
to the fbi doesn't that prove right there uh and and they were patsies why didn't they
go after him day one i think they were fallback patsies they were going to blame the tea party
on this wayne madsen well i'll tell you i you know what i i i i i'm reminded of uh muhammad
ata you know he was seen at maxwell air force base where they knew him as lieutenant colonel
ata the egyptian air force he was involved in being a drug mule as well he was involved
with unsavory people he was on jack abramoff's casino boats a couple days before 9 11 and
he was clearly working for our intelligence operations so i you know hey uh tamarlin sarnia
meet muhammad ata it's just another one of these i think you're right he's sarnia the
older one was it was a patsy you know i'm beginning to think the the younger one johar
was just you know tagging along with big brother and you know he had other really had other
interests but you know he had bb guns with him i mean it was yeah you know i mean this
guy this this kid was just tagging along with big brother we obviously must have looked
up to yeah they wanted the big brother dead that's who they ran over and and and shot
the street and lied about yeah yeah but the fact that the fbi we know from the russian
government that we at least know that they were contacted uh fbi was contacted by the
russian government about this guy and they uh you know they just left it off now why did not
president obama call bob muller the head the fbi director into the oval office and said you guys
screwed up here i want i want your letter of resignation on my desk by this afternoon because
obama holds no one accountable he's never held one person in his administration accountable
that's a real flaw in his leadership i agree bottom line bengazi uh giving the al-qaeda 10,000
heat-seeking missiles what's the point of that what's at the bottom of bengazi oh well here we
go again the u.s being found to support the mujahideen we had you know there were chechens
fighting in libya as well and and now some of the libyans are all fighting in syria we're keeping
this conflict this it's called the um strategy of tension strategy attention clash of civilizations
these are all neo-con terms we got to keep that going because there's no more you know communist
block now there's this terrorist axis of evil nonsense and they got to keep it alive and i think
why they pulled off the marathon bombing is look they started letting people go on airplanes now
with some you know pocket knives yeah they did this to sell 100 billion dollars in robots and
robots and armored vehicles and yeah and and train that was marshall law in boston they're
training us to accept that oh oh by the way uh the front page of the lebanese english language
newspaper the daily start i i'm going to try to get this photo out but there's the other day they
ran a photo when they were going door to door and pulling people out of their homes in watertown
massachusetts there is a picture of a police officer with a gun drawn on a lady who has her
hands up as she's coming out of her home i don't know if you've seen his phone oh no we have video
we have video up at info wars dot com wayne madsen i want to get you on for a full hour in
the next week uh to really break down the whole geopolitical uh wayne madsen report dot com thank
you so much wayne madsen you bet all right there he goes we're going to get an update on cispa
then your phone calls then joel scousen introducing pro one all of your filtration
in one system portable on the go no more do you have two or three filters to just reduce
sodium fluoride you have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95 percent of
hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white
ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all
in one filter element it is the only one that does it and out of the gates we have it discounted at
10 off with promo code water this is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove
pesticides herbicides chloramines ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid the most common
form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate
get your pro pure with the new pro one filters today at info war store dot com or by calling
888-253-3139 you may be arrested and or subject to other police action tyranny is here the grim
future foretold in 1984 has become reality it really says that the state is god the united
states is now recognized globally as one of the most oppressive police states on earth this film
conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of fema camps now being expanded nationwide
this documentary exposes how the continuity of government program has established an all-powerful
shadow state police state four chronicles the sickening depths to which our republic has fallen
prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship body scanners sound cameras citizen
spies stage terror and cameras on every street corner it's only the beginning of the new world
orders hellish plan the police state isn't coming it's here secure your copy today at info wars dot
com or see it online in the highest quality at prison planet dot tv in the last two years alone
the us has seen huge losses to our food supply in 2011 storms and floods raged across the us
costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone in 2012 we saw the largest drought in the country in more
than 50 years you may think out of sight out of mind and so you don't think you will be affected
the fact is you are we all are food shortages drive prices up for everyone you might not be
able to control mother nature but you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and
availability of your food supply with e-foods direct be prepared before you need it with
nutrient-dense food you can store for up to 25 years you can hope for the best but hope won't
feed you do what i've done and get your own supply of the best durable foods out there from e-foods
direct call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at efoods direct.com forward slash alex and check
out their spring specials again that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at efoods direct.com
forward slash alex you can bet your life on efoods direct defending the republic from enemies foreign
and domestic it's alex jones tamarland zarnav fbi fumbles as it tries to cover up false flag asset
tamarland zarnav kurt nemo's got an article that just breaks down the intelligence connections
all of it the family's now saying the fbi called their son after the bombing and right before he
was killed that he was loaded in a car naked that that is indeed him and then run over and then shot
eyewitnesses are saying they saw that as well ladies and gentlemen this story is breaking
up at info wars.com and prison planet.com mother of suspected bombers claims fbi called eldest
son after bombing before fatal shootout congress exploits our fears to take our liberty ron paul
zarnav ant claims naked man in video is tamarland shocking footage americans order out of homes at
gunpoint by swat teams i mean i don't know i mean imagine austin there's a lone shooter out
i mean one of they said we're shutting this building down we think he's in it they come
to your house they come out with your hands up to everybody i know i'm done this is totally
unconstitutional now i'm gonna go to your calls the next segment i promise and then we're gonna
get uh dole scowlson to pop in with his take but all the experts i trust not just me are saying
this is a staged event one thing i want to plug here before we look at what they're trying to
ram through while we're busy in the media circus that is uh this quasi-staged event bare minimum
wi wa wi wa in jacksonville saint cloud florida as of today april 22nd wiwa in jacksonville
saint cloud florida will air the alex jones show 24 7 via high quality satellite stream and you
can pick up 24 hours a day the internet stream that they're going to feed to xds satellite
receivers as well the station manager is jerry smith so they are and of course there are some
stations out there there was one for a while in seattle that does coast to coast am 24 7 they
got high ratings with that and we've got a lot of stations that air us live then again at night
uh because it just gets more and more popular uh and uh but but this is great so uh you can
find out more that guy's give me their website i'll plug that too wi wa in jacksonville florida
and it might be good on these plug sheets if they give me the uh the um frequency and hey john will
you give me the frequency i mean i've given people the call letters but i i hell i can do it i can go
to radio locator and do it it's like it's like i'll get ad copy i'm gonna write to say here's
your ad it just says the name it's like you write it you know you do everything jones and people
want me to come i guess into the bathroom become groom of the stool or something too i can do all
the butt wiping around here 11 60 a.m ladies and gentlemen excuse me uh david i'm uh that's a good
way to introduce this hour family show i apologize folks i'm not complaining it's all the time it's
like there plug this news station oh yes uh the uh did you say 16 30 oh 11 60 11 60 see because
i got to get it live down my ear you know 11 60 11 60 there you go in jacksonville st cloud
okay shifting gears here uh with a quick update and report on what's being rammed through with
our reporter david knight while we're watching the martial law takeover conditioning well what
we're looking at is a threat of imposing the patriot act on the internet now the house passed
last thursday uh the cispa act which has been around before and it was killed once before along
with pipa and sopa and the cyber security act of 2012 all those things have been brought up all
those things were defeated but then as it was going through last thursday it's pretty amazing
what happened in the house there were a lot of amendments put in to try to protect privacy they
weren't even allowed to be debated you had one amendment that said that they had to get a search
warrant before they looked at people's uh private papers and their internet communications which of
course would comply with the fourth amendment that of course was not allowed to to come in but we
also had the chair of the house committee on homeland security mike mccall said in the case
of boston they were real bombs but he said we need to arm ourselves against digital bombs that
are on their way and so uh that that's what they did to try to ram this through because the other
bills were most of them were set up around uh copyright issues but now when they say security
the republicans are just falling in line left and right we it has not passed the senate yet
and obama says he's not going to sign it but of course he said that about the ndaa so he can't
trust that but it's been defeated in the past and they're also saying because of wikileaks they
want it wikileaks was a good thing exposing their criminal activity right so they're saying hey we
want to keep covering up our criminal ops you can't talk about these efforts to try to keep
the internet free without talking about aaron schwartz aaron schwartz died in the middle of
january he was just 26 he was under indictment uh by this same u.s attorney that's going to be
trying these bombers in boston and she threw the book at him local prosecutors are just going to
let him go as a misdemeanor charge she put 13 felony charges on him and had him looking at a
35-year sentence she got a lot of criticism because a lot of people said that she drove
him to suicide but we're not so i'm not so sure that he was that he committed suicide yeah folks
when you hang yourself in a jail cell uh there's a good chance you were murdered right well he he
basically uh to defend uh carmen uh ortiz her husband did a tweet that said that she had
offered him a six-month deal and he turned it down not that he was looking at a 35-year sentence
uh that twitter account has subsequently been taken down but that information got out and there
were screenshots of it people got that from the archives also he was under indictment after he
was still fighting these sopa pipa cispa acts even after he was in under indictment this guy was a
fighter he was not somebody that's just gonna you know kill himself in despair i don't believe of
course they murdered him but let's what they did let's look at a couple of clips from him uh the
first one talks about some of the technical issues with cyber security it's just about 30 seconds can
we go to that clip but i think it's really important that we stop cyber attacks and the
way to do that is to make our cyber systems more secure to close the vulnerabilities that allow
attackers to get it but the problem is the government's doing the opposite they are funding
the creation of vulnerabilities they are offering rewards for people to find and build vulnerabilities
in the system and give it to the us government so then the us government can launch cyber attacks
in other countries now did you get that he said the real problem with cyber security is that the
government is creating and funding them our government is creating it oh three years ago
kurt nemo wrote an article where the head of cyber security uh at the pentagon is it's already going
i mean they're trying to get statutory authority said we're launching cyber attacks we're doing
this we're building back doors that's why they say the chinese chips and our missiles and stuff
it's not our missiles it's globalist missiles have these back doors because that was ordered
in the specs everything has back doors absolutely and like you said before they basically have to
tell in the same way they have to tell people when they're going to pull something off they also seem
to even though they directly violate the constitution they are definitely trying to get this
passed as a law even though the law is unconstitutional they feel that if they can get
a law passed if they can get the supreme court to sign off on it just like asevedo was saying about
gun control he says it doesn't matter what the constitution says or what the constitutional
sheriff say if the if the congress passes a law and the supreme court says we're fine with that
that trumps the constitution that essentially amends or nullifies the constitution so they're
really pushing on this but the question is what does this bill do how does it violate the fourth
amendment well even though it's our own government that is funding and creating these attacks these
vulnerabilities as orin schwartz erin schwartz pointed out uh they're using this to come in and
get information about you from they're going to use it to get information about you from facebook
and twitter and they're going to do it in a devious way instead of the government coming in
and saying we want that information they're going to provide liability protection to facebook and
twitter and any corporation to voluntarily hand over that information to the fbi and you know
i've been saying this since they told us in 2001 i was reading the minutes of the internet 2 meeting
i think it was in london that year they've had it in austin and tokyo and other places
and they said in the future we're going to shut off the old web but we're going to phase it into
internet 2 where it's only institutions and big corporations you'll have to waive your rights to
be on it and then there'll be no freedom because you've got to waive it to be on it but we're going
to kill the old web and that's the plan they force you onto these pretty much government
creations like zuckerberg's uh uh you know where he said they're dumb efforts he's at
boulderberg group google all this and then you're on it and then it says you have no rights and so
everything you're doing is spied on plus when you sign a contract to be on the cloud everything
you're doing uh isn't yours now well this will also negate any privacy agreements between that
that have been out there between uh facebook and users or twitter and users anything that's out
there any faith any uh agreement to protect your privacy will be null and void if cispa goes
through so it gives them liability protection exactly and so cispa supporters are outspending
people who are opposing it by 140 to 1 605 million to push this thing through 605 million
versus only 4 million to try to stop it and that's it's big defense contractors tell them about that
up to 10 billion dollars per company just to spy on us right well mike rogers the 10 billion dollar
figure comes from mike rogers wife now mike rogers is the congressman that's really spearheaded this
he introduced he reintroduced cispa one month after aaron schwartz died and his wife is a former
recently was the ceo and president of aegis incorporated and they just got a 10 billion dollar
contract with the state department now aegis that's an offshore creep factory oh yeah yeah
this is a this is the organization that had more soldiers on the ground private soldiers
mercenary soldiers on the ground than the british had troops in iraq yeah so it's a bunch of foreign
merc companies are taking over the web right now right and rogers wife who was the former ceo and
president she just recently left uh she's around doing uh speeches on cyber security and that sort
of thing so she's jumping on that bandwagon and again like i said this is a contract going to the
state department but let's take a look at the second clip that we've got from aaron schwartz
can we play that clip right now it gives us kind of an insight into what congress's mindset is on
this go ahead i was at an event and i got introduced to a u.s senator one of the strong
proponents of the original coika bill and i asked him why despite being such a strong progressive
despite having just given a speech in favor of civil liberties he was supporting a bill that
would censor the internet and that typical politician's smile faded from his face and
his eyes started burning this fiery red and he started shouting those people on the internet
he yelled they think they can get away with anything they think they can just put anything
up and there's nothing we can do to stop them they put up everything they put up the plans
to our fighter jets and they just laugh at us well we're going to show them there's going to
be laws on the internet it's got to be under control now as far as i know no one has ever
put up the plans to u.s fighter jets on the internet i mean that's just something i've heard
about but that's sort of the point i mean it wasn't a rational concern it was this irrational
fear that things were out of control all right hit pause here was this man a united states
we're going to come back and finish this clip we're going to back it up and finish it and
you make the points gold it's like nothing else on earth from the romans through the renaissance
from the industrial age to the space age gold has weathered the test of time for six thousand years
gold has remained the ultimate store of wealth according to the world gold council in the u.s
mint demand is at an all-time high the stage is being set for the re-emergence of gold as
the common sense alternative to a fiat paper currency that gets weaker every day midas resources
is proud to offer the hard-hitting report that arms you with the truth you need to protect you
and your family from the fed's plans for your hard-earned money don't gamble with your future
call mitis resources today and ask for your free copy of as good as gold call 1-800-686-2237 for
the report the fed hopes you'll never see as good as gold can be yours by calling 800-686-2237 if
you have ever thought about owning gold you must read this report call mitis today at 800-686-2237
gardeners here comes another growing season but don't use last year's soil maximize yields in
your survival garden with em1 from tereganics em1 is an organic soil conditioner fertilizer
amendment and compost accelerant that provides a broad spectrum of beneficial microorganisms
enzymes trace minerals vitamins and various organic acids em1 helps regulate the soil's
ph level and its soil microbes improving moisture retention and drought tolerance remember last
year's dry conditions em1 from tereganics is safe chemical free and certified for use on all organic
farms it improves plant quality size color flavor and gives up to 20 percent more nutrient value in
fruits and vegetables and greatly increases shelf life and em1 is so simple to use just mix with
water and apply this year prepare your crisis garden for maximum yields with em1 from tereganics
dot com order now at teraganix.com or call toll free 866-369-3678 that's 866-369-3678 tereganics
life's getting better so a natural disaster strikes and out goes your power you risk losing
stored food in electric freezers and refrigerators your options lose all that expensive food and
medication fire up a noisy gasoline powered generator or switch now to a propane or natural
gas powered refrigerator from ben's discount supply ben's discount supply.com has a complete
line of propane powered refrigerators freezers in sizes ranging from a small camper cooler size
up to a whopping 21 cubic foot refrigerator freezer or a 22 cubic foot deep freezer in stock
and ready to ship anywhere ben's discount supply.com also stocks a full line of solar
powered appliances to get you completely off the grid check out ben's discount supply.com
or call 800-771-7702 that's 800-771-7702 or click ben's discount supply.com for camping
home or bug out location bank on ben's discount supply.com hey there my name is frank baits do you
know the number one most valuable item in a crisis some people think the answer is gold
others think it's a gun but the correct answer will shock you i just created a free video at
crisis123.com that reveals a surprising item that is more valuable than gold in a crisis
97 percent of americans don't have this one critical item in fact they haven't even given
it a thought and the sad truth is that you may not survive without it when a real crisis hits
and a starving mob is right outside your door but i have to tell you could literally make the
difference between life and death for you and your family watch my video at crisis123.com
to discover the number one most valuable item in a crisis you'll be shocked see the controversial
video that thousands of other smart patriots have already seen in the last three months
go watch my video now at crisis123.com before they force me to shut it down again that's crisis123.com
come
i hate i hate call him drunk all right going back to uh david knight uh here with us in
fullworks.com nightly news reporter uh the full clip we're gonna play on the nightly news tonight
when you do another piece on this but uh there's a lot of these clips aaron swartz was a leader
and he was a real liberal not one of these fake tyrants and and absolutely the globalists are
already stealing money left and right 85 billion dollars a month uh all of this is happening all
of this is going on they're getting away with everything but they realize the public is finding
out what liars they are so they want to censor the web but isn't the genie already out of the bottle
well what i people are waking up and what i was going to show from that clip was that aaron
schwartz kind of woke up here was a guy that he thought was on his side because he kind of bought
into this left-right paradigm it's like oh this guy's a good liberal and so therefore he cares
about civil liberties and he was surprised to see the anger and the hatred in that guy's attitude
when he started talking about oh these people on the internet they're absolutely out of control
exactly what we saw in these press conferences last week where they said don't look at anything
except what we give you right and we heard that they actually said only look at what we give you
right and we heard and they're in the news saying it's bad that citizens can look at photos
and we heard that at sandy hook as well they want absolute total control of the flow of information
as well as control over the internet's meant to surveil us not allow us to surveil them
absolutely and so he woke up to this and he said you know this is not somebody weighing the pluses
and minuses of what would be good policy as he would think from a liberal perspective he said
this is the attitude of a tyrant that's the way he ends that clip this is the attitude of a tyrant
and so what we're hoping is is that people on the left as well as people on the right who would not
typically care about this because a lot of times you mentioned security and you see a lot of the
same people who are fighting so hard to stop the government from taking their second amendment
rights they're not really interested in cispa that's not really their issue or civil liberties
because they don't they think well i've done nothing wrong so what if they surveil me the
government's run by foreign banks and mercenary groups they want to use it to plant stuff on you
to control you you're like well why is it wrong if they went door to door maybe people come out
with their hands up what's wrong with that if they can do that they can condition people for the door
to door gun confiscation you know you're like what do i have to hide if the troops check my my bag
again and and and look at my papers i'm a good guy what if they're on a bad mission there's a reason
we have a bill of rights and constitution and checks and balances because it will always be
used to abuse us and it's not about things like a fighter jet plans being put out there it's about
things like state department memos being leaked by wicked leaks that show their criminal actions
of what they've been planning yeah they don't want it out with uh exactly they don't want them
going we're criminals and murder these people and yeah torture these people and torture their
families and we do the criminal now the unconstitutional later that's right exactly
that's the memo that came out from henry kissinger we do the the illegal we do immediately the
unconstitutional takes a little while longer that came out in wicked leaks they don't want you to
see that kind of stuff so that's why they want to get a gag around the internet that's why they
want to get their hands around the throat of the internet and stop this kind of hey people in the
federal government they had a colonel the week before 9 11 write an article in the washington
post saying the government may stage a terror attack trying to warn people a year before 9 11
they accidentally declassified in the stacks north woods they're trying to warn us there's good
people in there and look at how they're going after all the whistleblowers right oh yeah back
in north carolina uh senator richard burr uh came before i came out here he put in a bill specifically
to go after whistleblowers very harsh penalties for whistleblowers they're trying to shut this
down and even if you don't have anything to hide they have something to hide and we need to know
hey they're calling whistleblowing they're wanting to put you in jail if you it's basically making
everything in government classified yes and then well you've seen them the cops trying to put people
in jail for life if you film them in public the government is out of control it's the danger right
and it uses these stages in one minute what do you make now of the boston stuff well i i just
it doesn't the pattern of the younger brother just doesn't look like he's somebody that was involved
in this that he knew what was going on i mean he's he's tweeting as after this happened he's going to
a party thursday night uh every they went on the run after their pictures were put up that they
were being looked at and now that looks like they arrested the brother and executed him right right
and and it didn't it didn't make any sense looking at the early pictures his attitude with his cap
flip back not trying to hide his face his backpack the wrong color and everything and now we see all
this stuff about how they pump the uh boat like uh full of lead just like they did bonnie and
collide or something i mean you know it's it's uh it's very suspicious and then he gets out and
is able to get out but minutes later oh he's almost dead he can't yeah it looks like he's
walking and then exactly they've got pictures of it looks like they they walked him out of the boat
and then he's close to death the next time you see him just like the brother it appears might have
been the one who was the naked man in the video and then all of a sudden he's riddled with bullets
and run over and that sort of thing or you know turns up dead yeah i mean look at how they burned
up dorner and lied about it i mean there's no telling and again it's the classic cover-up and
again folks i've had police when i was growing up threatened to frame me for stuff i mean it's well
known they do this and boy you look at the police in boston i mean the way they're acting their body
language saying press will kill you if you don't shut up this is all about a federal globalist
power grab your calls are coming up we're on the march the empire's on the run alex jones and the
gcn radio network now that we have moved into the winter season there is an increased need to
support our immunity and health at silver lungs we are committed to meeting your needs by providing
a full selection of silver-based products our most popular silver-based products are the 32-ounce
nano silver solutions our 2-ounce nano silver nasal applicators as well as our all-natural
silver soaps just released is our 100 natural silver gel our new silver gel is not based on
synthetic gelling agents which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface but rather
we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera
to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more effectively
visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver-based products are best
for you that's www.silverlungs.com devastating events like earthquakes tornadoes floods
hurricanes or the threat of martial law have highlighted the need for americans to prepare
for emergencies as a result millions are stockpiling food gold and weapons but how
will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill supernatural silver is the
ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency supernatural silver is a natural
antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria viruses moles and fungus and is remarkable
for wound care taken internally or used topically it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens
supernatural silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life making it the number
one choice of preppers across the country to find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared go to supernaturalsilver.com use the promo code prepared for 20% off your entire order
and like us on facebook you prepare by purchasing gold food and firearms but if you don't have a
home security system then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection
when you're sleeping or away from home who's watching out for intruders
check out simply safe it's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless
go to get simply safe.com simply safe is independent and off the grid it runs on
battery power so even if the grid goes down you're protected it's completely customizable
so you can use it in your home business boat trailer storage unit or shed get simply safe.com
simply safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes so there's no need
to let a stranger into your home if you move or need to relocate you can take the system with you
wherever you go you aren't always at home but simply safe will stand guard protecting your
property 24 hours a day seven days a week again that's get simply safe.com
the answer to 1984 is 1776 you're listening to the alex jones show
all right i'm gonna jam in five or six of your calls right now and then go to joel
scowlson to get his take on all this we haven't had him on since the day after the event
but he believes that all the tell-tale signs of a false flag staged event self-inflicted wound
now it's got more signs than ever we know there was a drill we know they lied about
that we know they had a bunch of patsies on scene as of wednesday they were going to go with its
right wingers and they had white house people out saying yeah that's who it's going to be
wait the next day there's going to be something big happen and they flipped the script it looks
like set up some of their patsies who they may have actually had plant the bombs which is a
good lesson to you out there like tim mcveigh and others you do not want to be part of this they
will set you up in a minute mcveigh was real mad about the mission and told terry nichols
and others about it about a week before but he still went ahead with it because he was under
orders and you know what they did to him same thing with lee harvey oswald and now it's just
hands down the fbi knew who they were when they put their picture out and then called him up if
the mother's accurate and said we're going to come on by and get you and then they for whatever
reason drugged him up or had already shot him laid him out ran over him and then shot him up much
more and then they wanted that other brother bad and they tried to kill him but media had gotten
their cameras on it so they were unable after shooting hundreds of rounds into it when he
actually got up oh my goodness you know he's unarmed with his hands up don't worry we'll get
him in the tent get medical personnel over here to help him out but it was a little too obvious
if he died on the spot they made the call hey the kid doesn't know the whole story well try him
suspect charged in boston bombing case still in serious condition with gunshot wounds was
arraigned in the hospital monday on federal charges in connection with boston marathon
and he wasn't given miranda so far and is quote drugged being asked questions you can put somebody
on halcyon and say hey you committed murders didn't you yeah i did and you're superman too
aren't you yeah i am and you're also a cable or elf right yeah i am living that big green tree
i mean they now drug up the the aurora shooter for trial i mean just give me a break
i guess north vietnam drugging our pilots was good then
let's go to julio and illinois then we got our guests coming on go ahead julio
oh man alex it's uh it's kind of comical and sad at the same time watching the narrative
this continuous narrative being thrown at us but big brother in the corporate media
you know if this were a movie it would be kind of like a sick comedy because uh the public knows
what's going on well most of the public i should say and yet the big bros throwing this narrative
at us they shut down a big metropolitan city like boston for a 19 year old kid i mean if that's a
joke for for them to throw this narrative at us uh i remember i stood up all night thursday night
in a friday morning and they said the naked guy was uh suspect number one initial report
and then within a half hour to an hour away it's not him it was just someone else they wanted to
make it because he had he may have had bomb residue auto and alex uh quickly i called your
show i interviewed me last uh summer last july after the tsa and amtrak police followed me after
i released the video yeah they said you cannot tell them on the streets of chicago yes right
i i i mentioned a document from homeland security and da uh homeland security and the fbi they did
a roll call after the aurora shootings about how they were going to be bombings at large gatherings
and here we are a year later and then boom it happens this is a false flag they tell us what
happens here's beforehand just like a operation of malcolm burgo two months ten days before 9 11
bin man's picture on the document of the of an exercise that happened on 9 11 it's the same thing
they're telling us in advance what's going to happen they tell the police they get everything
ready it happens and oh now we have to give up more right as peter king of new york tells us
or miss lindsey graham well yeah i mean that's what really tells you what's happening is the
police think we're such animals they now do proctology exams on the side of the street
in austin texas and other areas or or the state police do on the highway with the same glove
multiple women four orifices just off the chart stuff and now in boston the videos are emerging
where they would just go door to door and say come out and have families you know with their
children you name it come out with their hands up and the cops would get in their face and grab on
them and i'm telling you it's illegal it's unlawful it's martial law and they call it
security they call it national security and yes you were on as a guest reporting for we are change
with all the footage that made the news where the tsa is on the streets now saying you can't
film them as they search people's bags and stuff without warrants and it's just all part of the new
government takeover where they're the new class they're the new god and it's all part of the
conditioning and this is what they train kids in public schools during drills to come out with
their hands up uh and again even if you look nothing like the people just door to door
uh just just i mean it's so pathetic and hey don't worry cops the globalists are doing this
to take your pension funds they're doing this getting us ready for the financial collapse
and through that we're supposed to all become collectivized and go on food stamps and stuff but
i mean i mean i'm here to tell you it's illegal uh and if anybody would have said no they'd have
blown your house up burned it down like dorner and said you were a terrorist good that's more
people for them to show off with and and act like their heroes and go after your family now again
a lot of police are listeners of this show and a lot of departments wouldn't act like this but
boston is a town that i don't even want to enter uh because it's so creepy uh and and i mean the
police look like fred flinstone uh and and of course after the lockdown ended somebody found
the guy in the boat because he could go outside now and of course it was outside the lockdown
now joel scowlson writes for world affairs brief he's the editor joel scowlson uh of course you can
go to his website worldaffairsbrief.com joelscowlson.com will also get you there we sell
his book and i produce the film with him strategic relocation depending on which region you're in
the safer areas to be in like i live in the hill country right outside austin that he rates as the
safest before i read his book i did my own research and it shows you how accurate it is i've been all
over the country and it's like how does he know all this well he's worked all over the nation
building secure homes for um government and wealthy right down to you know regular folks
he's written the best-selling book the secure home all available at info war store.com i should add
and joel you just heard uh julia we are change reporter talking about what happened uh but this
is a great reason to get out of the city what do you make of of just the whole psyop we're seeing
what we now know about tammerlin uh what we now know about the family the russians blowing his
cover with the fbi and saying who is this guy you're sending into terror camps that are state
department funded uh other aliases are coming out in the news they were allowed to travel around
with other aliases looks like more setups and you know you kill the spy but then the little brother
he'll make for good fodder he's now charged joel i don't know your take since we talked six days
ago the day after the bombing on wednesday or on tuesday what is your take as an expert on false
flag joel scousin i think alex it's very clear that the two brothers were involved in some type
of false flag training and operation but it was clear to them that when they showed up and when
the bombs went off and they fled and by the way we have video of the younger brother fleeing with
his backpack on him so we know that what the fbi said about him dropping his pack could not have
been true but that they realized that oh something else has gone off and they fled i think this is
very very typical of what happens when you you set up a patsy you put him in charge or you put him
in with another group of people and you give them a certain assignment to be down at the area so
that they can be arrested or so that they can be filmed but you have other people do the actual
explosions to make sure it comes off correctly not leaving it to amateurs and so i'm very worried
that we had we do have a larger group here and that larger group has to involve an agent
provocateur provided by the fbi almost every single terrorist prosecution of lone individuals
planning to bomb something in the united states and britain have involved what the government
says an fbi informant but we know that they're much more informants because they admit under oath
in the trials that they in fact provided the you know the hype they provided the egging them on
they provided the explosives they provided the plans they provided the leadership they normally
some cases take some two years giving them money commanding them in the name of allah to do this
that's right and so i clearly think that these boys were involved in an operation had gone
and at least tamarind had been sent back to the far east in order to get training or to
to move around and that's when the russians picked him up here and came back but you know it was
obvious from their statements when they came back they didn't flee uh they went to a par
at least the young one went to a party he seemed normal he talked to people as if nothing had
happened he told his mother that they didn't do it that he was going to be set up though
but i think they knew that when the bomb went off without whatever participation they'd been
briefed for that they were going to be set up i think it was interesting though that the police
or the fbi called um a couple of days after that and and uh and talked to them and and yet they
didn't arrest them immediately and uh i don't know if they wanted them to flee i'm still unclear alex
what this uh mit cop had to do or the carjacking had to do with this the one thing i'm really
concerned about is what new evidence appears to show that tamarlin in fact was captured and told
to strip naked in order to check him for bombs and then put in a police car recognized by the aunt
who said she's 100 sure that this was tamarlin oh we've got the video by the way on infowars.com
in fact i'll pull that up for viewers in a moment radio listeners and go see it it looks like
spitting image he has a you know kind of unique bone structure uh to his face and um and again
he was like a boxer playboy type uh not religious reportedly did drugs and things i mean this really
fits the mo absolutely and now you have witnesses saying they had his body out there and the cops
ran over him and then filled him full of holes go ahead yeah that's the important thing is that if
he was in police custody then what was he doing out there in a shootout now i believe this police
chief mr devo must have been making up a tremendous story when he talked to wolf blitzer on cnn
because everything that he talked about was false you know as a former military officer i listened
to his his uh scenario where he's talking about these two guys approaching this f uv this roadblock
they've got set up and they get out of the car and they start start to have a huge shootout
hundreds of rounds being exchanged uh nobody apparently hit or if they're wounded they're
back in the car and then all of a sudden the older brother supposedly gets out and he starts walking
towards them in a suicide manner you know shooting at them and they wound him and then they say well
our police guys went and tackled him and handcuffed him and then the younger kid you know got in the
suv and and drove towards but instead we have footage that i mean not just the face the
shoulders the bone structure you know the boxer body uh reportedly that you know they call they
go we're coming to get you they strip him down they walk him out and then they have a fake
firefight and you listen to the supposed firefight it sounds like one way i mean man this is really
bad and here's my issue it's so sloppy joel scowzen uh they're gonna be just joined as
editor-in-chief at worldaffairsbrief.com they were saying white house officials former white
house officials axelrod and others tuesday night they said look it's it's going to be lone wolf
domestics by themselves by wednesday they said we got them some big announcement it's going to
be the tea party they had a celebration on msnbc cnn i have the clips i played them they said yeah
this is going to look like it's lone wolf right wing because they can't help but brag to themselves
and then something that we and others that became the number one thing searched on the web that day
put out freak them out they withdraw it they say okay there hadn't been an arrest they evacuate the
courthouse where it's at army vehicles drive in drive out there's a panic they throw all the media
out and then the next uh day they release thursday the photos and say look at nothing else
is this a false flag that completely blew up in their face and they had to switch to a backup plan
well not knowing the the complexities of this i know that they are ad-libbing on the spot and
that's a lot of what they were dealing with right here i'm convinced first of all there had to be
something that the two brothers were involved in and it had to be larger than them they were given
an assignment to be there and they were watched by a federal agent as you carefully pointed out
on one of your videos and they could have arrested them the same time you know the fbi had been in
contact with these people at least three years before even though the fbi says only six months
ago and i think they're lying the mother could not have been that far off in her time and when
she said three to five years let's just say even if it's three years at the earliest they said and
at the time that they've been watching and tapping every one of their phones they watch everything on
the internet there's no way they could not have known what they were planning so this proves alex
that this is a false flag operation meaning they're part of a group that they know is planning
they're monitoring all of their emails they're monitoring all of their internet activity
that only can mean that they intended this operation to go forward but they were looking
for a couple of the members of this group that they're going to take down as a patsy
and i don't think we're going to find the so-called rest of the group and i think that's
one of the reasons why they wanted both these brothers dead and we may find out that and there's
a problem of course with jakhar the the younger in the sense that he does not appear to be wounded
when he comes out of the boat and all of a sudden they say there's a self-inflicted gunshot he
doesn't even have a gun in his hand alex how could he have done a self-inflicted wound to the throat
and then five minutes later from the video stills we slowed him down one by one it looks like
they're doing a tracheotomy on him so you're walking you're walking and now your throat's
cut out and then they said he may never talk again i mean this is so obvious
well we've seen a lot of history of false flag operations in this country and you know
there's a lot of them going clear back to the battleship maine the blowing up of the maine
the pearl harbor is one of the best that we have evidence on we have a tremendous amount of
evidence on the oklahoma city bombing that it had to be larger than the makvey bomb it had to
involve multiple bombs that's right pearl harbor was a stand down but still a false flag that's
right uh and any and of course 9 11 we have tremendous information i just reviewed the new
video of showcasing the life of stephen jones who discovered the thermite and documented the
evidence as well as other scientists and it is a foolproof case that the government used
explosives in bringing down these towers nanothermite developed by nasa that's right
and this was a brand of nanotherm number there's even more powerful than the existing nanothermite
that they were able to get samples of so we have a tremendous amount of information about these
things and frankly after listening to police chiefs duro and others we simply can't trust
anything well i mean i go off my gut too i mean i think that police chief comes off like a big fat
gangster to me well you know what i was trying to say before i got interrupted when you know as a
military officer listening these guys apparently according to police chiefs throw bombs at them
had pipe bombs and had another similar big bomb that put out a big explosion first of all the
the tape recording don't show that any of those bombings are true it's just the police word for
it and secondarily are we to believe that they're going to come out from under the cover of their
cars and tackle this guy after he runs out of ammunition knowing that the brother is still there
in the suv with bombs with weapons and they're going to come out of their cover and tackle this
guy it just doesn't make sense in fact we know that from another witness that in fact that never
happened that in fact it was a police suv that ran down hammerlin joel joel i can tell you're
want to talk more we're going to go into overdrive with you if you can do it i want you to take your
time to lay out all the inconsistencies you're doing it very well hello this is ty bolinger
author of the best-selling book cancer step outside the box i want you to know some very
important information in 1985 president ronald reagan requested that carnivora be sent directly
to the white house at a time when only the president could obtain this world-class healer
now 27 years later carnivore capsules are used around the world to keep people healthy
now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in this age of superbugs with 17
naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal cells only without harming
a single normal cell if you want to stay healthy now's your chance to literally wake up your
critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders that don't belong in your body
call one eight six six venus fly or order from carnivora.com that's c-a-r-n-i-v-o-r-a dot com
that's one eight six six eight three six eight seven three five one eight six six venus fly
or visit carnivora.com protect your immune system it's the only one you've got in the last two years
alone the u.s has seen huge losses to our food supply in 2011 storms and floods raged across the
u.s costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone in 2012 we saw the largest drought in the country in
more than 50 years you may think out of sight out of mind and so you don't think you will be
affected the fact is you are we all are food shortages drive prices up for everyone you might
not be able to control mother nature but you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and
availability of your food supply with e-foods direct be prepared before you need it with
nutrient-dense food you can store for up to 25 years you can hope for the best but hope won't
feed you do what i've done and get your own supply of the best durable foods out there from e foods
direct call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at efoods direct.com forward slash alex and check
out their spring specials again that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at efoods direct.com
forward slash alex you can bet your life on efoods direct amino acids are the building blocks of
proteins amino acids have to be delivered to your body in the shape that nature gave them if they
are to be used to create new proteins in your body just like a brick layer cannot use bent or
twisted bricks to build a brick wall so too your body cannot use bent or twisted amino acids to
build new proteins giving your body an undamaged amino acid food can make a huge difference in
your health one world way is an undamaged amino acid food unlike any other you see heating bends
and twists amino acids and all way protein powders we've investigated and most proteins you consume
are heated with our true cool process you now have a choice with one world way my name is daniel
i'm 34 years old when i started using one world way i weighed 228 pounds now after two and a half
months i weigh 182 pounds this is my ideal weight i've noticed an increase in stamina rate of
recovery from workouts and an increase in my potency call 888-988-3325 or visit one world way
dot com
monday through friday from 11 am to 2 pm central we're here but we're going into an hour of
overdrive or more i'm able to get to all your patient phone calls michael dc and dave everybody
um and and i will try through the week to really open the phones up i know you guys want to talk
will you guys go tell jakari and david knight uh to get suited up and be ready to come in here at
the bottom of the hour to do a hour of overdrive or more to get everybody's phone calls in i'll
be honest with you i get on air and just get so many data points that it makes my brain burn
because i'm frustrated to see the same thing repeating itself and it's not my opinion that
there's a false flag all the signs are there i wish this wasn't a false flag because at least
it would just be some little group of crazies what's scary is is that they're going forward
with this joel i want to in the next hour with you have you really lay out all the inconsistencies
that you with precision are breaking down because i have the same inconsistencies here but i
start hyperventilating it gets me so upset to see this happening but i wanted to just briefly before
this hour ends ask you what is the political reasoning of this what is their goal obviously
it's a smokescreen and what do you make of what i call martial law being declared and i mean let
me tell you the cops shut down a whole city and say we're coming to your house to aim guns at you
and your family that's illegal and that's a form of assault and i've had enough of it and i'm not
looking for some type of physical deal but i've had enough joel scowlson you're a constitutionalist
what do you say on that front it's interesting they never used the word martial law in boston
public safety and it was just public safety national security and they hyped up on everybody's
patriotism about this to simply lay down and let the police do anything they want nobody was
thinking about saying to the police no you can't come in where's your warrant where's the probable
cause and that's what happens when you get that shows the power of this conflict creation motive
think what will happen someday when they have nuclear war in america they won't have to declare
martial law they're simply going to start running through the streets and everyone will say whatever
you want to do whatever it takes save us from the situation so i think it was very powerful lesson
of how far we've moved into uh you know exceeding to america failed a big test friday it did indeed
it did indeed um let me walk through first of all the main these big ins consist that before i ask
to the answer the general question on where i think they're taking us for this in the first
place it's very important to understand that we have forensic evidence that shows that at least
one of the explosions the backpack that housed that explosive was a black back pack that it had
a square label on it and it had white strips or on the black straps that were on the pack
neither the pack of jakar uh sarnia or his brother tamarind matched that description
number two we have the video of of uh jakar uh fleeing the scene after the bombing with his pack
on his back so he did not plant the bomb his brother did not plant the bomb that went off
now that means that someone else did it it was very very suspicious the government would point
to only these two people when obviously someone else planted the bomb and say whatever you do
don't look at anybody else very suspicious that's right i mean they knew there's some tremendous
independent research went on and it it was especially focusing on these other
private security contractors uh one of which did lose his pack the packs did match in fact
the explosive profile with the square patch on the back and i'm not saying it's enough conclusive
evidence to say that one of those but they were clearly in the area expecting some type of
activity and they had moved away from where the bomb actually went off were in another position
and they did not react as first responders when it went off not whatsoever except to get off the
get on their radios and telephones immediately start to communicate about them but we are left
begging the question what are these big backpacks that they're all wearing have
stay there back in 60 seconds with joel scales and i'm alex jones
thank you for listening to gcn visit gcnlive.com today
in the last two years alone the u.s has seen huge losses to our food supply in 2011 storms and
floods raged across the u.s costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone in 2012 we saw the largest
drought in the country in more than 50 years you may think out of sight out of mind and so you
don't think you will be affected the fact is you are we all are food shortages drive prices up for
everyone you might not be able to control mother nature but you can control your food prices by
freezing the cost and availability of your food supply with e-foods direct be prepared before you
need it with nutrient-dense food you can store for up to 25 years you can hope for the best but
hope won't feed you do what i've done and get your own supply of the best durable foods out there from
e-foods direct call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at efoods direct.com forward slash alex
and check out their spring specials again that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web
at efoods direct.com forward slash alex you can bet your life on efoods direct coast to coast
direct from austin you're listening to the alex jones broadcasting network network
big brother mainstream media government cover-ups you want answers well so does he
he's alex jones on the gcn radio network and now live from austin texas alex jones
all right we're into overdrive many stations continue to carry this broadcast
uh like the folks picking up the broadcast there in jacksonville florida let's pick it up 24 hours
a day very exciting uh joel scousins our guest this is a short segment long segment coming up
and i will get to your calls folks that are holding um okay we're now getting to the point
of the question it's only a five minute segment of what is the motive in all of this i mean it's
the classic thing of letters being mailed out they have a mentally ill patsy on that just like
the anthrax is a continued cover you've got cispa you've got the immigration bill you've got giving
homeland security more power uh you've got america failing the test you know usa means being under
martial law uh what else do you see happening here joel well i don't once again think that
martial law is imminent this is one of the acclimating type things there would be many
more even obama said there's going to be more terrorist attacks i think the number one motive
for this is that it had been a long time since we'd had another one of these high profile terror
attacks remember we don't have any normal terrorism in the united states normal terrorism would look
like people coming across the border among the thousands of illegal aliens that come across daily
and they'd be blowing up electrical pylons they'd be putting setting off suicide bombers in malls
small non-high profile things these high profile things are always a sign that there is something
to be gained that's right real terrorists hit train tracks that's right this is a propaganda
stunt and you know you and i had discussed and i know i've heard you say this before and i've said
it before my world affairs brief that they've got to have another major terrorist event in order to
keep people believing in this war on terror there was a great deal of fatigue about it people are
tired oh no we've been saying attacks are imminent because every tv show the dramas are all about
this now you can see the scripting and so they eventually had to make a self-fulfilling prophecy
come true and i think that was the major role of this the secondary role is that this is going to
give a greater justification to build homeland security into the major domestic police force
they won't need u.n troops we're going to have hundreds of thousands of other
you know people brought in to homeland security they're going to be militarized to the extent i
was shocked at how much top military automatic weapons armored personnel carry that they brought
out for this uh if they don't have this stockpiled in boston and they brought it out from long way
away no no that's what my military sources not that they're even high level they're there they
say there's caches of warrior fighting vehicles all of it everywhere for this and so this is
really disturbing alex that there's this much power firepower in an urban one urban area of
the united states that was brought to bear on this so that and and and the surprising thing
they didn't have to declare martial art they just said everybody stay in your homes and everybody
stayed in their homes i mean shut down everything essentially and some people disregarded it but
very very few let me before you continue let me just finish my train of thought before this on
these anomalies it's very important to understand that the fbi knew where these two brothers were
they knew where they lived they had been to their home before that is white side agents i think when
the russians responded and put out an interrogative with the fbi they they don't send over the dark
side operators who were running these um domestic terrorist groups they send over white side guys
to do an interview and that's why they were so open about warning them look we've got information
about terrorism they're watching your internet they admitted all of these things so if they
were truly the bombers involved why would they go back to their house knowing that the fbi
knew where they lived the fbi calls them at their house they answer the phone why do you see would
that happen why didn't they just go over and arrest them rather than call them beforehand
i'll tell you what i think i think they wanted to flush them out and make them run so that they
would have an excuse to kill them so that they would be dead and dead men can't talk i think
that's what recap that because how is the controlled medium we come back to hide all this
when you've got what looks like him naked being put in the car his aunt says no that's him they
came and got him uh you've got the brother partying the night before he's killed you know
out or or shot not killed injured running around i mean this is unbelievably sloppy stay with us
start life over spend more quality time with your family take more vacations own your own business
be healthy and earn the kind of income you've always dreamed of is it possible yes with young
jeopardy to learn more go to infowarsteam.com that's infowarsteam.com then pre-register for
the spring young jeopardy convention may 2nd through 4th in las vegas nevada and guess who
will be there hi i'm dr joel wallach the dead doctors don't lie guy i prescribe the healthy
body challenge and i'll be there hi this is pharmacist ben fuchs and i'm taking the healthy
body challenge and i will be there hi i'm dr peter glidden i'm doing the healthy body challenge and
i'll see you at the young jeopardy conference in may take the healthy body challenge and don't
miss the young jeopardy convention in las vegas nevada may 2nd through 4th for more information
go to infowarsteam.com infowarsteam.com that's infowarsteam.com
are you an inventor or do you know an inventor who would like to attempt to have an invention
or idea patented and submitted to industry for free information on how to proceed phone toll
free 1-800-977-6119 inventhelp america's leading invention company has inventors information you
can have free get an informative brochure and other material of interest to new inventors from
the company whose patent referrals have helped secure more than $1,000 in
cure more than 7,000 patents learn how to get your free information by dialing 1-800-977-6119
that's 1-800-977-6119 even if you only have an idea for improving an existing product and don't
know where to go with it you'll want this free inventor's information it shows how inventhelp
may assist you in trying to patent your invention and submit it to industry it's a free call that's
1-800-977-6119 1-800-977-6119 we all know that berkey water purification systems are the most
trusted name in water filtration as an authorized berkey dealer for over six years in serving
thousands of satisfied customers the berkey guy offers amazing specials for berkey water
filtration systems the berkey light systems include a set of self-sterilizing and re-cleanable
black purification elements that purify water by removing chlorine pathogenic bacteria cyst and
parasites to non-detectable levels and remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides and pesticides
order the berkey light system today complete with two black berkey elements for only 231 dollars
and the berkey guy will ship your order free of charge with the purchase of a berkey light
the berkey guy is also offering a set of fluoride and arsenic filters for only $39.99 that's over
30 percent off the retail price call the berkey guy at 1-877-886-3653 that's 1-877-886-3653
or order online at goberky.com that's goberky.com today ease the t-rex of political talk
alex jones on the gcn radio network
it is incredibly transparent what's happening here you've got the intelligence agency connections to
the brothers you've got him being reportedly brought to the car it's him and then dead and
witnesses saying no they put him in the street and ran over him and then shot him full of holes
uh i mean this is just outrageous and they tried to kill the other brother i was listening to the
scanners live because they had them over ustream the boston police were like oh no the media's got
in pull them back and and and they couldn't stop the media showing the boat they'd shot full of
holes hundreds of holes looks like 30 40 yards of cops with you know full auto opening up on that
boat trying to quote kill the suspect then they go over and he just stands up and now they knew
the media had a live feed because this all happened like five minutes because the media
had gotten around uh and was filming from above from a building and i was listening to police
going the colonel says get them out of there no no hold on and you can hear them all trying to
talk with code the average cop of course is compartmentalized as well and then he stands
up okay he's fine he walks over minutes later oh he can't talk he may die uh they do not want him
talking to people and again he's a 19 year old kid probably being tagging along with his brother
joel scowlson you were bringing up the point of why it's now coming out the mother says that they
called them after the bombing and then they called him right before they came and arrested him uh
tammerlin the older one and they ended up dead i mean uh and and now the witness is coming out
contradicting what the police said again this is not going well for them what are other points you
think are important to make here well the most important point is there is no reason to ever
telephone someone that you've already announced to the world these are the people that we're looking
for why telephone them unless you want to flush them out i mean they even knew where they lived
they were sitting in the residence where the fbi had been before there's no way that they
wouldn't just show up at the door and arrest them if that was their intent the telephone call in my
opinion was meant to flush them out so they would go on the run and then on the run they could run
them into a police situation where they could kill them and that's exactly what happened though
i think it got a little bit complex with the fact that they end up trying to hijack a car in order
to get some atm money uh and they have this other suv but clearly i think the police have them under
surveillance for the time they leave their house and so they're waiting for the proper time to get
the non-conspirator police involved and set up and kind of funneled into this roadblock situation
of course they're tracking them they claim that they were tracking them by the cell phone that
the hijacked suv left behind in the car but i don't believe that i think that they had them
tracked from the time they left their uh the apartment building and intended to kill them both
and that's why they've got i think they had to hurt the throat of the person they saw them get
out they couldn't simply say that he was dead on arrival because people and and the media saw him
walk out of that boat he wasn't dripping blood everywhere so i think they had to invent something
else this is a really a sloppy operation and they're almost always sloppy but in the past
there wasn't cameras everywhere to pick up every angle of this and now they're calling to censor
citizen video and media because it quote got in the way of the investigation that's all over the
news today when it's the opposite but you know my dad said to me last night when i went over
and visited him and my mom for a bite to eat he said he goes you know it's they're so obviously
guilty when they're like don't look at anything else and our reporter takes over the press
conference and and you know says we have the photos of the other people at info wars.com
we got 16 million extra visitors that day alone it's got to shake up the system to know that
you're out there i'm out there the white house says don't listen to the drudge report what do
you make of the saudi connections as well because you know okay there's some saudis there but this
guy does have family on the terror watch list they did have the ambassador visit they are acting very
suspicious they are ignoring all this other stuff i mean from studying past false flags they'll
usually have five or six groups there like oklahoma city so they can blame whoever they want
well the saudis are an interesting case because you know they were very much involved in providing
most of the hijackers for the uh the 911 and there were hijackers there this was a government
operation from beginning to end but they hired hijackers in fact i'm convinced that these
hijackers got training in large aircraft in saudi arabia or another middle eastern country where
they could get their hand where the governments themselves provided this training you didn't get
that from flying cessnas it's just too complex an airplane and i say that as a pilot you know
it'd be very difficult even who just famously survived an aircraft that say nobody else has
recently well even as a military fighter pilot myself it'd be very difficult for me to handle
one of those large aircraft the complexity the switches and and you were a carrier pilot they
said that's the hardest thing out there that's right so i'm not buying that the hijackers you
know what about the maneuvers of honey honjour that nine out of ten pilots say they couldn't
even do well personally i don't think that the hijackers were in fact actually flying
the planes that ended up going into the world trades i agree because for example the second
plane that went into the world trades had a huge modification on the bottom of it a bulging area
which was probably fuel enhancement uh area uh in tank i think that they were probably under
remote control at that point clearly the pentagon aircraft were very difficult to fly and i think
that there were two aircraft involved in the pentagon the proof of that is that there was
a large portion of the radome of the 757 inside the pentagon and you can't do that if you crash
at 500 miles an hour into a reinforced concrete wall there wouldn't be anything larger than a half
inch of that radome the only reason a portion a major portion of the radome could get inside the
building is if another smaller aircraft had launched a missile at the building created a hole
and that it would explain the white flash at the pentagon crash which yeah that's as high explosive
yeah i mean and again people say that's so confusing that's how they do these ops so no
one knows what they saw because it's so confused on purpose yeah i think there were two aircraft
there was a larger airline and there was a smaller commuter size air which other witnesses saw
the most important witness that i saw was the one who said that the actual airliner did not
penetrate the building and in fact it crumpled up against the wall and he made the statement to
himself the wall held up like a champ and then he said the the airplane exploded into a thousand
pieces and that matches my scenario where i believe these the airline size was loaded with
explosives and that explains why there were just confetti-like size pieces all around the part
there were thousands of pieces of aluminum everywhere so i think that one witness is the
recording of what really happened the smaller aircraft put a missile in second aircraft hit
almost simultaneously maybe a little bit later which most people saw and then exploded to destroy
the evidence sure joel scowlson what do you expect to come uh out of all of this so far i mean if it
hasn't gone well for them and i mean i listen to local talk radio and they're talking like i am
almost every caller's agreeing i was swimming laps out of martin springs this weekend a group
of military guys and their wives and they were like special ops guys you know they were in great
shape we're talking about and they couldn't even see me you know i was sitting there with a towel
on my head and i just got there and and i was laying out you know under a tree and they were
all talking about oklahoma city being an inside job and how they thought this was an inside job
and when i talked to them they didn't even know who i was so everywhere is the buzz that this was
staged well you know it's interesting that the majority of information comes out later and when
it continues to point towards only things that government could do is at 9 11 you know only
government could have loaded all those explosives in the world trade center even if you believe that
only world trade center 7 was loaded with explosives still you've got to explain that the
terrorists could not have done that and so the more the government covers up the more that the
government silences information fails to explain things the more that it alerts the more than one
third of the american people that i believe are suspicious about american involvement in 9 11
it alerts that third to the fact that we've got another false flag terrorist operation to deal
with now the government has said they're looking for an additional cell of some 12 people they kind
of give it away there's no way you'd know that there's a cell of 12 unless maybe they were
handling that cell but uh or just throwing out a number but i'm not so sure they're going to find
much of a cell here i think they're going to pin the blame on both of these they'll have another
terrorist attack under their belt and americans will be very much more convinced that we have a
real uh war on terror that now includes chechnya now i want to make one point very clear that
mainstream media continues to put out the propaganda the yes when they're talking about
russia assisting the fbi in this investigation how russia has been the victim of chechen terrorism
as well this is absolutely untrue is that almost all of the chechen terrorism or terrorism in russia
the apartment buildings the breslin bombings of the school that was putin to get re-elected
were blamed on chechens were in fact carried out by russian speakers not chechens uh the hotel
bombings and the apartment bombings were all done well it even came out on the bislon shooting which
is an example of school shootings the local witnesses all saw the military run out the back
then they opened fire and blew the school up killing even more kids to wipe out the two patsies
they left inside the uh the uh the theater siege is a model of false flag it is indeed and the the
chechens and the the russians have been running the chechens is their false flag operations just
like we've been running the middle eastern muslims as our false flag operations in this country now
they're kind of merging the two they're making it a worldwide war on terror this may have some
other ramification in terms of bringing in more of this false propaganda that russia is our ally
in the world on terror in the war on terror they're still planning a disarmament treaty
another one yet again on russia even though they have yet to comply with the last new start treaty
it seems like our government is just insisting on proving to the american p that the russians are
our friends that there's no threat there that we're fighting a common terror enemy and this
downplays the real threat which is russian china building weapons of mass destruction fully
intending to strike the west someday when they're ready sure and i think still that we're economic
collapse is not our major issue i think the powers that he can keep this going longer than we think
but i think it's this mother of all terrorism a nuclear war on america that will someday be the
biggest thing that will trigger not only martial law but a new world order all of the things that
you've been predicting can be easily implemented under a nuclear attack scenario sure and they're
creating under it all the foundation to launch it all uh once they have the proper uh trigger
but i mean this is unprecedented we've had thousands of cases of lone gunmen that have shot
or killed people before running around the loose and you don't shut down most of the whole city and
then a surrounding another town by the city and it's just outrageous the test america failed
uh going along with this and the cops having families come up with their hands up and then
like grabbing women and shaking them and just you know like just crazy what is the mindset of these
police i mean obviously the average cop does not know they're staging this stuff how have they
gotten the cops to be to behave like this well you remember that they're they're training cops uh
first of all there's a whole bunch of policemen involved in SWAT team operations we're trained to
have this militaristic response to everything they use them regularly a lot of the police around them
are watching and looking and admiring wonder when i can be a SWAT and so there's this mindset within
police now that we want to emulate what the top brand police are doing as a SWAT team and when
you had this kind of pseudo-patriotism involved with this boston marathon bomb everybody got
hyped up and do acting this way and we saw it play out and so i'm really worried alex that we've got
a growing atmosphere which allows a thuggish mentality to come out of placement and feel
like it's justified when you have one of these super patriotic um you know terrorist attacks
and that's why i say if you've got a nuclear attack on america someday you're going to see
no holds barred everybody can be thrown in prison everybody can be anybody can be grabbed out of the
house at will and nobody's even going to question it that's why it's important to understand that
mentality what boston proved is that there's not going to be this kind of stated martial law
without a major excuse it proves that with the proper excuse they don't even need to call martial
law people just lay down and give up their rights well i've always said they're not going to call it
martial law they're going to call it civil emergency public safety uh you know when police
come to your house now i want to look at your guns and knock and talk they go it's just public safety
and you know i think about what this country's turned into why do the powers that be want this
power grid in place right now this control grid and it's because they are just going to
incrementally dismantle this country and they're trying to make gun owners the enemy they're trying
to put their cyber security system in place and of course they have that pull out saying 30 think
you know 911 is an inside job or whatever i think that was a push poll uh you know done to make it
look stupid because it was next to do you believe reptiles drink people's blood do you believe this
and that from people when you talk to people privately more than half the people i run into
uh and i've seen some polls showing over half believe that they're being lied to about 911
most polls are around 90 believe jfk was was killed in a conspiracy so i really think this
this whole police state response is a is a failing forward an attempt to try to overcompensate
because the criminal clash the kleptocratic clash knows there's an awakening to them
there really is and that's why as we've talked about on your previous shows there is this
concept we need to always be aware of of them baiting uh people on the right as well to try
to gain as much of a livid expression against government so that they can turn around and use
that to justify coming after us but still i think it it takes something a major terrorist event like
this or false flag terrorist event like this to justify what they want to do i don't think they
could pull that off without something like this and again they've now bound patriotism to getting
rid of the fourth amendment and having an orgy of police running around in paramilitary gear
planting the flag of unconstitutional behavior on boston and then oh the fcc says you're allowed to
cuss on tv if it's about boston now i mean it is just so comically obvious what they're rolling out
and and uh you know you were on just like two weeks ago i think and i said i think a false flag's
imminent you agreed because every cop show every drama every uh family guy you name it says the tea
party will join al-qaeda and bomb america i mean every show every show uh that's a drama or a cop
show uh does this uh you know even shows about remaking houses somehow injected into it because
those aren't really real folks those are scripted as well they're quasi fiction uh quasi uh a
non-fiction reality so it's the bathing in this and sure it's over the top now to say the founding
fathers are scum and veterans are evil but when they're done with a bunch of bombings blaming it
on us it will merge in the mind but i agree with you it looks like a five-year plan or something i
think we may be a little bit closer than you think but um i want people to understand this is life
and death that's why i work so hard and broadcast you know 18 hours a day some days last week with
two hours sleep uh because you know the audience was there we had to talk to them is that this is
so real i mean you're not you know people ask me alex are you serious about what you're saying
look at history folks it's happening yes i'm serious joel talking to the enforcers the cops
but then also people that might be patsies later talking directly to the enforcers out there i
know we think they have low iq's and stuff because they're chosen for that but not all of them talk
to them about about the choice they have to make and what they can do i think it's important to
actually address the minions of this well my first call would be to people who are not really
enforcers but people who are playing along with these for example there's probably 50 to 75
explosives demolitions experts that load help load the world trade center the weekend before
and previous to that when they had the drill to shut it down yeah that's right there there are
hundreds of these people who are potential whistleblowers we need some of those people
to come out and have the courage i know that you've been threatened to say you know what's
going to happen to your family but you can see that this nation is on the brink of actually
being controlled by a major black operation and it's it's much bigger than the two political
parties it's it's above our governmental level and for the sake of whatever patriotism that
you know you've grown up with you've got to come forward and talk about these things i know there's
a tremendous pressure alex against these people to do so but you know we've had some like the
shooters on the grass on grassy knoll we had two of them deathbed type confessions who were both
in prison said they worked for the mafia and the cia both interchangeably on special operations
like this they did shoot the president from the grassy knoll can we hear anything from the media
that's the problem e howard hunt even went public and and even though he lost a lawsuit that
claimed it by spotlight and confirmed he was a benchwarmer on the whole deal but with the kind
but with the kind of audience that you've got alex the millions that listen to you you're a
force to be reckoned with there is a way for whistleblowers to get this information out for
example the aunt of jakarta narayev was threatened by the fbi that you will not talk to the media
and so when this reporter from canada got to her and she told about the fact that the guy that they
parroted around his naked was in fact tamarland that he was in fact alive and well and in a
police car that's being suppressed it's very important and why would the fbi tell them to
shut up i mean that's very guilty behavior by the way anybody wants to get a hold of us the tamarins
or the family of tamarland you want to get a hold of his tips at info wars.com show tips
and info wars.com go ahead and finish up i'm sorry there will be more coming out of that
lady i'll tell you and from the parents they're going to have trouble shutting this up they're
going to try but believe me these people are mad at the u.s government and they're going to tell
more about the truth and i think there's a lot more to find we're going to be able to cover this
story probably for the next six months you know i know you're putting together a big world affairs
brief for friday but you're going to give us a boil down because i have to go to press in the
next few days on the magazine the next month's issue that's going to have a you know a whole
breakdown of false flags and a lot more so it's very important that this hard copy of the next
month's issue have your boil down in it as well so you're going to get us that today and joel
scowlson thank you so much we got one minute left for anything else you'd like to add i just want
to let people know if they want to get a copy of that special synopsis of this briefing they can
email me at editor at world affairs brief dot com alex i want to applaud what you're doing i know
you're taking a lot of flack for what's going on but that means you're effective when the o'reillies
who are perennial conspiracy deniers or even glenn beck who's you know good guy considers himself
a patriot but he's a conspiracy denier and it's a real problem you're at the forefront of this i'm
at the forefront of this it's got to be said it won't it's not changing political parties it's not
electing republicans or even getting rid of obama that will solve the situation it is exposing the
fact that we have a secret combination of power that controls all the levels of power at least
they have effective control and we've got to kill that we've got to fight against it that's right
they're not in full control yet and can't bar the door if they get it we're in a real struggle thank
you so much joel scowlson other reporters are coming in to take your phone calls straight ahead
we're on the march the empire's on the run alex jones and the gcn radio network
hello i'm alex jones myself my family the info wars.com team want to relay to you and your
families that we are intensifying our efforts against the globalist on every front info wars.com
is leading the fight against the technocrats but we can't do that without your help by getting the
films bumper stickers and t-shirts and info wars.com you will wake up people in your area
and support our operation as we move to the next level we need your help to spread the word like
never before they wish to hide themselves during this tectonic battle between the forces of freedom
and darkness you are the response to the globalist technocrats and their program of global eugenics
dehumanization and ultimate extermination the war is here it's an info war the spirit of 1776
versus the mindset of 1984 the it's not my fault my computer is running slow support group will
come to order ready it's not my fault it's not my fault it's not my excuse me yes barry isn't it
somebody's fault when your computer slows down i think it's barry's fault thanks barry for slowing
down my computer if your computer is running slow it's not always your fault what you want for your
slow computer is clean pc now dot com clean pc now is a new way to keep your computer running at its
top speed first go to clean pc now dot com to download a free diagnostic and in minutes we can
find out what's slowing down your computer then you can easily activate clean pc now software
to optimize your computer's performance and with clean pc now there's an honest to goodness live
person available to answer your questions clean pc now means an end to bringing someone into your
home to fix your computer go to clean pc now dot com today and get your free diagnostic that's
clean pc now dot com first we screen it then we clean it clean pc now dot com is this the year you
finally get serious about your family's drinking water if so keep listening for a special offer
from big berkey water filters did you know that over 60 of municipal water is fluoridated berkey
water filters distinguish themselves from many other filtration systems with the capability to
significantly reduce dangerous chlorine fluoride arsenic and disinfection byproducts from municipal
water via the black berkey and pf line of filters then there's affordability at only 1.7 cents per
gallon berkey water filters purify treated and untreated water even stagnant pond water stop and
think how much money you could save by simply reducing buying bottled water and using water
filtered by your berkey water filter no need to be constantly replacing expensive filters with
a berkey a single set of filters can last for five to ten years choose the best size berkey for your
needs at big berkey water filters dot com and right now all gcm listeners get five percent off
all ceramic filter systems just call 1-877-99-berky that's eight seven seven ninety nine b-e-r-k-e-y or
visit big berkey water filters dot com free shipping on every order over fifty dollars
big berkey water filters for the love of clean water
all right i'm david knight and i'm joined in the studio here with jakari jackson and we're giving
alex jones a little bit of a break and we're going to take some of your calls and a lot of
people have been waiting for a very long time uh jakari how you doing any thoughts oh i'm doing
fine my uh thoughts and prayers are still with the people of boston uh not just you know for
the bombing but for the traumatic uh incident of you know having the the SWAT teams come and throw
you out of your own home absolutely i just shut down the city to catch one kid i mean how many
drug dealers and uh car thieves violent car thieves are out there every day doing that thing
which you had to shut down the city to catch uh one guy absolutely that's just amazing i've never
seen anything like it i don't think anybody's seen anything like that before in america but
unfortunately it looks like they're going to use that as a template and they're going to do that
more and more we're going to see that if unless we stop it you know people just have to stand up
and stop it you know we're talking about cispa that uh there's a campaign today uh anonymous
other people on the on twitter are trying to raise awareness of this because it is very close to
passing and it is what the late aaron schwartz called the patriot act of the internet and he
was really kind of a paul revere he didn't want to take credit for this but he woke a lot of people
up but he was right in the sense that it wasn't anything that one person could do but he could
get people upset about it and they just uh they hit congress with so many so much information so
many um protests that congress basically backed off you know if if the public is like a sleeping
giant and if they stay asleep the government's going to come by and they're going to solely
amputate you know it's like a like diabetes or something you're going to lose a finger you're
going to lose an arm you're going to lose a leg until you can't do anything anymore until you're
dead but if we wake up they back off we've seen that over and over again we saw it with the second
amendment and we've got to get people who were fired up on the second amendment issue just as
fired up on this patriot act uh for the internet cispa that's going to be stopped with guys like
dan bedani i mean just one guy shut down three press conferences because he dared to uh desire
the truth absolutely he had more people like that at congress at senate at the the city council
meetings at the whatever who will go out there and just make their voices known because don't
assume somebody's going to do this for you don't assume that your neighbor is going to write your
congressman or email your senator make make sure that you do these things yourself like i gave the
example how i uh i called chuckie schumer's office when he compared a private gun sellers to child
pornographers i called chuckie schumer's office i didn't get to talk to him i had to talk to his
intern but i made my voice known and that's the same thing people have to do on these other issues
like cispa absolutely and you know it wasn't just shutting down those press conferences what dan
did was he made the term false flag part of the national dialogue on this and that's real important
because people have to see these things in the context of what's happened before and if you go
back and look on the internet at the comments that aaron schwartz made when he was talking to
people about these internet uh attack these attacks on internet privacy it was a real
awakening for him to see the attitude and the power trips of these congressmen but let's go
to some of these calls that we've got right now i think the first one that we got up is uh is that
uh dave and arizona is that the first one we've got dave are you there hello dave
dave dave and arizona okay let's go to another one right here um we've got dc and west virginia
hey what's going on guys hey man this is this is huge especially for somebody that's awake now
that wasn't awake for 9 11 it's just a whole on a whole nother level seeing everything that's
going on being awake as of 9 11 happening and then waking up you know what i mean
yeah but um i think a big thing that's being missed um not by you all but like other people
is the ndaa i feel like one of the big agendas of this false flag is to kind of legitimize ndaa
kind of the way 9 11 did the patriarch absolutely and you saw the supporters the big supporters of
ndaa lindsey graham out there saying that we've got to give this guy the full getmo treatment call
him an enemy combatant yeah you don't get a lawyer you're an enemy combatant that's the thing that
really bothered me with the way this thing has been handled since uh the guy's apprehension
is all you see on your big mainstream networks is we don't have time to give this guy his miranda
rights we don't need warrants to arrest and absolutely we don't even have to show you this
guy placing the bomb i mean you can see these guys uh walking around you know just you know fair and
easy all day but you can't see these guys ever placing any charges down now carney did have a
press conference today and he did say that he's going to uh that they are not that they are going
to give them a regular judicial process that remains to be seen i guess the real question is
the apprehension of these two suspects uh the fact that the aunt is saying that uh this one guy
was uh the nate the older brother was in fact the video that we have of the naked suspect being
taken and then the next thing you see he's dead and then we see that the uh younger brother is
hiding in the boat and the boat is just riddled with bullets like bonnie and clyd right and then
he appears to be let away walking fine and then the next thing we know he's nearly dead bleeding
from the yeah yeah so there's some real questions about that as alex mentioned uh there was uh
chatter on the police radio saying that oh no the press is here in other words they did not
want anybody covering these but um anything else you wanted to add yeah speaking of that boat
incident i mean for one night storyline couldn't write something better than this this is crazy
but i don't know if you guys have seen the internet pictures right now that show him
kind of crawling out of the boat when they apprehended him i mean i'm curious as well
we can get somebody to see if that's what's doing it because i mean that's just how are you going
to crawl out of the boat after they literally bullets for one and for two and you guys noticed
how when it first happened they kept asking the media would ask about what whether or not he had
a gun and it kind of still they brought that up and he kind of stumbled over what he was going to
say and kind of wanted to end it right there like he didn't know he didn't want to talk about that
stuff well if you remember sir the uh the big lie well i won't say the lie but the thing they
were trying to push is the fact that he was probably armed likely armed with a uh explosive
vest a suicide vest is the thing they kept trying to push so we have to take this guy out we can't
take any chances we don't need any warrants because he may be strapped with a suicide vest
well and as joel scousen pointed out when we listen to the tapes you hear a tremendous amount
of gunfire i and i've listened to the tapes that uh neighbors made i didn't see or hear any
explosions uh so the tapes really don't corroborate what the fbi is saying at this point as far as
there being uh explosions and bombs being thrown well thanks for talking to us uh we've got michael
in tennessee coming up next michael you there hello hello michael hello can you hear us how are
you today doing fine what you got uh i'm a planet president uh excuse me prison planet member
calling from fema region four uh i've got y'all's free bumper stickers and passing them out like
water i use your broker all of a sudden anyway i called alex about a month ago um the constitution
bill of rights news ticker idea guy i think y'all should run the bill of rights as a news sticker
uh at the bottom of your screen uh but i wanted to point out something about the constitution
everybody's trying to mess with it and i'm going to tell you the bill of rights itself says in the
first four articles the first letter of all of the first four articles spells out the words can't i
think it can't be any uh plainer than that i'd also like to point out that the milestone stones
to our road to freedom should include wonderful things like badandi's awesome non-mainstream
questioning and all of also alex's pierce morgan takeover show um i'm gonna say i think it's
unusual that the twin towers and they're originally recalling this the twin bombings
and i'd just like to know if you think there were any videos that showed video dogs uh those uh bomb
sniffing dogs uh that were actually alerted and then kind of asked to turn down and there are
people all the time i'm saying a lot of stuff here but i want to get it out and then you can comment
but uh people say all the time what can i do well i in about the last two months have become
extremely proactive and i've called on my phone 93 calls to senators and state representatives
against unlawful gun controls and for teachers to be trained which by the way in tennessee passed
and are there any websites that show any information about dr botanics reporting on the
obama bush quentin uh indictments and now i'll leave it to you and that's all i wanted to ask
it was pulled down as addressing the uh the pachinik question that was pulled down but i
do believe it is on planet infowars and uh you can probably just uh type in the search uh and
i don't remember the name of the website but uh they did have a one-hour video there press
conference and you can look at the full 600 page report that organization and i don't have that
right with me right now maybe we get that uh later but i tell you what michael i really
appreciate your activism and your support of us but your activism with congress and one thing
to put on your list you've been very active calling people call about cispa that is something
there's a lot more republican support for it than there is democrat support so we still have
a chance at defeating it in the senate right and we've got to remember that sopa and pipa
and even cispa itself in its previous incarnation that wasn't as bad as it is right now those
were all defeated even though all of the people on the house committee were co-sponsors of it
it was pretty much a done deal when aaron schwartz started fighting it and they brought that thing
back they delayed it and they brought it you know kept publicizing it and resisting it until they
stopped it so it can be stopped but we have to get active just like you've been active
and in terms of the number of videos and things that are going to show any bomb sniffing dogs at
the finish line i think we're going to see a lot of stuff continue to surface over the next
next months and years you got to remember that we just talked to mike mcnulty who did the
waco rules of engagement and then waco a new revelation documentary and it took a long time
for the information about exactly what happened at waco people knew that the official story was
contrived false contradictory but it took a very long time to find the exact information and it
took him a while to discover it and he actually was successful freedom of information act to
uncover some information that the government had never had out there before so i think eventually
the truth is going to come out we know though from the get-go that there's a lot of suspicious stuff
here and keep in mind a lot of people have their cameras and such confiscated by the authorities
when it happened they even admitted that on cnn we have to take these cameras because there may
be information on them so that will make it somewhat more difficult but i am confident
there are people who have uh even if it's just in the background they have the bomb sniffing dogs or
whatever else going on absolutely we've got terry in washington next terry are you there
i'm here hey how you guys doing doing fine how are you what you got good hey i hope alex is still
in the building because i want him to hear this i tell you what it it sucks it for anybody that
doesn't belong to prison planet.tv because i i watched this unfold the day that alex had richard
belzer on the on the on the show that's right and the first thing that came to my mind i've never
seen a telethon or a marathon where they didn't have a camera up high watching the runners come
in that's a very good point yeah that camera was covered up because it was in it was in the spot
where the bomb was to go off yeah and they knew that ahead of time yeah it was either also i want
to see the dash cam of these guys throwing bombs out the window yes that's exactly what i said i
want to see the dash cam of the bombs being thrown out i want to see the dash cam of the younger
brother running over the other brother i mean they should have all this stuff on tape somewhere
well even going back further than that you remember when they finally did get around to
their press conference that they delayed and then delayed again as we're releasing photographs they
were telling people don't look at any of the other photographs but in their own uh what they were
telling us to look at it really wasn't very credible i mean he had the wrong color backpack
the younger brother has a very casual attitude as he's walking along and uh it just it just didn't
make any sense you know when they had it and at the press conference you had a reporter ask the
fbi uh representative what time it was put down and he was kind of vague on that well it was
sometime around you know close to when the explosion happened do you have a picture of
the bag being put down no no they didn't have you know or they weren't releasing it so why haven't
we seen a picture of the bag being put down i mean they keep showing this picture of the two uh
brothers walking around the corner of a building and a couple of feet down a sidewalk and that's
it and yet we're supposed to take wrong color with the wrong color bag and yet that's conclusive
evidence that these guys did the bombing and and the press is reporting this as the guys who did
the bombing they're not even using the word alleged yeah and as far as the evidence let's
find out who this naked man was because there is speculation the aunt i believe has identified the
naked man as one of her relatives and yes as the older brother but you're not talking about that
anymore it came out on uh i think believe it was cnn a few days ago and it hasn't been talked about
since as far as i know that's right mike did you have anything else it's just like i was watching
cnn this morning wait for alex to come on and you know they were interviewing these guys and every
everybody that they interviewed kept passing the buck you know that wasn't my department and you
know that was a different district and uh they had a long rifle and of course they had to bring
the long rifle into the scene there's a long rifle in the car you know it's just it's just so full of
holes that this thing isn't gonna float the fact it's gonna float about as good as that boat
absolutely but you you say that they've got their uh their their agenda coming out already
uh last thursday when the house had the cispa act you had the uh chair of the house committee on
homeland security saying well we had real bombs now but the digital bombs are coming so we've
got to pass cispa then you've got uh the guy who was a co-sponsor of cispa coming on and talking
yesterday uh about uh all these dangers and everything how this has got to be put in so
they've got an agenda they even tried to tie this into other firearms you know say these guys didn't
have the proper licenses for their handguns so therefore we've got to have uh you know more
licenses i guess we're going to have uh pressure cookers banned next and uh black powder for making
uh ammunition oh yeah that's a that's a real yeah this is the thing too absolutely well thank you
mike we have to move on to uh let's go to david in alaska david are you there can you hear me
yes yes uh yes i got a question uh maybe you could help quote either the in the constitution
or in the declaration of independence now i could be wrong i don't know which one it's in
but i know that it's been written and set in stone saying we are being able to bear arms
for the reason that if in case one day the government gets too big and too controlling
and tyrannical that we are obligated as our u.s citizen right to to form a militia to fight back
to reach to regain well the uh declaration of independence you know they always have you uh
memorize in school the part of that these rights are inalienable rights okay and that
but they don't have you uh memorize the second half of that first paragraph which says that when
a government uh is destructive of these rights it is the right of the duty the right and the duty
of the people to alter or abolish that government they don't want you to memorize that part of it
but when you talk about the constitution really the militia and the second amendment comes in in
two places it's not just the second amendment but it was also in article one section eight and what
it said there was that the federal government would not organize an army and fund it for more
than two years at a time they were allowed to organize and fund permanently a navy to protect
our borders and protect us from invasion but they understood that a standing army and if you look at
the federalist papers and the debates on the constitution you'll see that they understood
that a standing army would eventually be used as an instrument of oppression they had already
experienced that from the british and they knew that that would happen again and so they
knew that that would happen again and so they did not want a permanent standing army and you can see
that in the farewell address of eisenhower that he was very concerned about that about a permanent
military industrial complex and how that was going to be run for profit so that's something that is
really kind of came into play after world war ii we've had a constant standing army and it's been
involved in constant war ever since then and and now that war is coming home now that military
industrial complex is starting to fund itself with domestic operations and we're going to see
that happen we'll be right back in just a few minutes we're going to take some more calls
in the last two years alone the us has seen huge losses to our food supply in 2011 storms and
floods raged across the us costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone in 2012 we saw the largest
drought in the country in more than 50 years you may think out of sight out of mind and so you
don't think you will be affected the fact is you are we all are food shortages drive prices up for
everyone you might not be able to control mother nature but you can control your food prices by
freezing the cost and availability of your food supply with e foods direct be prepared before
you need it with nutrient-dense food you can store for up to 25 years you can hope for the best but
hope won't feed you do what i've done and get your own supply of the best durable foods out
there from e foods direct call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at e foods direct.com
forward slash alex and check out their spring specials again that number is 800-409-5633
or on the web at e foods direct.com forward slash alex you can bet your life on e foods direct
are you an inventor or do you know an inventor who would like to attempt to have an invention or idea
patented and submitted to industry for free information on how to proceed phone toll-free
1-800-977-6119 invent help america's leading invention company has inventors information
you can have free get an informative brochure and other material of interest to new inventors from
the company whose patent referrals have helped secure more than 7000 patents learn how to get
your free information by dialing 1-800-977-6119 that's 1-800-977-6119 even if you only have an
idea for improving an existing product and don't know where to go with it you'll want this free
inventors information it shows how invent help may assist you in trying to patent your invention
and submit it to industry it's a free call that's 1-800-977-6119 1-800-977-6119
time and time again you need to come here and help us we need assistance please
those we should be able to depend on let us down federal and state and local officials saying help
is on the way well the folks here in bell harbor say show me don't depend on the government to
save you take action now so that you're prepared for the next disaster with mypatriotsupply.com
get the best prices on storable food non-gmo seeds water filtration devices home canning
equipment survival and self-reliance books and more at mypatriotsupply.com call 866-229-0927
we are hurting down here and we need help immediately before it's time to survive
it's time to prepare mypatriotsupply.com mypatriotsupply.com
all right we're back i'm david knight going to the studio here with jakari jackson and we're
taking your calls and let's go right to mike in california mike had we talked to you before or
is this a different mike in california uh this is a different mike okay how you doing oh good hey
first of all you guys are playing some great music for the intro thanks but uh i just want to say i
i caught something in the fbi press conference uh after they caught the suspect uh reporter asked
how did the suspect get away and they said he got away on foot so if he got away on foot then how is
it possible that he also ran over his brother trying to get away yeah that that was real iffy
to me because there is speculation that maybe he was driving and then hopped out the car then
proceeding on foot but even if he did proceed on foot i mean with that many officers around i mean
the dragnet of that i'm just not sure how he could get away with that many officers around him
especially if they had any type of helicopter coverage yeah and even with the house-to-house
gestapo tactics that they were doing you know pulling people out of their houses at gunpoint
they didn't find him yeah it was the guy said hey i think there's somebody in my boat you know
he turned him in i mean it's citizens who found him right anything else you wanted to say mike
yeah yeah uh well first of all they were also already engaged in a firefight so i don't see
the guy getting away without being shot but also i'm wondering oh michelle obama has no official
capacity whatsoever she's not elected she has no authority whatsoever what right did she have to
go in there and see somebody that was a person of interest in a massive terrorist plot without you
know how does she get in through the back door into the hospital like this well she you know
it's just a photo op and you know something to talk about just like he says he has no elected
office he's you know the wife of the president yeah yeah absolutely well thank you mike appreciate
it let's go to josh and georgia josh are you there hey there hey how are you hi what you got
um well uh uh i've been better yeah been for the last week or uh just it's horrible uh but
so what i wanted to do is uh kind of uh plug here i've got a uh page on uh facebook that i started
in a group and it's called the name of it is the constitution is alive granted i know it's not a
living document but if if the constitution dies so does this country is the the idea that i was
going with um also email it at hotmail the same name um and what it is uh i'm trying i've been
getting in contact with uh various national and local groups as well as trying to contact um
uh senators and legislators uh about uh having a national rally on july 4th uh i feel that that
that date will send an even greater message than you know some any other day of the year especially
for this nation uh for us to march on our state capitals i feel that uh if you can make it to
washington that that'll be great but uh if you can't can't make the cross-country trek uh state
capitals of work uh for gun owners across america to finally stand up and and to have our voice be
heard where we can absolutely and your voice is going to be heard better at the state level than
it is at the federal level i mean we've seen that over and over again there are some legislators at
the state level we have some people here in texas who are trying to fight uh the tsa's uh
overreaching violation of the fourth amendment and uh other things and and so you do have some
people who are pushing back against federal usurpation of power and overreach and they're
at the state level so you need to really get involved there and support those people
and then i have been uh i haven't haven't really gotten any uh any feedback uh from uh from anybody
uh any politically wise uh yet but um we'll keep trying and tell people on your facebook page to
uh work against cispa that's the thing that's in the targets right now right well that's it for
today thanks for joining us and stay tuned for more developments tonight info wars nightly news
at 7 p.m central 8 p.m eastern thank you for listening to gcn visit gcnlive.com today
so introducing pro one all of your filtration in one system portable on the go no more do you have
two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride you have a system that cuts out the
sodium fluoride and up to 95 percent of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing
technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media
for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element it is the only one that does
it and out of the gates we have it discounted at 10 off with promo code water this is the only
system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides herbicides chloramines ammonia and
chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride
filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate get your pro pure with a new pro one filter today
at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139
