Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
I'm going to be honest with you. My head is spinning right now. I am having a lot of trouble
processing and dealing with the off-the-chart magnitude of craziness going on in this world
and reading the news day in, day out, in the morning, noon, and night, being aware of what's
going on and then not even being able to process it all at once is truly, truly mind-boggling
on so many fronts. But I read a bill this morning, and Melissa Melton's doing an article
about this. SB 63, here in Texas, and this is being passed all over the country, California
was the first last year, to where the government can come and get your 10-year-old to consent
to a vaccine, even if you say no, saying the child, and this is a UN revolution, where
they say children can give consent to sex, they can give consent to drugs, they can give
consent to vaccines, they can give consent to abortions.
Now, you have statutory rape. You have contributing to the delinquency of a minor. You have all
of this historically, and it's on the books, it's in common law, it's in the state laws,
and you read this. This is just one of the outrageous here in front of me, the government
releasing 10,000 violent illegal aliens, the warrantless wiretapping, the draconian gun
grabbing laws, the 85 billion to foreign megabanks of our taxpayer money every month, the designed
tyranny being brought in.
You read this, and it says the child may consent to the child's own immunization, and then
it goes on to just say the child can do whatever they want. And it also pushes giving pregnant
women tetanus shots, which they've always known causes miscarriages. And they also,
in the legislation, say that all childcare workers or anyone around children, football
coaches, YMCA workers, if you work around children, they're already doing this now,
the hospitals are making anybody that works there take shots outside of law.
Some states have passed laws, the first ones making you take shots, now it's anybody involved
in childcare. They're going to make the government and the globalist on record with all their
secret experiments against us. They're trying to set the precedent where you will put in
your body what they say. I mean, it is incredible, it is so off the charts.
So I'm gonna be covering this in the shower. I'm gonna get into all the other big news
first, and then we've got Ted Nugent. He called in Sunday, but he's on with us today. Ted
Nugent, one of the most prominent leaders of the Second Amendment movement, you can
disagree with some of his politics, but not on the Second Amendment.
And he is definitely a target of the system in many, many, many different ways. And the
establishment is coming after Ted Nugent. And so we've got to hang together, hang separate,
he's gonna be joining us in the second hour. And then talk about a power pack show, Gerald
Salente joining us live from Kingston, New York in the third hour.
It's a taped interview I did with Nugent because he can only do it in the afternoon after the
show, or he can do it live Friday. And I'm gonna be working tomorrow part of the day,
but Mike Adams is sitting in and do a great job sitting in here. The Health Rangers got
a big show lined up for you.
And so that is basically coming up today. Gerald Salente and Ted Nugent here on the
broadcast today. We are live. It is Thursday, the last day of February 2013. We're already
about to be in the third month of 2013, the Ides of March. Beware them. All right, get
ready to plunge into the full transmission on the other side.
Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system, portable on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal-Ben
Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
GetSimplySafe.com. Simply Safe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power
so even if the grid goes down, you are protected. It's completely customizable so you can
use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed. GetSimplySafe.com.
Simply Safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes so there's
no need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take
the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home but Simply Safe will stand
guard protecting your property 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com.
Live from Austin, Texas, broadcasting worldwide, it's Alex Jones.
Monday through Friday from 11 a.m. until 2 p.m. Central Standard Time, we are here live,
ladies and gentlemen. Again, thank you so much for joining us today.
All right, where to start? Wow, we've got Gerald Cilente joining us live in the third
hour today. We have Ted Nugent coming back on the broadcast after he called in, listening
to the Sunday show. I guess he was listening on 590 a.m. here locally. He lives north of
Austin, Texas, lived in Texas now for 10 years. This is a taped interview because he couldn't
do it when I was live yesterday. So he did it taped. It's very, very powerful and it
will premiere in the next hour.
Paul Watson is going to be popping in about this report that's up at Infowars.com right
now that has gotten almost no attention. Tech guru warns of Internet disaster. Scientist
Danny Hillis calls for Internet Plan B in times of emergency. And then Paul Watson links
to articles that I and he wrote more than six, seven years ago with the Internet2MIT
DARPA Consortium publicly meeting at conferences with the minutes of the meetings saying there
would be staged attacks on the Web and a pretext to build a new government global Homeland
Security system that government is on and select corporations Internet2 that they will
then shut down the old Web, forcing everyone on to the new Web with the new systems where
you have no basic liberties.
So it's like either taking an existing road over and making it a toll road or building
some other lanes next to a road and then not repairing the other road and then finally
shutting the old road down. Instead of letting the old road build, they bring in cybersecurity
to choke the old road, to shut it down, to pot market, to put surveillance grids in it.
And they cite Stuxnet is why they have to take the Web over when the Pentagon with Israel
launched Stuxnet a year and a half ago. So there is all of that news as well that we
are going to be breaking down here today.
And I'm going to get Paul Watson to pop in. And Paul Watson is such a prolific writer
and researcher of the incredible crew I've got. He is the best. And I just want to recognize
him as our most valuable player in the fight for liberty. But still, he tends to underplay
things. And I'm like, look, reality is sensational. Go with what it is, because we're not tabloid.
In fact, nine times out of ten, we underestimate. I mean, look at this headline. Tech guru warns
of Internet disaster. Scientist Annie Hill calls for Internet Plan B in times of emergency.
The headline should be Infowars.com prediction comes true. Globalists plan to kill the old
Web to force you on the new Web. And then we give all their quotes and all their background
on this. I mean, they've been talking about this. I learned about Internet to take over
the first time they met in 2000. Then a few years later, they met in Austin and I actually
went to the conference.
OK, and I mean, off record, they're like, of course, we're going to shut down the old
Web and bring in a corporate one. It's going to be like a glorified cable box where you're
only going to have big platforms like Yahoo, like Google. And then you'll have a sub domain
on it, but you'll have no rights and everything surveilled on it. Again, people keep asking,
Alex, how do you keep knowing what's going to happen? How how do you keep predicting
all this? Are are you CIA? Are you are how do you know?
Ladies and gentlemen. I read their white papers and their own publications, the globalist
operate like you don't exist and like you're a dumb animal. They operate like you were
the stupidest person on the planet. And listen, I'm frustrated because I've been around people
in business that don't know about politics or geopolitical systems or history of the
world who do know about everything else and who are really smart.
OK. I'm always amazed at how smart people are about general things, but then there's
there's like a blank spot when it comes to larger systems in history. And it's because
they are nice people. They cannot imagine that that things are actually this horrible.
And if you study criminology, that's why women get in the car. With the serial killer, because
he's wearing a suit, serial killers know to go out and wear a suit, have clean cut hair,
drive a nice car.
Women will get in the car with you. In fact, the more evil you are, the quicker they'll
get in the car because they misjudge the confidence in their biology. Women at a subconscious
level and a genetic level are looking for aggressive, powerful killers. But but but
not of women. They're looking for predators that will protect them and be a powerful warrior.
The problem is a psychopath is a is a genetic anomaly that has a warrior type battle system
and high IQ and silver tongue, but is a predator that just wants to feed on the innocent. Not
a predator that wants to defend their own family and be a predator against tyrants.
They are a twisted warrior. But I'm now digressing. Ladies and gentlemen, Ted Nugent coming up,
Gerald Cilente as well. Now let's stop right there. No, it's not the Ted Nugent when he
called in Sunday. It's a new Ted Nugent. Ted Nugent's coming back on. Big interview. Why
do I know? I taped it.
He couldn't come on during a live show. Again, it's a tape show. Great job the crew did.
And that is coming up. But then I'm live with Gerald Cilente after that. I'll actually have
a lunch hour, but I'm not really gonna have a lunch hour. I'm gonna be running around
doing 15 different things during an hour. I'm having meetings and recording some key
reports now. Because reality rests for no man or woman. Now, speaking of thinking you're
stupid, speaking of building this technocracy, admitting it's a technocracy, admitting that
it's anti-human, admitting that it's nightmarish.
They then separately sit there on the news and all the magazines going, none of it exists,
none of it's happening. I mean, years after the illegal unconstitutional Geneva Convention
violating, international law violating, drones killing innocent people, collateral damage,
all of it, Skynet being developed and tested.
Gibbs, I played the clip a few days ago. Can you guys cue that back up? Thank you. It's
only like 35 seconds long. Gibbs goes on MSNBC and says, which is basically White House run
and says, hey, I was told to say this didn't exist, which was ridiculous cuz publicly it
existed for years.
It's like saying Grand Central Station doesn't exist in New York. It's like saying it's a
conspiracy theory that the Dallas Cowboys had Tom Landry as their coach. Anybody knows
that's not true. So the question is, why do they do that? To just get you used to being
lied to, learned helplessness, mass Stockholm syndrome, normalcy bias.
They're trying to get you used to troops on the streets, checkpoints, craziness, huge
cancer rate increases, forcibly giving your kids shots in public schools. That's now about
to happen in Texas. This is incredible, and around the rest of the country. And giving
women shots that they know for 50 years give you miscarriage is a very high percentage
of the time.
They're talking about making it the law to give pregnant women tetanus shots when it's
a death sentence for that baby. And everybody's like, yeah, okay, so 20% of women that take
it, 25% or so, have a miscarriage. And they're just gonna normalize, maybe even arresting
the woman. Now when they give baby shots for 30 something years, and they have a convulsion
and die in the hospital, they just cover it up and say they don't know what it is.
Or if it happens in the car, they arrest you. And even the cops now know, would you just
come from the hospital getting shots? I'm still gonna arrest you. It's all like a big
joke. We didn't just kill your kid with sudden infant death syndrome. We're gonna charge
you with a felony when we just murdered your kid.
I mean, SIDS didn't exist till they went up to over 20 shots. You say, listen, they don't
give me 20, they give more like nine or ten. Well, a lot of them are triple shots. But
they're putting up to 20 different things in your baby. And notice, a lot of kids can
fight it off when they're first born.
They've got all mama's hormones in them, they're tough, everything. They've been feeding off
mama's placenta. But man, they come in six months later, boy, they get that shot, baby's
dead. Baby goes home, blood on the brain. They do an autopsy, there's blood all in the
brain.
Well, we know in the inserts, this doesn't matter. Let's put some handcuffs on you right
now. We're gonna make you do hard time. And that judge knows full well, okay, another
mother, we killed their kids, we killed their daughter or son. Line them up, get ready for
prison, 20 years in prison.
And the jury, conviction, you're gone, doing hard time. Yeah, and now we're gonna give
you tetanus shots, got the bills right here. Texas, other states, they're already passing
these in some states. They're gonna give your kids shots without consent. I'm gonna be covering
this at the bottom of the hour.
They're gonna be doing it all. And they're gonna make anybody who's in childcare from
little league coaches to people that work at the YMCA, everybody, you're gonna take
whatever list of shots they say. It's over 56 of them right now. And you're gonna get
cancer and you're gonna die.
And you're gonna thank the government. And you're gonna cower when the police in black
uniforms come and give you the shots forcibly. Yes, you're gonna love it. The cops are gonna
take all the shots and die too. And they're gonna watch babies die and love it cuz they're
good guys. The government's good.
And I'm wrong to not think they're good. Let's play Gibbs. Here's Gibbs laughing about Wizard
of Oz. I'm lying to you. Here it is.
When I went through the process of becoming press secretary, one of the first things they
told me was, you're not even to acknowledge the drone program. You're not even to discuss
that it exists. And so I would get a question like that and literally I couldn't tell you
what major asked because once I figured out it was about the drone program, I realized
I'm not supposed to talk about it. But here's what's inherently crazy about that proposition.
You're being asked a question based on reporting of a program that exists, right? So you're
the official government spokesperson acting as if the entire program, pay no attention
to the man behind the curtain.
And there is a public program in every government in eco science. I just gave you sources where
they weaponize vaccines to soft kill you, where it kills you six months, two years down
the road, or gives you degenerative disorders. I mean, they're all off the charts. They're
killing us. It's a fact. And now they're gonna up the ante and kill us even faster. We're
all being bug poisoned right now.
And when we come back, they're now saying Sarah Palin's crazy. There's no 2 billion
bullets. They say, yeah, there are bullets, but it discredits you that you're right. They
say, Jones is discredited, but there are the bullets. And you're like, where's your proof?
Well, you're right. That's what makes you wrong. Introducing pro wine, all of your filtration
in one system, portable on the go. No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce
sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydro
fluorescent acid, advanced manufacturing technology, combined silver impregnated white ceramic
with new aqua medics, advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals, all in
one filter element. It is the only one that does it and out of the gates. We have a discounted
at 10% off with promo code water. This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce
or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid,
the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexa
Florida silicate. Get your pro pure with a new pro one filters today at info war store.com
or by calling 888-253-3139 weekend by GMOs stressed out about money and blasted by the
electric environment. Hi, I'm Pastor Jenny. And that was the state I was in back in 2010.
Then I learned about RNA drops. I learned that 97% of my DNA that scientists have called
junk is actually packed with millions of gene switches that play a critical role in controlling
how my cells, organs and other tissues behave. I learned I don't have to put up with disease
decay or decline like I'd been conditioned to believe. I began taking RNA drops a 100%
natural formula designed to turn on those switches and provide me with amazing health
and joy. Learn more about RNA drops and order a free sample today. Visit RNA free sample
dot com. That's RNA free sample dot com or call toll free 888-577-3703. Pay only shipping
and handling for a free 30 day supply of RNA drops. Get the information you need and the
health you want at RNA free sample dot com. Stop the pain from broken, chipped and damaged
nails with a revolutionary new nail hardener, Nails of Steel. Apply just one drop of Nails
of Steel over natural or polished nails and go. With Nails of Steel, there's virtually
no drying time and it's guaranteed. Order this all natural, anti-fungal and herbal formula
for women and men at Nails of Steel dot com. That's Nails of Steel dot com. Nails of Steel.
It's like a salon in a bottle.
Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered why banks, stockbrokers, investment advisors
won't talk about gold IRAs? They've been available since 1986, yet the financial industry
won't recognize the value of gold for your retirement. Gold has outperformed paper investments,
yet no word about IRAs. If you would like to have gold for your retirement, call 800-686-2237.
Don't get left behind by rising inflation and low returns, call 800-686-2237. Secure
your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
Social unrest, food shortages, political turmoil, EMPs, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, fires,
riots, flooding. It's not a matter of if, but when. What if it happened right now? Would
you have the supplies to survive off the grid? Off the grid dot com is the place to go for
the widest selection of survival supplies at rock bottom prices. Head over to off the
grid dot com for survival kits, first aid supplies, dried food, water filters and purifiers,
gas masks, solar and crank radios, solar generators, ammo, knives, stun guns, pepper sprays, hacks
and bags, fire starters, a library of books and a whole lot more. Get free same day shipping
on all orders over $75. Enter promo code radio at checkout and receive an additional 5% discount
off our already lowest in the industry prices. Off the grid dot com, proud to stand shoulder
to shoulder with you as we protect our Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic.
Alex Jones here back live. The websites are info awards dot com, prison planet dot com
and streaming video at prison planet dot TV. We are the tip of the spear against the eugenics,
soft killed, ambient murder operation going on. And you can just type in government programs,
UN caught adding sterilants, UN caught adding viruses, UN caught adding live polio. And
it's all mainstream news over the last 50 years, just exterminating people everywhere.
And now they're doing it to us here. Think about it. It's not enough to kill people's
kids with your shots that their own studies and inserts say it does. You got to take the
parents to jail after you murder their kid or brain damage them. Good job. I salute you
New World Order. Yeah. But hey, you know, you can argue the parents deserve it. This
government's on record testing Kim bios on third world countries, black people, whites,
Hispanics, doesn't matter.
Live syphilis injecting people radiating little children in the 50s, 60s and 70s. They haven't
declassified anything since then. It's much worse now. It's like a government that's been
taught, you know, 4300 plus foster kids, the Department of Energy from the 40s through
the 70s, taken foster kids and frying them.
Some of the radiation tests, they did them from a little bit to a lot, would kill the
kid dying screaming in a matter of minutes. I mean, putting them in a radiation chamber,
frying little kids clawing at the walls as you fry and murder a child. As they cook like
a microwave and they get a white film on their eyes. But everything's OK. The government's
nice. They're going to take care of me. Drink my fluoride water. Eat my aspartame that on
records causing type 2 diabetes to explode.
It's fun when your wife gets cancer. It's fun when your kids get cancer. It's fun when
your neighbors get it. It's a fun thing. Let's just take it lying down. Let's not get upset.
Let's not get angry. That's extreme. Murdering little kids isn't extreme. Me getting upset.
It's extreme. Me getting freaked out by the legislation that Melissa Melton brought me
this morning.
And I went and looked it up. It's introduced in Texas for forced inoculations. Every child
care worker. If you work at a Mr. Gaddy's and kids are around, you got to take shots.
If you work at the YMCA, you got to take shots. I mean, just the end of everything. Total
tyranny. The cops are in the uniforms. They're ready. They're coming. They love it. Child
sized targets to shoot. Old women targets. Checkpoints. They're tough. They're ready.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They win. They win every time. America's theirs.
And they run Al-Qaeda publicly. That's all over the news. But I'm on talk shows. How
dare you say 9-11's an inside job and our government did it. Our government doesn't
exist. It's run by a bunch of psycho New World Order people. Of course they run Al-Qaeda.
And now it's all over the news. It was the U.S. security force over Benghazi that went
and killed the stupid.
I mean, I say stupid. The ambassador is there giving weapons to Al-Qaeda. That was his job.
And so they wanted him dead. That was a hit. That was a White House murder. It's the only
way to look at it. You look at the evidence. That's what it is. That's what's going on.
Of course, they didn't get more security. It was the Benghazi security funded by the
State Department and the CIA that came over there and killed the ambassador. They got
rid of the bag man that gave him over 10,000 heat seeking missiles.
They murdered him and they happened to fight back for eight hours and it got embarrassing
as CENTCOM sat there watching their own troops and people get killed. And we're saying, why
don't we give them aid? And the White House said, stand down, just like the USS Liberty
in 1967. And then it's all, they said they didn't know, but they did. And they ordered
to stand down for eight hours. Of course they did. Their people went to kill everybody in
the compound.
But you don't think they won't kill an ambassador to cover something up when they put cancer
viruses in your vaccines? And when your kid has a autoimmune response and blood on the
brain, we've had brain surgeons on about this like Blalock. The insert says it, does it,
and your child has a convulsion. They even take people's kids. There are other kids that
live. When the kid has a convulsion in the clinic, they'll call the police and go, did
you just beat your child outside of here?
Give them a shot. You're waiting while the other kids get shot. Junior falls down, starts
flopping around, or the toddler falls down, you're going to jail. You're like, hey, did
that shot do it? Shut up, handcuffs are on you right now. I'm such a good officer. The
government's so good. Yeah, they're so good. Thank you, government, you're so loving. I
love you so much. It's a sick freak world, man.
And then there's AP, there's Washington Post. There's all of them going, Alex Jones is discredited.
Sarah Palin is discredited. These people are cooks. They are caught lying about 2 billion
bullets.
Then you read the article, got a new one, Politico. Fed's media rebuts Sarah Palin's
stockpiling bullets claim. And then it goes on to say, well, they are buying the bullets,
but it's no big deal. And then never say the amount's 2 billion and only talk about a few
thousand by one agency and say that's no big deal. I mean, this is written just like the
Washington Post one and the AP one with total deception. Total deception to their readers
just abusing them. We bought a couple hundred thousand bullets. Sarah Palin is a coop. We
always buy that. You bought 2 billion.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
I had tried everything. I'd cut back the amount of food I was eating. I was lifting weights
and jogging, but nothing was working. My body was literally starving for minerals and trace
elements as well as key vitamins. And as soon as I had that, I immediately could eat half
of what I was eating previously and be satisfied. Now, there are hundreds of great products
at info worst team dot com. But I want to point out the three that have helped me lose
thirty seven pounds in just two months. Products like Beyond Tangy Tangerine, Holland Burst
and Rebound. When I started taking the Tangy Tangerine and other products every day, I
lost more than thirty seven pounds in just two months. Now that's results. I want to
challenge my listeners to go to info wars team dot com and to order just three of their
products. And you will see the changes in the way you look, the way you look, the way
you see the changes in the way you look, feel and in your appetite almost immediately. Start
your journey to health and wellness today. Info wars team dot com.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing
a full selection of silver based products. Our most popular silver based products are
our two ounce nano silver solutions, our two ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well
as our all natural silver soaps. Just released is our one hundred percent natural silver
gel. Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and
leave the silver at the surface. But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the
natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the
silver while delivering the silver more effectively. Visit www dot silver lungs dot com and click
on our store page to find what silver based products are best for you. That's www dot
silver lungs dot com. Your freedoms are on the line. The Second Amendment is in danger.
How soon before your freedoms are taken away? What can you not live without? What is your
greatest dependency? Is it your guns? Is it your home? No, it's food. It all boils down
to the food supply. Tyrannical governments control people by controlling their food supply.
Don't be dependent. Be self-sufficient. Don't wait for the government to feed you,
feed yourself. I can warn you, but I can't feed you. Do like Alex has done and get a
supply of food from e Foods Direct. It's the best long term storable food on the planet.
Get the popular mega patriot pack free. A 24 day supply of food plus stove, cook pot
and fuel. Call 800-409-5633 or go to efoods direct dot com slash Alex and get up to 20
mega patriot packs free with purchase. Build your food supply. Be in control. Be self-sufficient
and be a patriot. Call 800-409-5633 or efoods direct dot com slash Alex and get your free
patriot pack today. We are on the march. The empire is on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN
radio network. All right. Alex Jones here back live in full wars dot com is the tip
of the spear. Thank you for spreading the word about it out there during the three minute
break. This is what I was doing. I walked back to Melissa Melton's desk who is working
on this next report from full wars dot com. And, you know, we don't just see a report
about, hey, they're going to make pregnant women take tetanus shots. We know the whole
background. So she was pulling up mainstream articles from the last 15, 20 years that are
online of where the U.N. officially calls the tetanus shot the birth control shot.
It's official that they tell women it's a tetanus shot and they add a female hormone.
This is official. She's writing an article about it. It's not denied that then sterilizes
you because it attacks the gland that releases the hormone that's needed at the start of
the second trimester. So you're not really sterilized. You have you have miscarriage
after miscarriage after miscarriage after miscarriage.
And they the U.N. talks it up because in Africa and Latin America and poor areas, second
trimester miscarriages and also the inflammation in the gland can kill the woman. So it's an
added goodie, an added goodie. And so we are being assaulted and they are aborting us as
adults. They are killing you with the aspartame that they're now going to put in the milk
and dairy without telling you it's all official. It's in over 10,000 products right now and
it absolutely kills baby Reese's monkeys.
They're murdering us. It's fun. It's it's it's a loving government. These are nice people.
And I think we should do whatever they say. You know, the attorney general is in the news
saying homegrown terrorists are the main threat now. No, it's it's white al-Qaeda folks.
They're everywhere. They think there's a new world order. They think the government wants
to hurt us. Oh, man, they're bad people. Just take your fluoride water and take this shot
and everything's going to be OK. All right.
We're good people, we promise. Hey, poor folks, did you like that payroll tax increase? Because
I promised I would raise your taxes.
Oh, they're so lovely. Oh, they're so good. Oh, oh, the Republicans are going to save
us. They're all bought and paid for by the very same people at the top. But there are
a lot of House members who are anti New World Order. And so the Republican leadership is
in the news today talking about how dreadful they are and how horrible they are.
Well, they're not for no child left behind to federalize education, which they passed
and paid off media to promote. Oh, and and and and they're not for bigger government
and Homeland Security takeovers. And oh, my gosh, and they're not for the U.N. Oh, what
are we going to do? What are we going to do? It's horrible.
So I need to settle down. I was very calm today until I saw. Which they say has a good
chance of passing just introduced last week. We've got SB number 63 and SB number 64. So
your child will give consent to get an immunization that your 10 year old will give consent and
the parents can't say anything now.
Now, again, this overturns even ancient Roman law, all British common law, European common
law. You can't come to a 10 year old, say, get my truck, get my van. I got candy. And
then some pedophile have sex with them and then say, well, the 10 year old said it was
OK. You're going to go to prison for life.
You can't kid give 10 or 11 year olds beer or 12 year olds or 14 year olds. That's contributing
to the delinquency of minors if you're not their parent. I mean, this is parental consent.
You got to get parental consent to go to the mall on a on a field trip or to go to the
zoo or the planetarium or the art museum or the dental office or to the factory.
Remember all those field trips in public school? And now, ladies and gentlemen, you still have
to have that. But the state is your mommy and your daddy. The federal court ruled they
can give your children laptops that you paid for and watch them at home without them knowing,
well, that's not 1984.
You see, and so many people now are scared of this or they feel powerless and they're
like, well, I'll just go along with it. Hey, listen, dummy. So many yuppies go, oh, well,
they're two people. Yeah. And like I said to Howard Stern the other day, I said, Howard,
you're being hit by this, too.
You know, did you get a warning not to drink this stuff, not to eat this stuff? And there's
like, oh, yeah, I guess. Yeah. Yeah. You think anybody's safe with this stuff going on? And
it's official. And then I've got where they're going to make the pregnant women.
You know, I have a crew member that we're going to Paul Watson. I have a crew member
who had a child premature. His wife did right at two pounds, barely lived. And they've been
trying for a month with this baby in the hospital to give it shots. And they say, you're not
taking the kid because the baby girl lived, thank God, is doing good. By the grace of
God, your prayers. Thank you for your prayers. And they said, you're not leaving and we're
going to take the child. You don't take shots. Now, he hadn't played the card of, hey, I
work for Alex Jones. You know, hey, I've been recording you all this. We're going to see
what they do. But there is no law. And of course, you don't give a preemie vaccines,
period. But see, a lot of hospitals is coming out now won't give a homeless person treatment
when they have a heart attack.
It's all quiet. Wink, wink, let them die. They're killing people everywhere. They're
killing old people, you name it. And so whether they know it or not, this attitude comes with
killing that baby. But it's the government in the hospital. So it's like, if they kill
that baby, folks, they'll just send him to jail and his wife. The baby has the autoimmune
response, blood on the brain, goes into convulsions.
The cops are going to slam his face in the ground and feel good while he's going to jail.
And if he says, hey, the shots may have killed my baby, they won't admit they've done this.
They'll go, shut up, scum. Get your mouth shut. Because they can't admit they work for
the people killing the baby. I've had enough of them. And you people out there who've got
egg on your face saying, I screwed up blowing up at Piers Morgan, I wish I'd have blown
up at him more.
As God is my witness, I should have said, listen, you red coat trash. You've been sent
here to disarm us and I know it and I see through you. I know, so stop playing games
with me. I held back and I shouldn't have. But it still got the sleeping giant to kind
of halfway wake up out of its trance.
Our forebears went through a lot less than this. And they were getting armed going around
saying, it's time to fight back. It's time to kill people. And we're like, Paul Revere,
George Washington. I'm simply saying, don't let him give your kids shots. Here's the evidence.
Please listen to me. It's like, that guy's extreme. That guy's, of course you bet I'm
extreme, man. I got empathy that's deep. I'm not a mile wide and inch deep, folks. I'm
a mile wide and a million miles deep.
And you are too, you just don't know it. This gets to me. This freaks me out. This is normal.
This is normal. This is normal. I care enough about freedom cuz I don't wanna be a slave.
I'm not a hero. This is normal. Ladies and gentlemen, I care enough about the future.
I care enough about our society. I care enough about our culture and the pure evil not be
able to take over.
And it's not even fear, but there is that, my God, it's gonna get really bad. It's self
preservation. Cuz it's not a fear. It's I better resist these people. I better figure
out the best way to fight them. I better really tell people how it is instead of mincing words.
Go to Watson here in a minute. I just read these bills and then I've got the UN bragging
here and the CDC. Update on immunization and pregnancy tetanus, diphtheria, pertussis vaccination
recommended for women. Update on immunization pregnancy.
See, they still at the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, they hadn't
gotten with the program four years ago as saying, give pregnant women shots. Everybody
knew you didn't do that. Cuz I mean, they used to do it when they had miscarriages or
the baby died and then had to be removed.
It's an abortion. And they said, well, now we're saying give it all, especially to women,
even though they go on to admit that it can hurt the baby. See, the Aztecs said we're
gonna chop people's hearts out. It was normal cuz everybody went along with it. And if you
showed up, they had normalcy bias and if you could speak Mayan, the overculture and you
said, hey, don't chop their hearts out.
The moon is a big rock that orbits our planet. It's not a god. You don't have to chop hearts
out every time the moon comes up or the sun comes up. It's a gas ball. They would say
you're crazy. We all agree that the god needs the blood of children and women and men. And
they also sold the meat. They hung the folks up like lunch meat. And that was how the priest
classmate, their money was off the sale of human flesh.
You would be crazy, just like I'm crazy. I'm like, this is really bad, folks. They're like,
those are doctors. They care about the children. I'm like, really? Here's the document where
they're killing you. And the average doctor doesn't even know. They're just compartmentalized
idiots. And the kid has a convulsion. Now they're telling doctors, cuz they're souping
up the vaccines.
This came out last year. It's normal. Tell people that a convulsion may be normal. But
if your kid has a convulsion, when you take them out of the hospital, which happens most
of the time, about ten hours later, eight hours later, they're gonna take your kids,
even if they live. Now they're gonna tell you, now there may be a convulsion. When you
go in, you're sitting there. Now, your baby may have a convulsion tonight, okay? Or even
today, it's quite normal. Hey, there you go. Thank you very much for visiting. Thank you,
doctor, in your priest suit, your white priest robe. Thank you, Lucifer. Wearing a Lucifer
robe. Thank you, Lucifer, in your white robes. Saturday is the black robes of the judge.
Thank you, Lucifer. Wearing a Lucifer rug. Wearing a Lucifer robe. I mean, see, that's
what's wrong when you know all this stuff. It's all symbols. It's all in your face, the
double snakes, the helix and the DNA.
They knew that thousands of years ago. They didn't just discover that. You got these dumb
down lower level priest class doctors who don't even know what they're part of. And
we have to sit here and watch all of this unfold and watch all of this go on. I'm tired
of it. I've had enough of it. They're killing us. Look at the numbers. They're killing us.
CBS News, aspartame gives you top new diabetes. But Michelle Obama, she says cut your calories,
not, hey, you can't have aspartame.
If they came out and said that, I'd be like, whoa, okay, okay, they're not bad. They're
waking up to eugenics. They're not. They are eugenicist. And so all these bills are being
introduced. All this is happening. It passed in California. They give little kids shots.
Do you want a shot? Do you want the candy? You don't want to die, do you? I guess all
right, I'll take the shot. All right, now you could get a little sick.
They have them sign a form. That's in this bill. To your 10 year old, sign the form.
Imagine the devil coming to a 10 year old. You sign the contract. You can't give consent.
A 10 year old can't walk into a Corvette dealership and say, I want that $70,000 Corvette and
sign their name. They can't walk into a liquor store. They can't walk in and buy a gun. They
don't have the age of consent. They don't have the age of consent. They don't have the
age of consent. They don't have the age of consent.
I mean, this is literally like the government acting like a pedophile. And then they just
do it. All right, I'm gonna shut up and go to Paul Watson. This is big breaking news.
And Paul, later in the article you break down, as we have documented over the past part of
the decade, Internet Plan B or Internet 2 would be a perfect excuse for authoritarians
to replace the current Wild West Internet system with a newly regulated censored structure
under which everyone would require permission and approval to operate a website.
Well, that's what they say since 2000 at Internet 2 Consortium. And I know you linked a couple
of our old articles here. But I want you or Steve or somebody to come out with another
headline explaining that protecting the Internet is the plan to kill the Internet because they've
said that. And then the threats they talk about now in this new fear mongering are threats
that they're engineering and saying, the power systems on the Internet, not true.
The gas systems on the Internet, not true. And then they use case point examples to put
their hub in to kill the old Internet, to shut it down with red tape, and then force
us on to the new highly controlled one. They say that. And this is not anywhere in the
technology publications. So we need to get this out.
But Paul Watson, I wanted you to comment on your tech guru warns of Internet disaster
scientist Danny Hillis calls for Internet plan B in times of emergency. He's one of
the backbone real consortium inventors of the Internet. And of course, he's out fear
mongering for him saying Stuxnet. We need to have the feds take over cybersecurity when
cybersecurity launched Stuxnet in a false flag operation. Paul Watson.
This is an interview that Danny Hillis, who basically created some of the first super
computers at MIT. He gave an interview to Michael Copeland of wired.com. And he said,
the threat is that there's gonna be this massive denial of service attack on the entire Internet.
Offered no proof for that. Of course, we know the Internet's not-
And Homeland's putting grids now, microgrids in to be able to do that. It's their Internet
kill switch on record. See, they couldn't shut it down. Now they are setting it up to
do that and then claim someone else did it.
Well, the new cybersecurity regulations that a lot of the major infrastructure companies
and bodies are having to adhere to are all based around the fact that the DHS invents
and runs all the regulations. But yeah, they're gonna be running a huge part of it. But he
basically said that we need a new Internet to kind of kick in as a backup generator if
the original one goes down.
Hey, this restaurant isn't working well that builds its own self and is the real World
Wide Web. We're gonna build a new one next door and then, by the way, somebody's gonna
burn down the old one. I'm sorry, go ahead.
And he says that hygiene will be required. And what that's gonna look like, basically,
you know what it's gonna look like-
Internet ID, Internet taxes, total control.
Yes, the Chinese system is the very thing Lieberman called for. I mean, it's insane.
You were talking about the denials over the bullet purchases. When Lieberman was pushing
the Chinese-style Internet, he called the concerns that it was gonna be a Chinese-style
Internet, quote, total misinformation. And then a day later, he goes on CNN and says,
why can't we shut down the Internet like China can into times of emergency?
So on the one hand, they call you a paranoid nutcase for being concerned about it. Then
the next day, they come out and say that very thing. So that's precisely what it's gonna
be, but-
There's even CNET news of CBS admitted and Declan McCulloch that the cybersecurity plan
they've wanted that Congress wouldn't pass, so Obama just says he's doing it. That's dictatorship,
but we're extreme for not liking it. Take your tetanus shot, folks, time to die. I mean,
that's no big deal either. Everything's fine, nothing to worry about, hidden in plain view.
That is exactly what their cybersecurity plan does is, quote, Chinese-style net censorship.
Well this is a quote from the New York Times, an editorial in 2009. What a new Internet
might look like is still widely debated, but one alternative would, in effect, create a
gated community where users would give up their anonymity and certain freedoms in return
for safety.
So that's exactly what it is. It's the end of anonymity, it's permission, it's a license
to use the Internet.
And then they kill the old web and force you on, and they always make the new slave system
the new trendy fashion thing of, I'm having my feet bound so I can't walk, I'm upper class
Chinese. Or, you know, I'm killing my baby girl, that's trendy. Or an abortion's trendy.
Hey, sticking your hand in a blender, it's so trendy. Slitting your throat is so trendy.
Go ahead.
Yeah, it's going to be a no-fly list for cyberspace. And what's rich about it, this is what this
tech guru talks about, one of the reasons why they want it, is because of all these
viruses that have emerged in the last few years. The last five of which, as were admitted,
were created by the US and Israel. Flames, Stuxnet, and the last three that emerged last
year, all created by the US and Israel.
So they're saying we need a new Internet, a new secure Internet with no freedoms because
of cybersecurity. And then they're launching all the cybersecurity attacks.
Hey, hey, Kurt, four years ago wrote an article where the head of cybersecurity in the Pentagon,
they've already set it up, said we're going to attack the web and force you on the new
one. I mean, they're admitting it. Stay there, Paul. I want to finish up with this. Folks,
this is so big. Paul, your headline should be Obama launches false flags on the Internet
in bid to take it over. I mean, that's what it is. So I want another article just on what
you just said. Your article is great, but I mean, it's not hardcore. You go with the
enemy's headline. Reality is 10 times worse. Stay with us.
Your freedoms are on the line. The Second Amendment is in danger. How soon before your
freedoms are taken away? What can you not live without? What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns? Is it your home? No, it's food. It all boils down to the food supply.
Tyrannical governments control people by controlling their food supply. Don't be dependent. Be
self-sufficient. Don't wait for the government to feed you. Feed yourself. I can warn you,
but I can't feed you. Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from e Foods Direct.
It's the best long-term, storable food on the planet. Get the popular Mega Patriot pack
free. A 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot, and fuel. Call 800-409-5633 or go
to efoodsdirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot packs free with purchase.
Build your food supply, be in control, be self-sufficient, and be a patriot. Call 800-409-5633
or efoodsdirect.com slash Alex and get your free Patriot pack today.
We all know that Berkey water purification systems are the most trusted name in water
filtration. As an authorized Berkey dealer for over six years and serving thousands of
satisfied customers, the Berkey guy offers amazing specials for Berkey water filtration
systems. The Berkey light systems include a set of self-sterilizing and re-cleanable
black purification elements that purify water by removing chlorine, pathogenic bacteria,
cysts and parasites to non-detectable levels and remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides
and pesticides. Order the Berkey light system today complete with two black Berkey elements
for only $231 and the Berkey guy will ship your order free of charge. With the purchase
of a Berkey light, the Berkey guy is also offering a set of fluoride and arsenic filters
for only $39.99. That's over 30% off the retail price. Call the Berkey guy at 1-877-886-3653.
That's 1-877-886-3653 or order online at GoBerkey.com. That's GoBerkey.com today.
Time and time again. You need to come here and help us. We need assistance. Please. Those
we should be able to depend on, let us down. Federal and state and local officials saying
help is on the way while the folks here in Bell Harbor say show me. Don't depend on the
government to save you. Take action now so that you're prepared for the next disaster
with MyPatriotSupply.com. Get the best prices on storable food, non-GMO seeds, water filtration
devices, home canning equipment, survival and self-reliance books and more at MyPatriotSupply.com.
Call 866-229-0927. We are hurting down here and we need help immediately. Before it's
time to survive, it's time to prepare. MyPatriotSupply.com. MyPatriotSupply.com.
Ladies and gentlemen, what's happening is really very simple. The complexity of the
world is so massive and deep that people just give up and say, hey, I just get my car drive
to work, come home. And while you're doing that, the technocrats are putting out propaganda
about party, have fun, everything's silly. Everybody's silly. Let's be silly. Everybody's
friendly. Well, it's just hardcore pure evil beyond Hades. I mean, it is the mind of the
devil is all I can describe this as. And those of us that study it are just like, whoa. I
mean, yeah, they launched the five attacks, admit they launch them and then say, as I
predicted, we've got to take your Internet freedom and put you on Internet too because
of these attacks.
In one case, they even blamed Iran for Stuxnet. Again, they go, Alex Jones is discredited.
Yeah, I bought the bullets. And he goes, yeah, we bought 200,000. And it mentions one tiny
little line from purchases and goes, she's worried about that. That's only a few bullets
for the officers of the Social Security Administration. What's the big deal?
Politico did it again today. Feds, media rebut Sarah Palin's stockpiling bullets claim. Of
course, she said feds are stockpiling bullets for civil unrest. No kidding, that's what
they're training for too. That's what the manual say, we know. But they count on your
ignorance and go, hey, there's no drones.
Gibbs is like, yeah, the public's idiots. I told them there were no drones. Even though
they did it. That's a good one. Yeah, Alex is a kook. Yeah, there's no bullets. I mean,
that's creepville, folks. That's creepville. I mean, Politico, what a joke. And everything's
getting worse cuz all the standards are gone.
And they've told the media, you will do whatever we say or you'll never get access to us. So
Politico's like, well, I'll lie and say whatever you want then. They're like, all right, you
get the access back. See, this technocracy, none of you are gonna be needed. All of you
that serve the system.
I'm going back to Watson, don't forget infowarsstore.com, infowarshop.com, the Propior Water filters
discounted promo code water. The subscriptions of the magazine, the books, the videos, the
t-shirts, all of it supports the broadcast. And infowarshealth.com, we've scoured the
best health products out there, not just beyond tangy tangerine, but healthy coffee through
skin creams, through polymers plus, through rebound, it's close to 400 products. Infowarshealth.com,
you can get the lowest prices anywhere on the longevity products there.
You can get free shipping, when you sign up for auto ship, that's a big deal, a big savings.
Or become a distributor at infowarsteam.com and get even bigger discounts. Infowarsteam.com
or infowarshealth.com. Paul, I wanna keep you five more minutes ahead of Ted Nugent
joining us in the next hour. But I've been ranting, keep going with what's in your key
article at prisonplanet.com. Tech guru warns of internet disaster. The answer is give the
government all the power and select corporations. Go ahead.
Well, the point of it is, you know, the biggest objections to the 15th century Gutenberg press
came from organizations in positions of power. Because before that, all the books were written
by hand. This allowed books to be written and published quicker, circulated to more
people. They no longer controlled the flow of information. The internet is the 21st century
Gutenberg press and it's got the potential to be so much more. That's why they wanna
shut it down. They wanna strangle independent voices, bloggers, alternative media. They
wanna give you approval like, you know, you're on a no-fly list to use the internet in the
first place. No due process. The entire Magna Carta overthrown. And this is the essence.
Now that they know that we know they're liars, they're now going to the psychological tactic
of gaslighting where they just openly lie in front of us, admit they're lying and laugh
to make you feel helpless. I don't think it's gonna work.
It's amazing. I mean, this Sarah Palin thing, just to touch on it, there's an article on
Slate entitled Sarah Palin's new conspiracy theory was debunked before she even wrote
about it. And they say that the origin of the feds buying bullet was an anonymous email
that began making the rounds this past summer.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. They're running a hoax. Stay there. They're running a hoax. Exactly.
On record, it's the federal purchase orders. It's all been admitted for a year. It's up
to 2 billion bullets, AP Reuters. And now they're saying Sarah Palin's insane off a
rumor there are no bullets when it's all admitted. There are no drugs, there are no cancer viruses,
and the vaccines.
This is GCN, the Genesis Communications Radio Network.
It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus can inflict severe
damage in the human body. Fortunately, a new and fastly improved silver solution has been
developed. Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary broad-spectrum antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal
solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin. Supernatural Silver
is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers. Using a patented technology that
is highly effective against colds, flus, infections, food poisoning and yeast, in addition to many
other pathogens. Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe, and is the number
one choice of thousands of people for immune system support. Find out how Supernatural
Silver could change your life. Go to SupernaturalSilver.com and use the promo code Healthy for 20% off.
Visit SupernaturalSilver.com and like us on Facebook.
Waging war on corruption. Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Big Brother. Mainstream media. Government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Yeah, I'm ranting and raving and I called Paul this morning and I said, look, he wrote
the Sarah Palin article about her warning about the feds getting ready for civil war.
And I said, do you know it's all over the authoritarian news that camouflages itself
as liberal? The pinhead propagandist Winston Smith's there in the Ministry of Truth. Did
you know that they're saying that there are no bullets? See, they've gone from just taking
billions and looking at a few hundred thousand here and saying, that's all there is. That's
not that many bullets, ignoring all the other purchases, lying by omission to their audience.
And now they've just gone to, there are no bullets. It's insane. Yeah, yeah, that's in
Politico too, Paul. They all rewrite some White House memo. I'm telling you, I've never
seen such plagiarism.
I don't know who the plagiar is. Washington Post, AP, Politico, Slate, it's all the same
thing. In some cases, the same sentences without attribution, just saying there are no bullets,
Paul. It doesn't matter if the government's already responded why they bought 2 billion.
It doesn't exist. You understand that, Paul? You wanna apologize?
On the one hand, they say it's not happening. Then they say, well, yeah, they did buy all
these bullets. Then on the one hand, they say, it's to save money buying in bulk. And
then on the other hand, they say, it's just for training practice. I noticed that none
of them reported on the fact that a $2 million DHS contractor produced shooting targets of
pregnant women, children, and gun owners.
They were all quite reserved about-
No one's touched that, even though the company's confirmed it. It's admitted, listen, we never
fire the bat beam and ask Drudge to link to something. But Palin's big news, this could
really wake up a lot of mainline conservatives here. We need to do an article where we break
down the whole bullet hoax, like leftist-run hoax against Palin.
Because now that Slate and others are saying there are no bullets, I mean, that really
discredits them, that she made it up. And they don't even show the anonymous letter.
It's like, that was some guy made that up on the side of the road. It's all a huge story
for over a year on Drudge. We broke it, and then they're acting like it doesn't exist,
Paul.
And they also deny that the DHS preparing for civil unrest. We had the army documents
where they openly said they're planning to shoot rioters in America. Then the DHS itself
last year bought a bunch of body armor, admittedly because it was preparing for, quote, riots
in America.
And they're buying full auto, armored vehicles, heavy tanks being delivered. I mean, it is
a mad buildup. And they're like, nothing's building up, there's no bullets. I mean, that
lets you know, folks, how much danger we're in.
Well, they're just regurgitating what the federal government told them. Last time I
checked, that wasn't journalism. You have to actually investigate the claims.
They're lying, Paul. Everyone knows about the bullets. It's like saying Los Angeles
doesn't exist in Politico. That's how dumb they think. This is a scandal, Paul. This
is a scandal. And they wanna just get us used to it. You see all the articles, Drudge is
crazy linking to this. There's no bullets. I mean, it has reached cuckoo level.
Another one says, it appears Palin is joining the conspiracy mongers. Growth in the tinfoil
hat business could totally offset those pesky budget cuts. So now there's no bullets whatsoever.
It's all a tinfoil hat conspiracy theory. You can go on the FedBizOpps website and see
what the DHS is buying.
2 billion now, 2 billion, 2 billion. We were wrong two weeks ago saying 1.75, 2 billion.
But now 2 billion is the new zero, Winston. If I tell you 2 billion is zero, Winston Smith,
it is. Are you saying that isn't the case? How many figures am I holding up, Paul?
Well, 2 plus 2 equals 5 to the mainstream media, I guess. It's an insult to people's
intelligence that they just regurgitate this crap and shovel it out every time.
But notice how we're not even freaking out though. This is ball face concerted lies saying
Sarah Palin is an idiot and going off an internet rumor. We've caught them in an absolute total
fraud hoax. It's huge and no one even cares. They got us used to it. No one even cares
that Gibbs is like, yeah, we lied to you all the time.
And MSNBC is like, it's so funny. Let me tell you another one I told the idiots. I mean,
that's what they think of people. You're like, hey, you're lying. Shut up, racist. Oh, you're
only being called racist. That's right, racist. Alex, you're racist because you say MSNBC
lies. That's racist. Thank you, Paul Watson. Here comes Ted Nugent. Stay with us.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom
lovers. The prognosis for the entire planetary economic system runs from bad to worse. The
globalist model is to shut down societies and starve patriots out until they acquiesce
to the global takeover. That's why we've assembled the most vital and important preparedness
items at infowarshop.com. These are items that I did research on that I personally use.
You've got the life straw so you can turn fetid water into safe water anywhere you go.
The Ktor hand crank generator to charge up key equipment during power outages or out
in the field. Strategic relocation third edition by Joel Skousen. When disaster strikes by
Matthew Stein. TheraSafe used by Homeland Security to protect yourself during any radiological
event. Hand crank shortwave AM FM radios. Everything that we've researched and found
to be the best is available at infowarshop.com and your purchase makes our info war possible.
We're getting prepared. Are you? Infowarsshop.com. You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in
your arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching
out for intruders? Check out Simply Safe. It's a new do it yourself home security
system that is completely wireless. Go to getsimplysafe.com. Simply Safe is independent
and off the grid. It runs on battery power. So even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit or shed. Getsimplysafe.com. Simply Safe is also ridiculously easy to install
yourself in under 20 minutes. So there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't
always at home, but Simply Safe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a
day, 7 days a week. Again, that's getsimplysafe.com. We now take you live to the Central Texas
Command Center. In the heart of the resistance, you are listening to the Alex Jones Show.
Ladies and gentlemen, I am extremely excited to have the one, the only Ted Nugent joining
us in a powerhouse interview. And the reason I know it's going to be a powerhouse, I had
a chance to have him call in to the Sunday weekend show, listening right here in Central
Texas as he was driving. And then I had a chance to talk to him off air about some of
the other topics he wanted to come on air and talk about.
So a lot of this is going to be news breaking. His new tour, the Black Power Tour, is celebrating
the fathers of rock and roll, incredible black Americans. And they're demonizing that in
the media. I mean, there's nothing that Ted Nugent can't do right because he's pro-liberty
and the Marxist Decepticons are out there trying to divide and conquer this country.
We're going to talk about that. We're going to talk about how he's been persecuted by
the feds. We're going to talk about how he's got one of the most popular ammo lines in
the country. We're going to talk most importantly about taking America back. We've got him for
the full hour. You want Ted Nugent? I had to do some serious begging, but we've got
him.
Uncle Ted, great to have you back with us.
Well, thanks, Alex. I feel welcome. Even when I'm not here, I feel that I'm represented
accurately by you. So on behalf of working hard, playing hard, logical America, thank
you.
Wow, where should we start? You heard some of the topics I threw out. Well, where should
we begin? Let's talk about your big rock and roll tour coming up and the media trying to
lie to people.
Well, you know, for the last, I think this is my 55th year touring, something like that.
I started back in Detroit in the 1950s. My band won the Battle of the Bands. We actually
opened up for the Supremes and the Boat Rubbles with the brand new Cobo Hall back in 1962
or 63. And I, you know, I just don't have any white musical influences. I thought Pat
Boone was weird and I thought Little Richard was God. You know what I mean?
Me too. Yeah.
So when I heard you reference the ultimate love songs yesterday, Free For All and Doggy
Dog and Stranglehold. I mean, my music has a life of its own. Really. After 50 years
of touring, the audiences still are so intense and passionate and high energy. And let's
morph into when I discovered the culture war. You know, this tour is called Ted Nugent Black
Power 2013 because I'm bringing forth the celebration that there really is a black thing.
And the black thing that inspired me from the very beginning was James Brown's work
ethic. Little Richard's work ethic. Chuck Berry and Bo Diddley's, their work ethic.
You can't become the fathers, the gods of thunder, of rhythm and blues and rock and
roll unless you really put your nose to the grindstone and you work your ass off. My dad
and mom forced us kids to do that. That was the battle cry of the American dream in the
1950s and 1960s until the beatniks turned into the drooling, puking, idiot hippies.
And I was always attacked in the media, even the beginning when I was just a teenager,
because I was a hunter. Because I ate venison and I carried a gun and I believed in self
defense. And this new curse of leftism, this Mao Tse tongue ugliness was metastasizing
across America. So at first, Alex, when I did these interviews, and they would attack
me because I spent the weekend at the shooting range with my dad or I spent the weekend with
my family up north deer hunting.
I squinted and furrowed my brow and went, wait a minute, you're condemning what is obviously
perfect self defense is perfect deer hunting.
So you woke up early on just because you were being yourself and being demonized. And I
wanna ask you this question and then continue along the line and what the media is saying
about your black power tour, because they wanna create division, they can't have us
come together.
Are we, yeah. But it's so incredibly simple that this country was founded on the Second
Amendment, but they try to act like it's so incredibly alien. I'm tired of calling them
liberals or even leftists, even though that's as they're known. These are as you said, Maoist,
these are hardcore authoritarian pigs who know they're authoritarian pigs.
They're not environmentalists, wackos. They're not ignorant. They're not stupid. They're
criminals that wanna run our lives and make us their slaves.
Boy, I couldn't have said it better. They really are criminals. I don't care if it's
Hillary Clinton refusing to provide security and the anniversary of 9-11 in some of the
most dangerous areas in the world.
And then getting upset because we asked her why, or that the attorney general is running
guns to Mexican drug gangs, then trying to blame mom and pop gun shops for the criminality
of his directive and his program. It really is like, I don't know if it's one flew over
the cuckoo's nest, Soylent Green, or Planet of the Apes, but the insanity running amuck
in this country right now can only be described as evil people with an evil agenda.
I am sick and tired. I figured like way back in the 1970s when people go, well, they're
well intentioned, but they're misinformed. That's not true at all. Their intentions are
evil, and they know exactly what we're doing. May I quote Nancy? You don't have to read
this. You need to sign it, Pelosi. Can you get any more anti-American and anti-constitution,
anti-we the people than that insanity?
No, you can't. And I apologize for interrupting you and getting you off into the tyrants.
You are so prominent and know so many other prominent people. I think it's time to start
a campaign to say, we're really the liberals. Thomas Jefferson was a liberal saying more
freedom. George Washington was a liberal, meaning more freedom. I think they've stolen
the term liberal or even progressive saying, let's build our country up.
It's time to call them what they are. A cult, a gang of criminals that want a managed, organized
economy controlled by them and their cronies. And that they have basically occupied this
country and there's no living with them. We either take this country back and win the
war or we're going to be slaves. No more win the battles and just let the enemy keep launching
attacks.
It's time to go on the total offense as the gun manufacturers are doing, as you're doing,
as I'm doing. That's why they're scared of us. Let's talk about Ted Nugent taking America
and then the world back. How do we get on the offense? And do you agree? There's no
more quarter. They're not giving us quarter. We either take it all back or we're going
to lose.
Well, you're absolutely correct. I think it can best be framed in the column that you
took the other day when I dropped my cell signal. And I think it was Doug, a cross country
trucker who said he was proud that Ted came over to our side. Alex, are you kidding me?
I'm talking about clueless. Now, with all due respect, especially to my good trucking
buddies who use a power service diesel additive. But can you believe that that kind of ignorance
exists? That people are unaware that in the Rolling Stone cover stories on the cover of
Rolling Stone with a Walther PPK that I actually had on me in New York City during the photo
shoot celebrating the Second Amendment for the entire front page feature story in Rolling
Stone magazine in 1978. If you go back to my interviews in 1968, 1965, I have always
promoted and celebrated, never defended the obvious and unambiguous right to keep and
bear arms. I have been on the front line. That's why the left and the media and what
you could you're accurately identifying is the cult of denial. When you have a Valerie
Jared, who is the communications czar for the president, who actually publicly quotes
Mao Zedong. Are you kidding me? So I have been on the front line. So the answer to the
big question, how do we take our country back? How do we get on the offensive? All you have
to do is study what you and I do, study what I've done since the 1960s. You never apologize.
You take the beast face to face, hand to hand, close quarter combat with the evidence from
history that when there's power abuse like President Obama and Eric Holder and Hillary
Clinton and all the czars and all his communist buddies, when they abuse the power and they
create such a depth of corruption, if we don't communicate adamantly, firmly and politely,
but consistently with our elected officials every chance we get, which we have to make
the opportunity every week and demand accountability. Here's it in a nutshell. Look in a person's
eye. Ask them, ask them, what do you believe about the death tax? Do you believe that the
government can steal from families after tax savings when mom or dad died? Do you believe
the government can steal after tax savings from a family and that that should be the
law of the land? Because if the person says, yes, I believe in it, you're looking at the
enemy of freedom, the enemy of America and a thief. If a person wants to get rid of the
death tax, if you want to compromise gun rights, you're looking at the enemy. We don't need
to compromise. When I was on Capitol Hill last week for the recently for the State of
the Union address, I shook every Republican's hand and I wouldn't let go. And I tried to
shake it like Chesky Fuller, looked him in the eye and went quick with the compromise.
We have compromised ourselves into a corner of communism. Cut it out.
And that's why the Republicans haven't been getting the support they were getting because
they clearly have been selling out on every front. And now we've heard this hoax of, Obama
has a mandate. We need to become socialists so we can win. There's no point in having
a Republican Party if they become the Democratic Party.
And so how do we hold their feet to the fire? And point out that people that are quoting
Mao Zedong, the greatest murderer, mass murderer in history are, as you said, the enemy. I
mean, my God, it's so simple if you're informed.
Well, again, communication. I have been fighting this fight in the most aggressive fashion
I possibly can. My wife constantly shakes her finger and go, calm down. You're not the
only one taking this battle to the enemy. And I go, sometimes I think I am. Sometimes
I'll contact an elected official and they act like I'm bringing up some strange concept
that the Second Amendment, by any honest scrutiny, that the existence of the Second Amendment
is my concealed weapons permit, period.
And again, people say, well, why are you so obsessed with guns? It's the canary in the
coal mine in hundreds of other countries just the last century. When they come for those,
look out. And look, they're going after every other right. We're gonna go to break. We're
gonna come back with Ted Nugent.
He needs no introduction, tednugent.com. And I wanna get more into this tour and how the
media is trying to demonize it, too. I just find that intriguing. We're gonna get to how
he's been persecuted. Because believe me, I've gone through some of this, too. This
is serious, folks. You've gotta support the First Amendment or we lose everything. Ted
Nugent, straight ahead, I'm Alex Jones.
Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new Aquamedics advanced media for removal of fluoride
and other heavy metals, all in one filter element. It is the only one that does it.
And out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine. Hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at mfallwarstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
My name is Steven Huir. After 22 years of nutritional counseling, I've observed that
most brain malfunctions have at their roots some form of toxicity and brain damage. So
whether it is poor memory, poor focus, lack of creative thinking or more serious matters
like inability to focus, speak normally or remember things, the emphasis to getting one's
brain working optimally needs to be on detoxification. One World Way supports your body's number
one means of detoxification, which is glutathione production.
My name is Angie and my son has suffered from borderline autism and constipation. I got
him on One World Way and in two months his constipation is gone. He has become friendlier.
He can carry on a normal conversation with me and he has made his first friend. He's
doing great and he looks forward to taking One World Way every day. He could offer him
a present or a cake and he would prefer the One World Way.
Go to oneworldway.com, that's oneworldwhey.com or call 888-988-3325, that's 888-988-3325.
Now there's an amazing new natural antibiotic every person must have. It's cells alive
silver solution and it destroys over 650 hard to kill viruses, fungus, bacteria and much
more. Cells alive silver solution has no expiration date, is great for emergency kits and storage
shelters and comes in 8 or 16 ounce bottles. Order today at 888-910-4367 or visit hempusa.org.
Hempusa.org, 100% chemical free superfoods and unique health products.
We the people grow cotton, wheat fabric, engraving embed strips and fibers to protect from counterfeit
and carting to a private bank, having a lead back at interest, forcing taxes to service
debt. This capitalism or was Jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing the public
currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than a standing army. Hi, Ted
Anderson, I'm placing a free silver dollar in a book that explains our monetary system.
Call for your copy, 800-686-2237. It's time to understand the system. Call 800-686-2237,
that's 800-686-2237.
It's time for a home security quiz. Answer this, what effective home security device
is smaller than a coffee cup, fakes out burglars into thinking someone is home at your house
while you're away, plugs into any wall outlet, is recommended by many police departments
and sells for less than $35. Yes, it's fake TV. This year about one in every 50 US homes
will have a break in with burglars usually picking the easy target, a dark house that
looks like no one is home. Fake TV is a small electronic security device that makes it look
like someone is home watching TV by simulating the light from a real TV. It's like a lamp
on a timer, but far more convincing. And for only $34.95, fake TV could be the difference
between coming home to a secure house or one that's been ransacked. Go to faketv.com
or call 1-877-5FAKETV, that's 877-532-5388 or go to faketv.com. Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
We are on the march. The empire is on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN radio network.
That's right. Thank you for joining us. I'm going to be honest here. If it sounds like
I am in awesome times of Ted Nugent, it's because I am. Because I take it personal when
people are trying to take our little ranch we've had since Texas independence, because
under the estate tax, we won't be able to keep it.
In fact, it used to be a lot bigger. Most of it's been sold off because of estate taxes
the last 50 years when grandparents and people die. When they're trying to take my guns and
I know it's because they're authoritarians. I've read the UN treaty debates where they
admit it's about a monopoly of power of the government. I take it personal. When Piers
Morgan lies and says, I don't want all your guns, when Obama and all the rest of them
have been on record saying they want the abolition of civilian ownership of firearms.
It makes me mad. But I know they're following a blueprint of disarmament and then talking
to me like I'm stupid and telling me, no, you're just a conspiracy theorist. It makes
me angry. And I see somebody like Ted Nugent, hard charging seven days a week as I follow
the media out there standing up for liberty for all of us.
Knowing if they take the Second Amendment, if they're that bold, they're gonna take everything.
To know that Obamacare was written to raise taxes on poor people and to screw them and
to bring in socialism and death panels. Thank God Ted Nugent's upset. And listen, people
say, Alex, why are you so upset?
Because I'm tired of playing games. I'm tired of living in denial. This is real for me.
It isn't like I'm some libertarian conservative on the air, constitutionalist, because that's
a nice niche or something. It's my business plan, okay? I believe in liberty. It's what
made America great. And the fact that there aren't more people like Alex Jones and Ted
Nugent is the problem.
You're either on offense or you're getting screwed. And the tyrants are running wild
cuz they think we're a bunch of sheep, okay? And this country's on the edge of civil war.
A few days ago I had Ron Paul and he said, yes, it'll cause a civil war if they come
for the guns. Folks, it will. There are a large percentage of gun owners that are ready
for war. I got a family, folks, I don't want this to happen.
But damn it, I'm not gonna back off either. Ted Nugent, this is a short segment, but on
the subject of where this country is going, this isn't Russia or Germany. The tyrants
need to know that the Second Amendment, like a time bomb, has been planted for them. And
the fact that they're going after our Second Amendment has alerted the people of this country
and the world. And I want the Marxist scum to know that they're gonna lose this fight
if they start it.
Now, so what do you say about waking up and being alive? I know you've been alive and
awake forever because of where you came from. But what do you say to those that are in a
damn coma?
Well, first of all, the prognosis is improving every day, Alex. I'm sure you see it from
your callers and the people you hang out with, especially here in the great republic of Texas.
If you met my kids, my grandkids, my wife, my brothers, my sister, all my hunting buddies,
the production team for our tetanus, the Spirit of the Wild, our Sunrise Safaris guides, all
the people that we hunt with and we do all the charity work with all the children's charity.
Just working hard, playing hard America, where a few years ago they might have rolled their
eyes when I said you shouldn't give up Saturday night specials and that there's no such thing
as cop killer bullets and that none of these guns are assault weapons. They rolled their
eyes because they didn't understand they were ignorant. Now all of a sudden they're going,
Hey, you were right. You were absolutely right. I see where this guy got in trouble because
his gun had a collapsible stock in New Jersey or where this, this hero of the military was
thrown in prison in Washington DC because he was legally transporting his legally owned
firearms from one state to the other.
So this is, this is a big wake up call. As I said the other day, we should thank God
almighty that he sent Piers Morgan to be our foil. I mean, this guy is too easy to beat.
This guy is too easy to decapitate with his fantasy and his British cult of denial. All
you have to do is like you do and I do and everybody else I've seen lately though, we'll
talk about the effectiveness of various individuals in a second, but the evidence is 100% on our
side. And if we are aware of that evidence and we know how to bring it to the argument,
bring it to the so-called debate, as you did and I did, and more and more people are learning
to do, you know, we got a, we got a hero at the NRA, Chris Cox, Wayne LaPierre is getting
better all the time when it comes to standing up for what right to keep and bear arms shall
not be infringed stands for. So the prognosis is increasing and getting better slowly but
surely. But I think like we should thank God that Piers Morgan was sent down. I think we
have to thank God that he sent Barack Obama because this guy is so destined to destroy
everything good about America. His policies, his scam, his lying, his deceit, his state
of the union, his campaigning, smart people who love to hear flowery, desirable speech
are starting to realize the guy's a scam artist. And he's so arrogant in his scamming that
it's become very apparent now. Let's come back and talk about that in the long segment
coming up. The one, the only Ted Nugent, TedNugent.com. Get the news, the tour, the bullets, the
ammo, everything at TedNugent.com. I'm jealous of that website. Man, look at that. TedNugent.com.
We'll be right back. I'm Alex Jones with prisonplanet.tv and infowars.com. Stay with us. We're on
the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN radio network. Introducing Pro
One. All of your filtration in one system portable on the go. No more do you have two
or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts out the sodium
fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing technology combined
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
a new Pro One filters today at infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139. You may be arrested
and or subject to other police action. Tyranny is here. The grim future foretold in 1984
has become reality. It really says that the state is God. The United States is now recognized
globally as one of the most impressive police states on earth. This film conclusively proves
the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps now being expanded nationwide. This
documentary exposes how the continuity of government program has established an all
powerful shadow state. Police state four chronicles the sickening depths to which our republic
has fallen. Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship, body scammers,
sound cameras, citizen spies, stage terror and cameras on every street corner. It's only
the beginning of the New World Order's hellish plan. The police state isn't coming. It's
here. Secure your copy today at infowars.com or see it online in the highest quality at
prisonplanet.tv. Your freedoms are on the line. The Second Amendment is in danger. How
soon before your freedoms are taken away? What can you not live without? What is your
greatest dependency? Is it your guns? Is it your home? No, it's food. It all boils down
to the food supply. Tyrannical governments control people by controlling their food supply.
Don't be dependent. Be self-sufficient. Don't wait for the government to feed you. Feed
yourself. I can warn you but I can't feed you. Do like Alex has done and get a supply
of food from eFoods Direct. It's the best long-term storable food on the planet. Get
the popular Mega Patriot Pack free. A 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot and fuel.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to efoodsdirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot Packs
free with purchase. Build your food supply. Be in control. Be self-sufficient and be a
patriot. Call 800-409-5633 or efoodsdirect.com slash Alex and get your free Patriot Pack
today.
I still believe. It was like a crime to turn down a Ted Nugent song. Whenever I'm in the
car, stranglehold probably one of the greatest if not the greatest. Yeah, I got to ask you
here before we get back into the news and some really hardcore stuff. How did you come
up with stranglehold? I mean, were you channeling the almighty or something? I mean, that song
is so perfect. How did you do that, Ted Nugent?
It is a powerful lick. You should see it from where I'm sitting. When I play that lick every
night, my band's too, Alex. I've got to give a big salute to the greasiest, blackest gods
of thunder in the world. Mick Brown on drums, Greg Smith on bass guitar, and Derek St. Holmes
on vocals and guitar. I have every guitar player's dream, every concert, every song,
every audience. This year we're going on the tour with Styx and Ariel Speedwagon. We call
the tour Ted Nugent Black Power because we're inspired. The stranglehold lick is a variation
of all those black heroes, whether Bo Diddley, Chuck Berry, Little Richard, James Brown,
Wilson Pickett, Sam and Dave, Stax Bolt, all things Motown and Funk Brothers. There's a
grind factor that I was weaned on as a little kid in Detroit. And when I pick up, I could
go across the room right now and grab one of my guitars. They're all plugged into amplifiers
right now. And I could just pick it up and whip out a lick that would make you grind
like an animal during the rut. I've been cleaning this over for 64 years. And when you're cleaning
this over, you really tune in when you get to jam with Chuck Berry and Bo Diddley and
play with D.B. King. Are you kidding me? You pick up, you kind of sponge the essence of
that soul. And let's identify what that black music ultimately represented in its origins.
Defiance. Defiance against slavery. Defiance against oppression. Defiance against your
own black people shackling you and selling you as a slave. That's where that unbelievable
James Brown work ethic came from. They all rose up and went, yeah, you think you could
keep me down? Well, listen to this, mother. And I'm going to play some licks that everybody's
going to dance to. And that's what we do to this day. So I'm very inspired by freedom,
that uppity black spirit of my original inspirations. And we pay homage to it every night on stage.
And I name them by name, and I've been doing it for 50 years.
And by the way, you mentioned this to me earlier, but I just punched it in Black Power Ted Nugent.
The media is freaking out. You've been saying this for 40 something years that this is what
inspires you, your band, all of it. But the so-called left, the tyrants who say you don't
like socialism, don't like gun control, it's racism, has no connection to reality, not
even any facts.
They just throw the word out there. They're the real race pimps. Margaret Sanger saying
we've got to become liberals and take over to abort the black babies. What do you say
to the media freaking out over your black power 2013? I mean, from my research, the
so-called left are really the proto-Nazis.
The left in America and England created the eugenics that Hitler picked up. The truth
is they claim that they're the anti-racist because they're the racist.
Well, I think the biggest racist in the world would either be President Obama. I mean, when
you say Trayvon Martin could have been my son. Well, with all due respect, Mr. President,
Brian Terry could have been my son. And your Eric Holder sold the guns to the gangs that
killed him. Try that on precise. Al Sharpton, Jesse Jackson, Louis Farrakhan, number one
cause of black death in America, not the subhuman crew clutch Klan. Black Americans kill more
black Americans on a weekly basis than the Klan ever did in a year.
It's incredible and then- It really is incredible.
And then you can't even have a tour paying homage to your music roots. It just shows
how sick these people are. They never want people to really come together under freedom.
Now expanding on this, you mentioned the fact that the NRA's getting on the offense. When
we have the memos that they want to confiscate our guns, when it's on record, you use the
truth to defeat them. And during the break we were talking, you described as Republicans
are more worried about adjusting their tie than actually being patriots.
Expand on that. I mean, look, it's time to stop debating all their fake arguments about
the children. They want our guns because they want a monopoly of power. And I think that's
the key to the offense is pointing that out. Well, when I criticize the failures of the
GOP, only the guilty need to feel guilty. We have some incredible leaders in this country
right now, especially which is why now I'm a Texan. I came to Texas 10 years ago because
the wonderful, glorious work epicenter of Detroit that I grew up in turned into the
hell zone of pimp's horse and welfare brats because of liberal Democrats like Mayor Coleman
Young and Mayor Kwame Kirkpatrick and Jennifer Granholm. So I came to Texas where we have
genuine statesmen, genuine patriots who understand they serve we the people and the U.S. Constitution.
Governor Perry is the best governor in America. Greg Abbott is the best attorney general in
America. Ron Paul, Ted Cruz, John Cronin, there's so many great, great constitutional
representatives here in Texas. And John Thune in South Dakota. Mike Rogers up in Michigan.
And Scott Walker now in Wisconsin. We see an improvement or return to the common sense.
Exactly. So let me ask you this in their guiding light that they have to make an oath to to
become elected officials. That's the U.S. Constitution, the Bill of Rights. So the once
again, and I can't repeat this often enough. So many people who set their alarm clocks
and bust their ass to be the best that they can be. They work. They work. They make ends
meet. They save for a rainy day. They demand accountability and productivity by their sons
and everybody in their family. That's how the Nugent family operates. That's how the
Alex Jones family operates. But a lot of those people don't vote. A lot of those people don't
communicate. They don't even know who their senator or their congressman is. So we the
people who want upgrade and return to a U.S. constitutionally driven America, we have got
to communicate with our elected officials because some of the elected officials that
I just named by name, there are some of those in every state, even California, New Jersey
and New York and Illinois. They got these people, but they don't hear from us. So until
you are an actual participant in the sacred experiment, self-government, I'd like to thank
you for nothing. I agree with you and look at the areas like
Chicago and L.A. and the areas that these authoritarians that call themselves liberals
are in control. They bankrupt and destroy every city, every county, every state, every
country they run because they are con artist criminals.
And again, it's time for us to stop apologizing about the fact that we're right. It's time
for us to stand up and call these crooks out. And that's why they say, you're discredited
yelling at Piers Morgan or Ted Nugent, told him get off people's backs and shut the hell
up. And that you're basically full of crap. Ted's discredited. No, we're the only people
waking people up out of their coma.
And the fact that the so-called left is saying don't get angry, that shows they're scared
of us getting angry. Absolutely, and you gotta admit, Alex, I wish I could name all of them,
but everybody's got a different role and everybody's got a different style and a different approach.
But you really have to hand it to whether you like it or not. Sean Hannity and Rush
Limbaugh and Glenn Beck and so many of these guys out there and Laura Ingraham and Monica
Crowley. I mean, so many of our side now have more and more of a voice and they are wielding
the crowbar more than just the sweetie pie attitude that has opened the door for the
tyrants to crush us to this degree. So yes, it's time to get tough. It doesn't mean you
have to start punching or shooting, but you have to escalate the debate so that the enemy
can't control things. I've been in every media, I do media every day, and anybody that has
ever messed with me has lost because I have all the evidence to support what I stand for
because I stand for the self-evident truth and being the best that you can be. And if
you want to find out where Obama is taking America, check out his home gangster acorn
hell of Chicago. Chicago has been run by Democrats forever. They're either all in prison or they're
encouraging the shooting of their citizens. They have a gun-free zone where more innocent
lives are lost every day than in any high-carrying concealed weapon jurisdiction in this country.
And they won't admit it. They keep doing the same thing, claiming they want different results
that is not only disingenuous, that is rotten to the core. They hate freedom and they love
abuse of power.
They do, and that's why they're scared of us waking up out of our coma. Ted Nugent joins
us, tednugent.com. If you're just now tuning in again, I'm Alex Jones with mfoldwars.com.
Ted, where do you think America will be if people don't stand up and don't take action,
which is starting to happen? But if people don't stand up and really get in the face
of this tyranny and back it off, because by getting aggressive politically, with the First
Amendment, we won't have to use the second.
But what is your concern? Cuz again, as I said earlier, I had Ron Paul on a few days
ago and he's concerned about civil war. It appears to a lot of sociologists and people
that study this, that the leftists want to start some type of conflict and then brand
the Patriots as the Homeland Security documents under Obama's state, that Al-Qaeda is not
the threat.
Now it's gun owners, conservatives, returning veterans. They're clearly trying to brand
it. An article came out yesterday where Homeland Security is buying drones and in the training
video, they're going around looking for people selling guns to their neighbors. So we see
that the Patriot American is the new target of Homeland Security.
What can you say about that and how it segues into some of the persecution you've gone through?
Tell us what's been happening to you the last few months.
Well, gee, there's so many issues there. Number one, thank you for bringing these things up
because now people can Google and they go to your website. And if you go to TedNugent.com,
I would welcome you. I would love to have you as part of our TedNugent.com talkback.
We have some hardcore gung ho, great American families on my talkback on my website. And
we get all this latest update too. And we make sure that we review it. We got people
inside the deepest security in the United States government that are on my talkback.
We have friends at most federal agencies and at every department of every political activity
in every state. And we're looking with a genuine spirit of concern and a genuine duty to participate
as we the people to ask questions and demand answers. And we got this far down the totem
pole. We've gotten this bad off and we've been abused and the corruption has gotten
this outrageous because so many Americans were disengaged. They bent over and they couldn't
believe that a government would hurt someone. I'll never forget the interview with the lady
who was in Rwanda checking out some gorillas or something. And I mean the real gorillas,
not the gorilla fighters, the gorillas in the mist. And she was crying because the gangsters
in Rwanda who had attacked their bus and killed everybody, she actually went, I can't believe
that a human being would intentionally hurt another human being. Really? It's so naive.
That kind of brain dead soullessness has horribly taken place and taken root and metastasized
here in America. So I know about the drones, I know about the militarization of law enforcement,
but I'm not going to guess what might happen if Obama's dream of tyranny comes true. I
believe that more and more people are waking up. I believe that more and more people are
communicating these serious issues about accountability and what happened in Benghazi and Fast and
Furious, the crime of Obamacare, the abuse of power and the corruption, the absolute
proven lies of every word out of this president's mouth at the last State of the Union address.
I believe that we are going to vote these bastards out, that we're going to demand accountability
like they did in the ultra liberal hell zone of Michigan with the governor Rick Snyder.
Now we've got a Republican, he's not a conservative, but he's way better than Jennifer Granholm.
Scott Walker, huge upgrade in Wisconsin. I travel and I still rock and roll and my tour
will take me to every state in every major city across America, again, 50 years in a
row now. And when I communicate with people, Alex, I'm here to bring great, great upgrade
to your attention.
People are waking up and we are going to take this country back at the voting booth. That's
how we're going to do it. Well, listen, I'm not bragging about this. When I tell these
stories is because it's important for people to know I can now go anywhere in the country
and can't walk 10 feet down the street without listeners stopping.
And I'm just a little guy in all this over the years. And I went to a restaurant in Wimberley,
Texas, Saturday, and there were only about 10 tables. And almost every table came over
and wanted photos and were listeners. And I know you get the same response, it's what
you're saying. It's exponential how many people are awake of every race, color and creed that's
exciting.
And I think the key to all this is saying, look, they want our guns to enslave us, they're
liars, they're tyrants, just calling it like it is. People are so hungry for that. And
if we just go past the hoax that, we're supposed to stand down and compromise. The other side
never gives in, they just tell us to compromise.
Then as you said, we bend over, but let's talk about this. I talked to you off air when
you called in on the Sunday show. And you said, man, next time I come on, I'll tell
you about the crap I've been going through. I think it's important to talk about how they
spun what you said and some of the things that have happened to you and how they're
trying to go after you.
Because if they can take down Ted Nugent, somebody who's actually alive, whose heart
is beating, and if they can demonize that, if we don't stand behind Ted Nugent, even
if people don't 100% agree with you out there, they've got to stand behind you in the First
Amendment. Because if they can take you down, kind of the guy up there on the point, I mean,
Second Amendment, you think of Ted Nugent and George Washington.
And then down the road, maybe Alex Jones and Ron Paul and the NRA. But I mean, let's say
it, you're Mr. Second Amendment. I mean, buddy, I know you got the Second Amendment, but I
hope you got bodyguards. You really are front and center. Have you realized that?
Yes, I have. Over the years, I realized that when it comes to absolutely defining the God-given
right to keep and bear arms, I've been on the forefront forever. And now people are
realizing that the reason I'm considered an extremist to sell it is because the concept
of having a free people was very extreme in 1775.
Yeah, the system demonizes the founders. Yeah, the system demonizes the founders. So I'm
saying you're Mr. Second Amendment, tell us about the persecution.
Well, I've been a hunter my whole life. My dad raised me to be law abiding. I've been
a sheriff deputy for over 34 years now. I conduct federal raids here in Texas with the
FBI, the ATF, the DEA, the Texas Rangers, and the federal marshals.
I've been very active, hands-on in law enforcement for over 30 years now. My point being is that
you don't become a sheriff deputy. You're not invited on federal, you know, fugitive
felony raids. If you're a questionable guy, you have to prove yourself. And I proved myself
during my training and I've proven myself during these raids. Well, I'm solidly in the
asset column, but I've always been a legal hunter. My dad said, you don't dare break
a law. I've never hunted out of season with the wrong weapon. I've always bought every
tag and every license and every permit and really watched my Ps and Qs. Well, a number
of years ago, I was hunting in California. Our Ted Nugent Spirit of the Wild show on
Outdoor Channel had been the number one show and outdoor hunting show for over 26 years
now. Every year we become the viewer's favorite because I do it honestly. I do it documentary
to style, real down to earth, natural, organic, killing your own food. And I don't play games
and I don't apologize. Well, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has been so infested
with anti-hunting, anti-wildlife, anti-Ted Nugent idiots that in California, hunting
an apple orchard on our TV show on Spirit of the Wild, we showed it on the air. I had
bought my licenses and double checked all the legalities with the director of California
Fish and Game, James Fong. Long story short, after the show aired, U.S. Fish and Wildlife
jackbooted thugs, subhuman punks, had a 36-man, guns-drawn, pre-dawn raid on my three hunting
buddies' homes in California based on the allegation equal to a jaywalking ticket that
I was hunting over bait. Alex, they kicked down doors, they confiscated guns and bows
and video cameras and telephones and computers, photographs. They abused these poor families,
100% law-abiding, never broke a law in their lives, upstanding members of the community.
And then they ran and they tried to charge me with felonies claiming that somehow in
the apple orchard, I had placed a bait, which they did all kinds of forensic soil sample
tests, and they came up with nothing. But because the allegations were such a scam,
it was such a trumped-up railroad witch hunt, that the attorneys in California said I could
beat it, no question, but it would cost me between a quarter and a half million dollars.
And remember, a jackbooted 36-man, guns-drawn, pre-dawn raid based on a jaywalking ticket.
It just shows what crazy authoritarians they are, and how they use regulations to harass
people, but then exempt themselves when Obama's given a half billion dollars to his buddies
to a fake energy company. It is so amazing to watch China build three new coal power
plants a week, but we're having them shut down when they're clean burning.
They want this country bankrupted to make us dependent on them. And even on our little
ranch in East Texas, we've been hunting out there. And this is a county where my grandfather
was the tax assessor and stuff. And now, we're here to search everything you're doing here
on your ranch cuz you got hunters out here under a federal grant.
And we found out they were harassing people everywhere, old families who have no criminal
records. And it's all about government basically pissing on us to let us know, hey, you're
a criminal, government is God. And it just really lights a fire under my butt to just
fight that much harder.
Well, and let me tell you, I've got some great friends in US Fish and Wildlife. And I'm not
friends because I schmooze with them, it's because we are dedicated to conservation.
So I salute the genuine and law abiding federal agents of every agency out there. But I hope
the ones that are guilty are pissed off when they hear me talk about that. Because if you're
angry at what I'm saying, that would be guilt because they're Jack Buddhist thugs.
Well, the SWAT team raid is meant to chill and intimidate everybody into lying about
you to throw Ted Nugent in jail. Cuz if they can get Ted Nugent, they can get everybody
else after that.
And they tried it with my buddies, they actually reached it. Well, here's the clincher, these
subhuman punks, jackbooted punks, kicked down the wrong door. And I don't know if you know
anything about search warrants, but I've actually participated in a number of search warrants
as the searcher.
You've gotta have every description of that domicile, you've gotta have the color of brick,
you have to have the color of the side, and you have to have the street numbers and how
big and which way they face. You have to identify neighbor's homes. Well, these subhuman punks
kicked down the wrong door and held an old widow at gunpoint-
Incredible.
In Ted Nugent's stuff. She never even heard of me.
Probably the only person who hadn't. Again, this is what's so crazy about it, is that
they just continue to get crazier and crazier. Just like when you read the Declaration of
Independence, Ted Nugent, is it not like a mirror of what we're seeing unfold now?
Absolutely. And once I've said it over and over again, the Declaration of Independence,
the US Constitution, the Bill of Rights. If I was dropped here naked in the year four,
I could have written down all those points, even not being the victim of tyranny and oppression.
I know what freedom is. It's how God designed us to be self-sufficient, rugged individualism,
to pursue our individual dreams, to be an asset to the people around us-
Self-evident.
That provides us with soil and air and water and food and clothing and shelter. These are
self-evident truths that our founding fathers wrote down because we wanted to send George
a big middle finger message, don't tread on me. Here's what we didn't get under King George,
and here's what we're gonna demand. And if you try to take any of this away from us,
we will meet you at Concord Bridge, and we will blow your guts out.
And they try to demonize you for that, but that's self-evident right to not be a slave.
All the Bill of Rights the Constitution does is point out what's already there. And I loved
how they tried to spin what you said about Obama. Do you have any comments on that?
Well, you know, you talk about the time my friends from the Secret Service came and visited
me?
Yes.
You don't think I'm having any fun here, do you? I gotta tell you, I wasn't there when
Richard Pryor's Afro caught on fire, which was the highlight of comedy in the history
of humankind. But I get such a kick out of the media just doing somersaults in their
own excrement trying to attribute quotes to me that never came out of my mouth. And nowadays,
of course, everything is on film and there's recorded records of everything that comes
out of my mouth, yet they still lie through their teeth. So it was a pleasant experience.
But again, if you're gonna take on the devil, you have got to be prepared for the devil's
gang to misrepresent, to lie, to obfuscate, to literally go crazy trying to attribute
something to you that never took place. So all I can tell you about my experience with
the Secret Service, number one, I trained with them here in Texas, and I trained with
them around the country. They're actually part of the President Bush's personal counter-assault
team and they trained on my ranch up here in Waco, Texas. So I knew these guys and they
knew what I was made out of. And let me tell you what the bottom line is, the Secret Service
having to waste their time investigating Ted Law, biding asset to your fellow man, America
is, they were absolutely ashamed of themselves, but they had to do it because Barbara Boxer
and Dianne Feinstein and Sheila Jackson-Lee and-
Hold on one more second, we're gonna do five more minutes.
You are listening to GCN. Visit GCNlive.com today.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing
a full selection of silver-based products. Our most popular silver-based products are
the 32-ounce nano-silver solutions, our 2-ounce nano-silver nasal applicators, as well as
our all-natural silver soaps. Just released is our 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver
gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and leave the silver
at the surface. But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing
chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the
silver more effectively. Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver-based
products are best for you. That's www.silverlungs.com.
Again, ladies and gentlemen, the system tries to create a stereotype of myself, Ted Nugent,
and others. We're people that don't wanna be slaves. I mean, I take it real personal
when an authoritarian government tries to take over from an instinctual level, a survival
instinct, but also historically studying it.
That five minutes left in overdrive here on this Thursday edition with Ted Nugent. And
Ted, finishing up your Secret Service story, you got up to the point of when the Secret
Service had to visit you, when the media misconstrued what you'd said last year, what happened?
Well, the media, they didn't misconstrue, they intentionally lied about what I said.
Good point.
And I had a meeting with what I can only describe as the consummate professionals. These men
and women of the Secret Service, the vast majority of them are absolute dedicated warriors
that are standing up for we the people that are enforcing our laws and that live true
to their sacred oath to the U.S. Constitution. And all of them to the man and woman, Alex,
are gun guys. They love the Second Amendment, whether they're on duty or off, they're real
gun guys. So I consider them not only friends, but blood brothers.
We had a professional encounter. They had to check off the boxes because Sheila Jackson
Lee and President Obama and Eric Gunrunning Holder and all his communist czars and Barbara
Boxer and Dianne Feinstein and all these maniacs, they hate me so much that they forced the
Secret Service to investigate me. And at the end of the meeting, they said, well, we understand
now, Mr. Nugent, we appreciate your time and your professionalism and your courteousness.
And we realize now that there is no threat against anybody that you did not threaten
the president. And we apologize for wasting your damn time.
Absolutely, which is saying the president wasted their time in a very professional way.
In closing, I just wanna say this. I think and I want your take on it that it's backfired
that they're going after the Second Amendment because you know you don't need it till they
come after it. And again, that's a self-evident statement there.
But I really think this is the beginning of the end because they know the Second Amendment
is a beachhead of the republic. It's what the country was founded on. And on that, the
right to defend yourself, everything else is built on. And that's why they're trying
to kill it and knocking TV shows off Discovery and trying to have a purge and saying it's
like porn or we've gotta brainwash people is because the system knows that.
That's why 99% of cops in major polls are pro-gun. The Secret Service is pro-gun. Once
you've used guns, once you've been around it, you understand it. And it's literally
like a religion. We've just gotta take people out and teach them safety, teach them history,
get them into guns, it's over. I see liberals everywhere buying guns the last four or five
years.
And I think this desperate offensive against the Second Amendment is the death throes of
these people. Final comments on that subject, Ted Nugent.
Bottom line, I think everybody with a conscience and an ounce of sense realize that unarmed
and helpless is an irresponsible condition. And you should avoid it all at every opportunity
with all the intellectual responsibility to never be unarmed and helpless.
And when the worst condition of unarmed helplessness is when tyrants and dictators and slave drivers
and tyrants force the citizens into unarmed helplessness because Barack Obama and Eric
Holder and all the leftists, they have their dream. It's called Chicago. It's a gun-free
zone. You have to have the same state-issued paperwork. You have to have it in Savannah,
Cuba to own a gun or even buy BBs or pellets. You have to have a firearms owner's identification
card in Illinois since 1972. And it gets more dangerous there all the time. There's slaughtering
people left and right just while you and I've been on the air, Alex.
So everybody out there, number one, be a member of the National Rifle Association. Give away
membership to the National Rifle Association. Join your state firearms organization. Let
your elected officials know that you know that the right to keep and bear arms shall
not be infringed is what they took a vow to support.
Absolutely. And if they don't like it, get out of America. Ted Nugent. This has been
our best interview ever. TedNugent.com. Look forward to having you back again as soon as
you can. The Black Power Tour starts now. TedNugent.com. I'm Alex Jones with Infowars.com.
We'll be right back. Stay with us.
It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus can inflict severe
damage in the human body. Fortunately, a new and vastly improved silver solution has been
developed. Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary broad spectrum antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal
solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin. Supernatural Silver
is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers using a patented technology that is
highly effective against colds, flus, infections, food poisoning and yeast in addition to many
other pathogens. Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe and is the number
one choice of thousands of people for immune system support. Find out how Supernatural
Silver could change your life. Go to SupernaturalSilver.com and use the promo code Healthy for 20% off.
That's SupernaturalSilver.com and like us on Facebook.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms but if you don't have a home security system
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping
or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new
do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to GetSimplySafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power so even if the grid
goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed. GetSimplySafe.com. SimpliSafe is also ridiculously
easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes so there's no need to let a stranger into
your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever
you go. You aren't always at home but SimpliSafe will stand guard protecting your property
24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com.
Your freedoms are on the line. The Second Amendment is in danger. How soon before your
freedoms are taken away? What can you not live without? What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns? Is it your home? No, it's food. It all boils down to the food supply.
Tyrannical governments control people by controlling their food supply. Don't be dependent. Be
self-sufficient. Don't wait for the government to feed you. Feed yourself. I can warn you
but I can't feed you. Do Like Alex has done and get a supply of food from eFoods Direct.
It's the best long-term, storable food on the planet. Get the popular Mega Patriot Pack
free. A 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot and fuel. Call 800-409-5633 or go
to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot Packs free with purchase.
Build your food supply, be in control, be self-sufficient and be a patriot. Call 800-409-5633
or eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get your free Patriot Pack today.
We now take you live to the Central Texas Command Center in the heart of the resistance.
You are listening to the Alex Jones Show. Well, I've been interviewed by and had a lot
of really amazing people on last week from Ted Nugent to Michael Savage to Howard Stern
of all people. I was on his show. We're certainly breaking out, reaching new audiences and that's
what's important to wake people up to what's happening. And the reception across the board
is good because the establishment is getting so overtly crazy, not just Obama but the Republicans
as well have been critical obviously of the one party monopoly that masquerades with its
two heads.
But Gerald Cilente of thetrendsjournal.com is again probably the most popular guest we
have on. I know I always enjoy his wit and humor and also his piercing intellect into
what he sees in trends developing. And we also over the years have broken down trends
that we see developing, mainly from what MIT and DARPA and the globalists say they're gonna
do.
I don't have to even look into the future on things historically, they pretty much tell
us what they're gonna try to do, but not everything turns out the way they want. It doesn't matter,
they're in controls, they just regroup and move forward. The globalists according to
Brzezinski and others and I concur about 10 years behind. So we are in the fight but it's
very serious.
Now I've got a host of subjects I wanna get into with Gerald Cilente here today concerning
Bernanke, what's happening in Europe, the global meltdown, the fact that the bond market
is this huge bubble, a new housing bubble. We're gonna get into all of these points with
Gerald Cilente and some new nuances to major trends that he's been accurately predicting.
But I wanted to just raise this clip first with Gerald and get his take on it when working
in government, working as a consultant and things like that.
He's talked about that some of the past because I've studied history, I've studied the modern
elites, the white shoe boys as he calls them and the prostitutes that regurgitate things
for them. But now I'm seeing levels of regurgitation that I've never seen. I mean, it's like two
or three times worse where Gibbs gets up and says, yeah, I was told a lie and said there
were no drones even though it was an admitted drone program.
They now admit 2 billion bullets bought the last 14 months, that's official federal government
press releases. They came out in Politico and Slate saying Sarah Palin, whether you
love her or hate her, is insane and there are no bullets being bought. They just said
his internet rumor gave no proof. I mean, that's a thing that's been an AP Reuters,
you name it.
And I'm seeing more and more of this where all over the country they're passing laws
to forcibly inoculate kids and saying they don't need parental consent. I mean, they're
moving at light speed here and they're delusional because they're actually losing the public
because of this. And they think just because there's election fraud and they can keep reelecting
their puppets that we're not seeing through it.
I think we're getting to a Marie Antoinette French Revolution where they're about to beat
down the palace gates and the people are starving. They're begging for food and thousands are
dying a day in the city of Paris alone, your majesty. And she says, let them eat cake and
went off to play with our French poodles and French bulldogs.
And then they tore down the gates and killed everybody. So we're seeing these parallels
going on here. So I wanted to play this clip and then go to Gerald and get his take on
where he sees America going because the system is not going to back down. More and more we
see that's clear.
Let's go to this Robert Gibbs clip of where he makes a joke out of it, that he was lying
to the public under orders, lying about something that it's like saying New York City doesn't
exist. I mean, it's that bad. And what is the method to the madness? Here it is.
When I went through the process of becoming press secretary, one of the first things they
told me was you're not even to acknowledge the drone program. You're not even to discuss
that it exists. And so I would get a question like that. And literally I couldn't tell you
what major asked because once I figured out it was about the drone program, I realized
I'm not supposed to talk about it. But here's what's inherently crazy about that proposition.
You're being asked a question based on reporting of a program that exists. So you're the official
government spokesperson acting as if the entire program, pay no attention to the man behind
the curtain.
Now see, don't look a little man behind the curtain. That's a Wizard of Oz illusion. And
so we've gotten to this point now where on purpose, we're like, hey, you're confiscating
guns in New York and arresting veterans for clips over 10 mags. Well, that's not tyranny.
Or we don't want your guns as they introduce the bills federally to ban them. And we get
the official memorandums from the Justice Department about their plan to register and
then confiscate all guns.
And that's not even a news item. It's the deception and the military tactic of saying
this isn't an assault. It's like Mars attacks where the aliens are shooting people with
ray guns with loudspeakers saying don't run, we are your friends. And people are stopping
because they say that and the aliens are shooting them and then laughing. So this is a military
tactic.
Gerald Salente quantify this because for those of us that are half awake or informed, it's
comical and it wasn't so serious. What is the master strategy here to induce us into
mass Stockholm syndrome or learned helplessness or is the word normalcy bias? What is the
tactic and am I right from your research that things are getting much worse very quickly?
And the Cylon Raiders have attacked. Gerald Salente joining us via the miracle of Skype.
Gerald, did you get that question, that long question?
Yeah, we just lost your Skype. Okay, yeah, they've been having power outages and stuff
because of the storms. And we're gonna work that out with Gerald Salente. But you heard
my big question there to everyone about what we're facing as a society.
We were worried about the interview with Gerald because he's been having intermittent power
outages. And again, that was actually a transmission from Cylon. And then as the public proved
there wasn't a transmission from Cylon, I would say no, no, the Cylons are real. And
we're like, well, we have a memo where you admit the Cylons aren't real and that it's
a movie.
Cylons are real, you are a conspiracy theorist. So what do you do? I mean, we need to understand
this is a psychological tactic now, where they say we are not gonna put toll roads on
I-35, and then they officially are. And you go to the meeting and they go, we are not
putting toll roads on I-35, we are putting them on I-35.
But here you are a year ago swearing and it's law, you can't put it on 35 or MOPAC, and
now you're saying you're doing it. Well, we are not doing it, but we are. And you're in
a public meeting going, here's the official printout, we're here, you're about to vote
on this at the Campo board today.
And they go, no, we're not. And so it's a new tactic where they've learned if they just
act like, it's the equivalent of coming home and your wife is in bed with another man.
And the sheets are off, it's 100% what's happening, and you catch them in the act. The windows
are steamed up, the mirror in the bathroom is steamed up, you walk in, the wife is in
bed with another man.
You say, get off my wife, and they go, there is no wife, there is no man, there is no,
you're an Easter Bunny. And you're like, I'm an Easter Bunny. I mean, what are they doing?
What is happening? Okay, then that's my first question for Gerald, do we have him via phone?
This is quite the build up, let me tell you. Ladies and gentlemen, this is exciting. Hey,
Gerald's great on the phone, though we can't look at him, always sharply dressed. Okay,
we have video and phone audio.
Gerald, you heard my question about this tactic to boldly lie. Are they trying to train us
that lies are okay? Gerald Cilente, trendsjournal.com.
What it is Alex, it's fear and hysteria. They've been using it forever. And it's not only the
Obama's press secretary. Go back to that whole situation under George Bush. You remember
the guy that resigned and he refused to keep lying. And how about the Gulf of Tonkin? You
could go back to that one. All right, Saddam Hussein didn't have weapons of mass destruction
that ties to Al Qaeda. It's much bigger than that. I believe we have to go back to President
Dwight D. Eisenhower, the Supreme Commander of the Allied Forces during World War II,
a two term Republican president and a five star general who warned the people that the
military industrial complex is taking over the nation. And it's a takeover. It's not
only the military industrial complex taking us to war.
They've already declared that we're in a state of war at home. And that gives them the license
to surveil us all the time. I mean, you know what happened just a few days ago with the
Supreme Court refusing to hear the case of warrantless wiretapping and watching us make
every move that we make.
So you can see it's a complete military takeover, just different divisions of it.
That's right. You just pierced right to the core of it. And from my research, you're absolutely
right, Gerald. You said it in one minute when I said it in five. That is it. Under the rules
of war, you lie to people. And they've now declared war on us and treat us as the enemy
and officially say that.
And so we are treated as a foreign enemy. And this is the White Shoe Wall Street megabank
occupation. That's exactly what it is. And when you look at all of the wars passed in
modern history, the fundamentals behind the wars were economics. I've made this very clear
over and over again.
You don't even have to go back that far, Alex. You go back to the crash of 1929, the Great
Depression, currency wars, trade wars, World War. You look at it now, the Panic of 08,
currency wars, the Great Depression. We're in a depression. You know what they call over
there in Italy and in Spain and in Greece and in Portugal with average unemployment
around 20%, some places 27%, other places 15, 18%. They still call it a recession.
Millions of people taking to the streets. It doesn't make the US news. They're not talking
about it. In Spain this last weekend, millions of people took to the streets. Coming up tomorrow
in Portugal, millions of people are slated to hit the streets again. It's a depression.
And now you listen to the new prime minister of Japan. You listen to the former head of
the Bundesbank, now chairman of UBS, Alex Verba. You listen to the head of the Bank
of England, Mervyn King. We're in a currency war. Now they're talking about trade wars.
Next is World War. When all else fails, they take you to war. And that's what we're heading
toward. And I believe they know it because as we're seeing what we saw in Italy recently
with the new party coming in and gaining all of that power, you saw the world equity markets
go into panic. Why? Because they know that the people are no longer going to take it.
So they are preparing for the worst. And the worst is when the people hit the streets.
We're going to come back with that key information with Gerald Cilente and then get into the
rest of the key info he's got to cover today. Stay tuned. Tell your friends and family tune
in. This is important. It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, moles
and fungus can inflict severe damage in the human body. Fortunately, a new and vastly
improved silver solution has been developed. Supernatural silver is a revolutionary broad
spectrum antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal solution that can be used inside the body
as well as on the skin. Supernatural silver is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic
silvers using a patented technology that is highly effective against colds, flus, infections,
food poisoning and yeast. In addition to many other pathogens, Supernatural silver is scientifically
supported extremely safe and is the number one choice of thousands of people for immune
system support. Find out how Supernatural Silver could change your life. Go to SupernaturalSilver.com
and use the promo code healthy for 20% off. That's SupernaturalSilver.com and like us
on Facebook. Digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins. That bears
repeating. Digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins. And ProEM1
daily probiotic cleanse is the key to digestive health. ProEM1 is a powerful liquid probiotic
strong enough to cleanse, gentle enough to use every day. ProEM1 is dairy, wheat and
soy free, contains all natural and certified organic ingredients, contains no preservatives
or animal products, supports a healthy digestive and immune system, supports weight loss, improves
absorption of food nutrients, aids in controlling yeast infections, is never freeze dried and
uses three groups of live viable beneficial microbes to cleanse and remove toxins. Order
ProEM1 daily probiotic cleanse at Tereganics.com, spelled T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X.com, Tereganics.com
or call toll free, 866-369-3678. That's 866-369-3678. ProEM1, the raw probiotic.
Naggin constipation, hemorrhoids or painful bowel movements? Have you considered your
toilet posture? The colon needs proper alignment for faster, more effective elimination and
that's exactly what you'll get with a Squatty Potty. Not a cleanse or a pill, the Squatty
Potty is a healthy step in the right direction, is doctor recommended and starts at just $34.95.
Call 855-628-1099 or go to SquattyPotty.com, spelled S-Q-U-A-T-T-Y Potty.com. Squatty Potty,
healthy colon, happy life.
Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered why banks, stock workers, investment advisors
won't talk about gold IRAs? They've been available since 1986, yet the financial industry won't
recognize the value of gold for your retirement. Gold is outperformed paper investments, yet
no word about IRAs. If you would like to have gold for your retirement, call 800-686-2237.
Don't get left behind by rising inflation and low returns, call 800-686-2237. Secure
your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
Fall in love with food storage savings this February at BePrepared.com. Through today
only, BePrepared.com saves you over $300 with a premium 1,600 one-year supply, including
126 cans of freeze-dried and dehydrated food. Or get the new gourmet 14-day food supply
with a full 2,000 calories per day with pre-planned menu. Stroganoff and noodles are 20% off with
purchase of six or more. Mountain House pork chops are back in stock at 34% off. Pack your
own low-moisture foods with our new do-it-yourself super pale combo on sale at 22% off. Add to
your preparedness with minor surgery kits at 15% off. And wool-blended blankets are
only $11.89. The February fall in love with savings sale ends today at BePrepared.com.
For contents and details, visit BePrepared.com or call 800-999-1863. The choice is clear.
Be unprepared or BePrepared.com.
All right, Gerald Cilente is our guest. I want to go right back where he left off as
they gear up for the implosion, as the bond markets get spooked, as the bubble we're in
in America frays at the edges. Gerald, what do you expect to see happen? Gerald Cilente?
Yes, before I move on to that, I want to follow up on what you were talking about with Gibbs
and the lies. I remember now it was Scott McClellan under Bush. And actually we did
a whole piece in the Trends Journal about how he wrote a book and how they dismissed
him and how the prostitutes tried to drive him into the ground. And we did a complete
analysis of how all the prostitutes from ABC, CBS, CNN, the same names you hear today, knew
it was a lie and were afraid to speak out.
And here's something just from a couple of days ago from the toilet paper of record,
the New York Times, about how they cooked the books on the progress, the so-called progress
in Afghanistan. You saw that article that just came out?
Absolutely. Yeah, Afghan signs of progress turned out
to be error. Isn't that nice? Yeah, they forgot to carry a one, you know? So the whole thing
is one big lie. Look what's going on as they're talking about sequestering, you know?
What's that? It's fear and hysteria from the DC drama queens and the beltway circle jerks.
This is all they do. It's one failure after another. And here's the nice news. Hey, all
you folks that are losing your homes, can't find a good job. Hey, Detroit's turning to
crap. Camden's just wonderful. Would you like to have a vacation in a beautiful run-down
US city?
Hey, they just sent more money to friends of Syria. Isn't that wonderful? Nice Islamists
fronting for the US military. Friends of Syria. Hey, why don't they start a Friends of Alex
Jones and Gerald Cilenti campaign instead of sending these criminals already $400 million.
Now get back to work, everybody. Stop those shelves at Walmart. Put on a nice smile when
you walk into Staples and say, have a nice day as you leave as they rob your money to
give it to their friends. So when you look at the news and you see a tiny little story
on how they lied during the so-called troop surge that that wonderful liberal Obama sent
33,000 more troops to Afghanistan.
Sure.
Surge, it was a disaster. But they don't promote it as that. Oh, look for the white smoke coming
out of the Vatican. That's what they're talking about today. Gerald, we're going to break.
This is a short segment, long segment coming up. We're gonna get into the technicals and
Bernanke and some of the points you wanted to get into when I asked you on the show.
But before we do that, just specifically for listeners, I remember five years ago when
Obama was first running. In the middle of the campaign, they bragged that Google and
Twitter were working with him and giving him their databases to send out fake tweets and
fake Facebooks. And I actually pulled the articles up. I remember last year USA Today
did an article, Obama has millions of fake Twitter followers.
It was admitted, 18 million of them. So all of this is going on. They brag about it, the
Democratic Party, then a congressman who doesn't know what's going on, but he notices they're
fake. He comes out and they deny it when they're bragging about it last year. So I wanted to
show people this on TV.
Republican rep claims Obama backers using fake Twitter accounts. Bush was doing this,
but now it's expanded. They've got sock puppets, we've tracked it on infowars.com, that are
fake anti-liberty people. It's on YouTube. That's all admitted, the Pentagon sock puppets.
It's all admitted. But even congressmen who start to discover it, the media then lies
and says they're lying. I mean, again, they deny things that are admitted.
Well, again, of course they do. It's the whole corrupt system. Again, they take you to war
for lies. They sacrifice our lives for lies. They steal our money for lies. And by the
way, I wanna let you know, I go to your site every day and the information that you're
putting out there in some of those videos, like the one I just watched yesterday with
being stopped at checkpoints, what, 50, 30 miles away from borders.
People should see this all the time. It's up to 100.
It's 100 miles away now. Well, the one I hit was 77, but yeah, they go up to 100.
Yeah, so the atrocities that are being committed against us, and the people don't wanna hear
it. They're locked into their belief systems.
Well, here's what I wanna ask you. We gotta go to break at trendsjournal.com, Gerald Cilente.
What do you then, cuz you've called all the big trends where they happen, what do you
expect as a dead reckoning, how all this will play out? I wanna see you look far off in
the future, bad case, good case, ugly case, and then I wanna get into the current technical
financials and the new Trends Journal that's coming out and the free trends alerts.
People can sign up for it, trendsjournal.com.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria,
viruses, moles, and fungus can inflict severe damage in the human body. Fortunately, a new
and vastly improved silver solution has been developed. Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary
broad spectrum anti-bacterial, anti-viral, anti-fungal solution that can be used inside
the body as well as on the skin. Supernatural Silver is unique and superior to colloidal
and ionic silvers using a patented technology that is highly effective against colds, flus,
infections, food poisoning, and yeast in addition to many other pathogens. Supernatural Silver
is scientifically supported, extremely safe, and is the number one choice of thousands
of people for immune system support. Find out how Supernatural Silver could change your
life. Go to SupernaturalSilver.com and use the promo code healthy for 20% off. That's
SupernaturalSilver.com and like us on Facebook.
A little over a year ago, I began to do a lot of research into why even if I had a pretty
good sized meal that I was still starving. And my research led me to a well-known fact
that most of the soils that we grow our crops on here in the United States and across the
industrialized world are almost completely depleted of almost all of the key minerals
and trace elements that our bodies need to rebuild themselves, fight off cancer, and
be healthy. I then searched out the best vitamin and mineral company out there and discovered
Younggeviti. The Younggeviti products are designed to give you the real nutrition you
need. And once you've got that, you don't have to eat as much to be satisfied. I've
lost 37 pounds in two months, simply getting the vitamins and minerals I need. Check it
out for yourself. It's incredible. Go to InfowarsTeam.com today and order your first canister of Beyond
Tangy Tangerine complete multivitamin mineral complex dietary supplement. That's InfowarsTeam.com.
The answer to 1984 is 1776. You're listening to the Alex Jones Show. We not only like to
plug our new affiliates, and there's going to be a whole bunch of them we've got to mention
next week, three or four new ones, several I didn't mention last week, so I guess five
or six next week we'll be mentioning.
Maybe even tomorrow, except I'm not doing the show tomorrow. It's Mike Adams, so that's
why it's next week. Affiliates in Focus WASB 1590 AM in Rochester, New York's been carrying
the show for almost 15 years. Probably our oldest affiliate next to WBCR outside Knoxville
and the great Harry Groth John down there. So 14, 15 years WASB, because we had some
affiliates that were even older, but those change formats or sell.
These are our oldest affiliates, almost 15 years. WASB 1590 AM Rochester, New York, big
thanks to Gail Reed and the staff at WASB. And then a newer affiliate, WRPW 92.9 FM in
Bloomington, Illinois. The news and talk of Bloomington, check out events and contest
at cities929.com, cities929.com. So very thankful, over 150 affiliates. And every week I'd like
to thank a couple of the older affiliates and the newer ones, but also plug the new
ones.
So very, very exciting that all of that is happening. And what happens is stations end
up picking up the Sunday show, which is live, and we did that on purpose so they'd have
something to put their toe in the water, something to test us out. And then they end up putting
us on at night, and then we get higher ratings on their daytime shows, they end up putting
us on live.
And it's pretty much the same thing has happened at every station we've been on, by the grace
of God, very exciting, and thanks for putting up with me. So be sure and support those local
AM and FM affiliates, and support us with the incredible health products like Beyond
Zangitangerine, discounted at infowarshealth.com, and the phone numbers are there if you wanna
call and order or ask questions.
And sign up for auto-ship and get free shipping at infowarshealth.com. And again, if you scroll
down, I'll just give folks the phone number there. It is 888-789-9277, 888-789-9277. If
you have any questions or wanna sign up or become a distributor, 888 and get even bigger
discounts, 888-789-9277, infowarshealth.com. Go print off the free catalog. It is the best
stuff we found, all assembled in one area.
And there's a lot of videos of myself and doctors and researchers and Aaron Dykes there
at infowarshealth.com. Okay, I'm gonna try to really shut up and give Gerald Cilente
the floor cuz he's got a lot to cover. And I really also enjoy watching the new TV news
updates they're doing over at trendsjournal.com. They're just really adding a lot more over
there via demand.
People want more and we appreciate him giving us time here. So you heard my question before
the break, no need to restate it other than for new listeners. We've seen this in history.
We see the arrogance of the elite where they start smoking their own dope. I don't see
this going well for civilization or the establishment. I don't think they're gonna get away with
what they're doing, but they may bring down society in the process.
So looking out into the future, the good scenarios, the bad scenarios, the ugly scenarios, let's
start with the bad scenarios. What happens if this continues a year, two years, five
years, where does it lead?
Well again, let's look at the financial facts first. We just saw the dog and pony show put
on by Osama Ben Bernanke, America's public enemy number one. And I say that the Federal
Reserve Chairman, there's a couple of important things to remember about this.
You know, Alex, it takes them five years as part of the whole scam to release the Fed
minutes for we the people to read. Isn't that wonderful? We're too stupid to read them as
they come out. They have to wait for five years. Of course, they do that purposefully
so that we can't see how dumb they are.
Because everybody can now see what morons they are when you see that as the crash was
happening, the panic of 08 was underway. And as we were warning everyone that it was happening,
the Federal Reserve from their minutes, none of them, none of them saw it coming and they
kept denying the facts.
So now we fast forward to now five years later, and there's Bernanke a few days ago at the
congressional hearings. And what does he say? Well, first, what he said was that they're
going to keep the stimulus going. They call it quantitative easing. Of course, that's
white shoe boy language for printing digital money not worth the paper it's not printed
on. And this is historical. Nothing has ever happened like this in history, because it's
not only the United States.
As I mentioned, the new Bank of Japan guy, he's printing more money as well. You go over
to Europe, they have a different name for it. That guy Mario Draghi, who's the head
of the European Central Bank. Just a little background on him, of course, he was the former
vice chairman of the European division of the Goldman Sachs gang.
They call it long term refinancing operations. You can't remember that name? Try throwing
out L throw and then try throwing this into it. You look at how they were supposed to
pay back the money. Well, the numbers just came in a few days ago. Of course, it doesn't
make the Prestitude Press. They're not paying it back. They don't have the dough.
So now you're looking at, well, come up with another word. If five letters are too much,
how about OMT? Ongoing monetary transactions. You like that one? We'll keep printing more
money. So you look at China as well. They're doing it differently. And I have to admit
much smarter because they're not only giving the money to the banks, what they're doing.
This may upset a lot of people. They're building the infrastructure. Yeah, that's right. They
have rail systems there that put hours to shame.
They're taking all the fiat crud that's soon to be worth nothing and building a civilization
with it. And the globalist can put policies here to shut us down while allowing them to
develop because China, according to the CFR, is the future.
Exactly, I mean, you look like that guy Bloomberg, the mayor in New York. He's going all around
the country touting his gun control program. Hey Bloomberg, you ever go down into the subway?
You want a day in Calcutta? Try riding the New York subways. It's a disgrace. I travel
the world. There's no place as disgraceful as the subway system in America.
That species being mugged, I've been in there, it's pretty scary.
Yeah, get thrown onto the tracks, have a nice day. So as we're looking at it, now Bernanke
is coming out and saying, here's the warning signal. Interest rates may go up. He says
it's going to be showing a sign of economic vitality. You know what that is, that's BS.
Because look at the numbers that just came out today. Yeah, hey, GDP for the first, the
last quarter of 2012, it didn't decline 0.1%. It grew 0.1%. Oh, wonderful, wonderful growth.
So what they're saying, there is no vitality. I'm pointing this out, Alex, so that people
can be prepared for what's going to happen. At some point, they're going to have to raise
interest rates. You can't keep this going. This is unprecedented. As I said, it's worldwide.
All they're doing is shoveling money in to keep the Ponzi scheme going.
Oh, and just to show that it's not going, another little story that just came out, that
$83 billion in profits that the big banks reported last year, they weren't profits at
all. It's because we the taxpayers subsidizing them to get cheap money. So now, going back
to the interest rates, why is the housing market pumped up again? Because you could
borrow money.
I just bought properties over here, as you know. I'm buying historical properties in
colonial Kingston. I bought a 1750s house, a 1774.
You're betting on America. Your idea is don't leave the country. You're betting on America.
You're all in.
Yeah, exactly. But the last one I just got a loan for, it's a residential from 17, I
think 68, for 2.87%. And it's locked in for 15 years. But you're paying these back with
cheap money. But now interest rates are going to have to go up. That's going to stop the
real estate from, it will go back into a steep decline. Now, number two, they're also pointing
to auto sales. Oh, brilliant. I got a deal for you, pal. How about 0% for 60 months?
It's just another scam of like they did in the mortgage market. But now they're doing
it in the auto market. So everything they're doing is they're creating another bubble.
It cannot continue. When we're talking about the sequestering baloney and fiscal cliffs,
this is chump change. They're never going to pay off $16.5 trillion in debt, plus, plus,
plus, plus when you put the pensions and other things into it.
So what does this mean? They're going to devalue the currency. They did the same thing during
the Great Depression. And when I talk, by the way, and I'll get back to the Great Depression
and how they devalued the dollar. But when I talk about currency wars and world wars,
do you know, Alex, that as the trade wars started heating up and the countries try to
sell more of their crap, Japan took themselves off the gold standard and lowered the value
of the yen to 60% below the US dollar and 40% below the pound sterling.
That allowed them to export more products, hence the trade wars and world wars. The United
States tried to do the same thing, but they weren't as successful at it. We were on the
gold standard back then, as you well know and the listeners do, too. They made us return
our gold to the Federal Reserve.
They took our money and then they devalued, it was $22, I believe, in 60 cents an ounce
or something like that. When we turned it all in, they repaid the price of gold at $35
an ounce, which meant that you lost 70% of your purchasing power. That's what they're
going to do. They're going to devalue our currency.
Why aren't gold prices going higher? They're only about, as we speak now, about what, 1580.
The reason, I believe, is that they're rigging the market. A conspiracy theory? No.
No, look at LIBOR. You got it. You got it. Look at LIBOR. How many hundreds of trillions
of dollars worth of interest rates were rigged? This is not a conspiracy theory. It's fact.
It's hard fact. So if they're rigging that, of course, they're rigging gold because-
Well, they've been caught doing it before. I mean, and they've got fake tungsten gold.
And the proof is, as you've said, Germany and all these other countries like Venezuela,
they want their gold back. And the Federal Reserve's like, we'll give it to you in installments
over the next decade.
Yeah, right. They wouldn't bring it over by carrier pigeon. It's going to take the 2020.
Gold's not there. And they know that by debasing the currencies and people going into gold,
it will bring down the Ponzi scheme. So that's why they're debasing. Gold markets are very
thinly traded. It's very easy to be manipulating them as well as silver. So for me, again,
I do not give financial advice only for myself. I continue to buy gold. I continue to buy
silver because I believe it's a Ponzi scheme.
And even though other investments aren't perfect, anything's going to be better than a devalued
dollar. So if you've got surplus funds, real estate, gold, silver, but you've got to study
the real estate or you can get your butt handed to you.
Again, I'm only buying historic buildings on the most historic corner in the United
States. The only place on each corner is a pre-revolutionary stone building.
Now, I understand how long-
Because I love this country.
I understand how long until they raise the interest rates.
It's hard to tell because it depends on the currency wars. We just saw Venezuela devalue
their currency. And we're watching what's going on in Japan.
And they never announce it beforehand. They just do it, boom.
They do it. Not only that, look what the Swiss did. I used to call the money cockroaches
of the world. And I used to invest in Swiss francs. But then they pegged it to the euro
because the franc was becoming so expensive, their companies couldn't export product.
So yeah, they're going to do it like that. But I believe the flash point is going to
be terror or war, fake flag or real.
I agree with you. And now the attorney general who ran Fast and Furious is back in the news,
suddenly saying that the anti-government people, you and I, Ron Paul, that we're the new terror
threat. I mean, how obvious, the whole homeland security grid. Now, now Al Qaeda is our buddy
over there fighting Assad.
The globalists say we're the terrorist. I mean, this is just textbook central government
takeover by a bunch of crooks.
It is. I want to go back to that Gibbs point. My staff got me the Trends Journal. It was
the one with that wonderful Anthony Frieda, screw the people piece here. There was a sense
of pressure. There was a sense of pressure from the corporations who own where we work
and from government itself to really squash any dissent.
This is about the Iraq War, said Katie Couric, quote, I could remember getting in trouble
with administration officials because of asking questions they didn't feel comfortable with.
Sound familiar? Here we go.
Sounds like Bob Woodward. And here's the thing, they later tattle about it like it makes it
okay that they lied to us.
What kind of courage? Imagine dying and knowing you were a person like this with no courage,
dignity or self-respect, it gets better. There was a drumbeat of support from the administration
and it is not our job to debate them. Coward, that prostitute-
Did you hear that? It's not our job to debate the government. We regurgitate whatever they
vomit on us.
That's right. That was from Charlie Gibson, ABC. And we go on to write, whistleblower
McClellan accused the White House, this is the wars that they sold us. They cost us a
trillion dollars that wounded hundreds of thousands of our friends and neighbors and
relatives, fighting a useless war.
Killed 5,000 and about a million Iraqis. Yeah, here, whistleblower McClellan accused the
White House, quote, of spreading distortions, shading the truth, speaking half-truths, and
telling, quote, outright lies in a, quote, political propaganda campaign to sell the
war to the American people, end quote.
Where are the war tribunals? How come these people that took us to war are not being brought
up on war crimes?
And what's amazing, it then gives a green light to the next tyrant Obama to do whatever
he wants. And then he gets away with it all, Benghazi, all these other energy scams, the
stuff that's happened with Fast and Furious. I mean, it is just, the green light's been
given. So what's coming next? How do we fight back against it? Bradley Manning has now pled
guilty, ladies and gentlemen.
Hey there, my name is Frank Bates. Do you know the number one most valuable item in
a crisis? Some people think the answer is gold. Others think it's a gun, but the correct
answer will shock you. I just created a free video at crisis123.com that reveals a surprising
item that is more valuable than gold in a crisis. 97% of Americans don't have this one
critical item. In fact, they haven't even given it a thought. And the sad truth is that
you may not survive without it when a real crisis hits and a starving mob is right outside
your door. But I have to tell you, it could literally make the difference between life
and death for you and your family. Watch my video at crisis123.com to discover the number
one most valuable item in a crisis. You'll be shocked. See the controversial video that
thousands of other smart patriots have already seen in the last three months. Go watch my
video now at crisis123.com before they force me to shut it down. Again, that's crisis123.com.
Hey everybody, Ty Bollinger here. Once again, real life, real stories. And he discovered
Carnivora was so thrilled with the product that he shared it with his family and his
friends and his patients. My dad was a family physician, he was a medical doctor. Almost
all the symptoms were either diminished or gone. Amazing product, amazing results. Like
an amazing thing having such a profound change how I feel and knowing that it was the Carnivora
that did it. And a lot of patients got better, ranging from immune dysfunction to allergies
and infection. Here's the toll free telephone number to call to access the Carnivora telecast
at carnivora.com on Tuesday, March 12, 8pm Eastern Time. Call 1-888-694-9666. That's
1-888-694-9666. Once again, 1-888-694-9666. Visit c-a-r-n-i-v-o-r-a.com or call 1-866-VenusFly
to order now. Is this the year you finally get serious about your family's drinking
water? If so, keep listening for a special offer from Big Berkey Water Filters. Did you
know that over 60% of municipal water is fluoridated? Berkey Water Filters distinguish themselves
from many other filtration systems with the capability to significantly reduce dangerous
chlorine, fluoride, arsenic and disinfection byproducts from municipal water via the Black
Berkey and PF line of filters. Then there's affordability. At only 1.7 cents per gallon,
Berkey Water Filters purify treated and untreated water, even stagnant pond water. Stop and
think how much money you could save by simply reducing buying bottled water and using water
filtered by your Berkey Water Filter. No need to be constantly replacing expensive filters
with a Berkey. A single set of filters can last for 5 to 10 years. Choose the best size
Berkey for your needs at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com. And right now, all GCN listeners get 5% off
all ceramic filter systems. Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY. That's 877-99-BER-KEY or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
And free shipping on every order over $50. Big Berkey Water Filters, for the love of
clean water.
Yeah, Bradley Manning is pled guilty to misusing classified data in WikiLeaks. But what about
journalists they arrest who report crimes or government people like that CIA guy that
exposed illegal torture? He's spending 30 months in jail for doing his job. I mean,
shame on the FBI, shame on the federal government, shame on those juries, what they've turned
into.
I mean, this is so dangerous. And you've got a government using fake Twitter and Facebook
accounts and they get caught. And then they just deny it and the media goes along with
it. By the way, if you want the best gravity fed stainless steel filters, side by side
comparisons with the leading competition, blows them away what I use. ProPure, available
at M4WarsStore.com, discounted at the lowest price anywhere, 10% off with promo code WATER.
Go to the site, buy the books, buy the videos, buy the materials, it helps build our news
organization.
And go to TrendsJournal.com and subscribe to the Trends Journal, great quarterly, big
thick magazine. You got the Trends Alert, so much more. Support the true free press
in this country. Gerald, we only got four or five minutes left. Other key points you're
gonna wish you covered once we're gone, once this show's over today, am I right in saying
the craziness is intensifying and I think there's a breaking point?
Or are the psych warfare chiefs just breaking the will with a normalcy bias where people
just expect anything?
I think it's both of what you said. And I think there's a model for us all to follow
that's really not making it very much in the American media. And that's what just happened
in Italy.
Yeah.
Something that we've been following for quite some time, predicted it in the Trends Journal.
You did, only country to say no to the banks first.
Yep, and that's the Beppi Grillo's five star movement. They call him a comedian, he's not
a comedian, he's a brilliant satirist. You wanna see a comedian, how about those buffoons
out there on the presidential reality show?
Yeah, so the only big country in Europe is Italy so far. The bankers, Bilderberger upset,
the small country that did it was Iceland. That's the model, isn't it?
Yes, and this is really what's interesting with Beppi Grillo's five star movement. He
never appeared on one, he refused to go on any of the TV shows with the prostitutes.
He is the model for the Internet candidate that we wrote about in the Trends Journal
in December of 1999. He did it with, remember the Internet was new back then-
You don't go on the big shows, so called big mainline shows anymore, most of them.
Yeah, he wouldn't do any of it. He did it with Facebook, he did it with Twitter. He
did it like you and like I'm doing it with our own TV broadcasts. He did it by making
74 stops around the country where hundreds of thousands of people turned out to hear
him.
He did it by galvanizing the people that were intelligent enough not to believe in the corrupt
two party system.
He got up off his butt and went outside the system, built our own system, that's the answer.
That's the answer. He refuses now, they can't form a government because he has so holding
so many seats. He refuses to deal with either of the two corrupt parties. He wants to bring
the Euro zone and the Euro up for referendum.
Yes.
Let the people vote.
Kill the Euro which they brag was designed to implode countries and take them over by
the banksters.
Yes, so the model exists. It's the five star movement. The model exists in Iceland. The
model exists in the heart, in the mind and the spirit of each individual that has the
courage to look within themselves to find it.
This isn't, there's nothing complicated about this. How could, did you see the pictures
of Obama in front of that big propeller at the Virginia shipyard the other day? Who could
believe this stuff?
Incredible. Gerald Salente, trendsjournal.com. I'm Alex Jones with prisonplanet.tv and infowars.com.
Don't forget tonight's news at seven o'clock. Thank you so much, Gerald.
Thank you, Alex.
I'm Gerald Salente.
