My life's like a Batman movie.
Good brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups.
I'm on air.
You want answers? Well, so does he.
No, I did that on purpose.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
I just got here in the studio about two minutes ago,
and I just almost basically could have gotten killed out on the highway.
So that's why.
I don't have a new hairstyle. This is what my hair looks like.
I just comb it straight back, drive it to the office,
and then usually comb it before I go on air.
Now I've got the Pentecostal preacher look.
Got that nice shaving nick.
If you're a radio listener where simulcasting on TV
is why I'm not engaged in some type of narcissism,
really, this is just a prop for my story that just happened.
I'm driving into work. I'm already late.
I usually get ready at home.
I usually get here about an hour to 30 minutes before.
But I was about 20 minutes out.
I'm very close to the office,
and it looks like a city refuse truck, not a trash truck.
I see this big piece of plastic flapping in the back.
They harass the private truck drivers.
They have dust on the bumper.
They give them $500 truck police fines.
We've done reports on that in the past.
But, of course, the city health department can have three-foot grass
and falling down walls,
and city council people are exempt from zoning stuff with their projects.
I've done countless reports on that.
It's the same all over the country.
The globalists are exempt from all their own regulations.
So I'm driving about 70 miles an hour.
I'm in the slow lane.
I'm coming up to my exit,
and I start looking at this big black-and-white piece of plastic.
And I'm sure construction people know what it is.
It's white on one side, black on the other.
It's like 10 times stronger than normal trash bags.
And it's like 50 feet wide, about 50 feet long,
like a movie.
It flies out, goes like 100 yards,
because I don't follow close, or 200 yards,
perfectly going over the front of my Ford F-150 pickup truck.
I don't see anything.
It's like something Batman would hit.
And then it just releases this thing, comes out,
and opens up, and on the front.
And I'm like, and by the grace of God,
I'm driving, I'm slowing down.
I'm slowing down.
I'm going, okay, just keep it straight, slow down.
It's all around the windows.
I can't see anything.
Man, I wish I had surveillance footage of this.
I bet cops are listening.
They can go pull it.
And so there's plastics on the front of the car.
And by the grace of God,
that only happened for about four or five seconds.
And I'm already starting to slow down.
It flies over the top,
but ties up around the windshield, the mirror,
the passenger side mirror is hanging out under the truck.
So I drive off and cars don't slow down.
They're almost running into me.
They're flying past me.
People have death wishes out there.
And then I've got to like get the plastic off the vehicle.
And then people are looking at me as I walk off
with this big pile of plastic on the side of the road.
I'm not putting it in the back of my truck
and driving with that flying back out on somebody.
And then I exit again.
And then, oh, wait, something's trailing.
A piece of it flapping like 50 feet out the back.
So then I turn off into some office park.
This is an industrial area.
People are staring at me, fishing it out.
I leave that on the side of the road.
Some guy, some air conditioner place is staring at me
like I'm littering.
I just knew a cop was going to say,
what are you doing littering?
I'm just going to blow up.
I mean, anyways, so that's just what happened.
And so I was already going to play this.
April Fools is coming up,
but I'll just give you a heads up right now.
I am endorsing gun control and gun confiscation.
And we're going to play that special report.
It's pretty powerful that Dara McBrain and I put together
coming up after this quick break.
And actually, I can't even run out of here during this,
though, because this is great for radio.
But part of it, a couple minutes in,
has to be narrated because it's scenes of robbers
robbing people and then being shot or driven off.
So I'll have a couple minutes.
I'll have a couple minutes to run out of here.
You know what?
I should really play this at the bottom of the hour.
I don't know.
I can just go with the must look and the shaving cut.
Like the butt cut Alfred E. Newman look.
I mean, I don't think that's a problem.
I'm going to go try to comb my hair during the break.
We'll be right back, ladies and gentlemen.
I did some preparation for about three hours at home.
But now there's a bunch of crazy news.
It's all on Infowars.com.
And we'll be right back after this quick break.
I'm your host, Alex Jones.
So stay with us.
We'll be right back.
Introducing Pro1, all of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go.
No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride
and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid.
Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic
with new Aquamedics advanced media for removal of fluoride
and other heavy metals, all in one filter element.
It is the only one that does it.
And out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides,
herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine.
Hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro Pure with the new Pro1 filters today at Infowarsstore.com
or by calling 888-253-3139.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes
or the threat of martial law have highlighted the need for Americans
to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold and weapons.
But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria,
viruses, moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life,
making it the number one choice of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared,
go to SupernaturalSilver.com.
Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day.
If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better.
You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared.
For years we've told you about our friends at e Foods Direct.
They have the best tasting long-term storable food on the planet.
This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight.
A long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost
and the availability of the one thing you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from e Foods Direct.
Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars
with free shipping on all food supplies.
Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared.
Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
You can bet your life on e Foods Direct.
Crashing through the lies and disinformation, it's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
We are live, ladies and gentlemen.
Thank you so much for joining us.
This is a Twilight Zone episode of the radio broadcast.
Driving into work today, a giant piece of plastic blew out of a refuse city truck
and enveloped my vehicle and was blind.
It almost had a wreck and no one seemed to care.
Everybody just went along their merry way,
just like no one seems to care that tyranny is taking over
or a woman can be raped in public and left to bleed to death in the street
of Toronto or New York and no one helps them.
It just shows a nation, a world of mesmerized lemmings
that don't see themselves as actually affecting the world,
but see themselves as spineless creatures.
People would go about their business on any front,
unless the mainstream media says something's a big issue
and then people are very freaked out.
I mean, there's even a lot of, quote, mainline conservatives
that are like, we better turn our guns in.
The Southern Baptist Convention, the Vatican officially says,
ban the Second Amendment, turn all your guns in.
And it's of the Lord to do it, of course,
and because of the children of Sandy Hook.
And everyone says you're cowardly, you're degenerate.
Everyone in Hollywood, basically, if you don't turn your guns in,
well, they have bodyguards and own guns.
But, oh, it's not scary when the government has guns
and are the only ones with guns.
And forget logic and common sense.
It's an enemy, it's a menace, it's a big problem.
It doesn't matter that Switzerland has the lowest crime rate in the world.
It doesn't because they have total gun ownership.
It doesn't matter if we're close to total gun ownership.
It doesn't matter if the United States,
since guns have re-proliferated since 1991,
has had a 49% drop in violent crime rates, FBI statistics.
None of that matters because we are collectively guilty.
We've now got the Shepard Fairey guy
who got caught lying about copyrights and things, reportedly.
He's come out and said that, basically, you're a Satanist if you own guns.
Unless the government has them,
or when he's promoting Mao Tse Tung or Che Guevara,
mass murderers, they're allowed to have guns.
Just not anybody who's for freedom.
Oh, whoa, that's Satan.
And he's got that new poster out.
Put in fullwars.com. There's a big article about that today.
Just an example of their incredible hypocrisy.
Let me show you who's scary having guns.
Let's punch up drudgereport.com right now for TV viewers.
Radio listeners can go there.
The little swollen, pudgy-faced guy who couldn't fight his way
out of an invisible paper bag,
couldn't fight his way out of a flock of butterflies flying his direction.
That would blow him over.
In fact, it's the thought of a breeze would blow him over,
but now he's all basically possessed, now all craze-eyed,
with maps demanding where the missiles be targeted
and where he mainly demands they be targeted.
This is no April Fool's early, ladies and gentlemen.
He is demanding that Austin, Texas be targeted immediately.
I love it.
Oh, my gosh. I had this thought.
Because I know, I've read the M.O. on this guy just a year ago.
He was in Switzerland and basically pampered there
at some ultra-elite bubble school for the elites' children.
And then he's obsessed with Hollywood, obsessed with pop culture,
and obsessed with him in the press.
And you know I've talked about what a degenerate, weak, ugly coward he is.
You know I've talked about how I know the globalists are corrupt and evil
and are using North Korea through China,
who the globalists manipulate to heighten tensions.
But that is, I mean, look at the photo. Let's punch it up.
The psychopath generals, every one of them, a picture tells a trillion words
of just how pathetic they are.
I mean, look at the dope next to him with some, you know,
like French Field Marshal De Gaulle hat on.
Those are the missile commanders in their little outfits.
I mean, they just look like complete lunatics.
And you've got to remember, these guys literally,
the main food staple is babies over there,
and millions of years starving to death.
They break up the families at birth
and then breed humans like animals in their own words
and take the children like eggs that you take from a hen.
This is the god of the state.
All of you that believe in the state, here it is.
They can't even make their own cars.
When they have military parades, they'll be like three vehicles.
It'll be 57 Chevys they bought through third parties.
I mean, routinely the limo will break down that he's in.
And I mean, it's just total la la land with a bunch of crazy perverts
with machine guns oppressing their people who don't even,
who are basically like in the 17th century.
Many sociologists compare it to, well, they call it the hermit empire.
I mean, it's just la la land, only two cities have energy part of the time now.
You can see that from satellite.
And it is just lunatic land.
And he is seen in the state-run videos and photos
commanding where he wants the missiles to hit.
And I just had this weird thought when I was talking about,
because you know we make fun of him a lot and it's viral
and people see it all over the world that he's probably watching the show.
You will die someday, you little coward,
just like your degenerate father and his degenerate mass-murdering father, okay?
You little piece of trash.
And of course, Austin's such a military target.
I got a gut feeling that the little turd watches this show, and that's good.
Reportedly, he also is very upset about things like Team America.
As pathetic as your dad was, you're even more pathetic.
And Dennis Rodman is a traitor to humanity,
because we know, everyone knows North Korea is the personification of joke evil.
But it's not a joke for those they're killing and torturing and feeding off of, literally.
Okay, but you are the god of the state, and look how pathetic you are.
And look at the manifestation of the hereditary king.
They already call them royalty. They already call them gods over there.
That is royalty. Kim Jong-un is royalty.
So all you that worship Queen Elizabeth II and all those degenerates and Prince Charles,
you're just as pathetic.
But because their line goes back to Transylvania
and some of the oldest German bloodlines out of Transylvania
over a thousand years ago, and 700 years ago, turning back the Muslim invasion in the Crusades.
That's why the Saxe-Coburg Gothas are the dominant global bloodline.
They've even knocked out the other two bloodlines.
It's because they were the dominant frontline groups that were the continued war zone
during the Muslim invasions.
Southern Spain was as well. History's just amazing.
I don't know why I'm going off into a story about that.
And so 700, 800 years later, the world is basically run by these people.
But they're smart. They act like they don't have power, because they do have power.
Just like the Rothschilds.
They've sued newspapers who say they're secretly puppet masters
that own all the big Russian oligarchs.
And then it comes out that they basically do in court.
Blew up in their face.
So it shows there's still some justice in the courts, I guess, somewhere.
But I mean, going back to this unhinged Kim to bomb D.C.
Oh boy, L.A. and Austin.
Number one, their missiles can't even hardly get to Japan.
I mean, technically, they've got designs that are supposedly able to hit the West Coast.
They fire them one direction.
They can also try to fire them over the poles.
Maybe hit Chicago. Maybe hit Detroit.
Maybe hit, and I've looked at the missile maps.
Number one, they can't, even the missile worked perfectly.
They can't even get them off the launch pad properly.
They could not hit L.A. It's too far south.
And they could not certainly hit Austin.
Austin's about the furthest target, except maybe Florida, from North Korea there is.
I mean, it is just abso- I mean, look at that person.
Look at him sitting there with the personification of Paper Tiger picking the targets on North Korean news.
And there's no need for them to even send out video, though they send out some, because most people don't even have televisions there.
By the way, I've read some of the translations.
They also put out an English version once a week.
You can listen to it on shortwave. I actually found it once and found it online.
North Korean radio.
And they say he makes the birds sing.
And of course, wouldn't our government like to be like North Korea?
Well, that's what it's striving for.
It's what it's wishing to be.
Look at this.
Sex change operations covered under Obamacare.
Isn't that just a special?
It's on the Washington Examiner.
And it's like that in San Francisco everywhere.
But if you're an old lady and don't pay your property taxes because you can't, they're going to come and throw you out of your house and take it and sell it.
But don't worry, sex changes.
There's a big stack of articles with the illegal aliens, not just in the Carolinas, but other places are being given driver's license and are legal now.
And as a bunch of senators, Chuck Schumer and others, McCain, were on the border, illegals were coming over the fence while they were there.
I mean, I live in Texas.
Any time I go to the border, it's just illegals going back and forth in front of Border Patrol.
And the Border Patrol walks over and goes, got any beer in your truck?
And I'm like, man, I'm on vacation.
I'm just like, come on, man.
And then they go down and start giving tickets and arresting UT alumni lawyers who I just talked to for an hour in a natural hot tub.
I'm leaving.
I was down at Big Ben and they're down there just writing tickets, threatening to arrest people.
That's all I know.
And I'm talking to like these, you know, UT lawyers drinking two or three curves lights.
And you can't do that in America.
And the illegal aliens are going back and forth, riding horses, horse walks up, starts pooping right there in front of the Border Patrol.
I'm going, you gonna do something about that?
I got video of that.
Illegal aliens riding around on horses on the U.S. side right by with their horse pooping and the and the I'm sorry, I mean, this is America.
OK, we're going to pay for the sex changes.
It's like what you don't you you you hate transvestites?
Give me a break.
OK.
And they're doing all this on purpose.
They're doing all this on purpose to just get everything so weird that, of course, we take old ladies houses and pay for transvestites to have their, you know, their their huevos, rancheros lopped off.
I mean, you know, and if you don't like that, you go to FEMA camp.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system and you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection when you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out simply safe. It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to get simply safe dot com.
Simply safe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power.
So even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed.
Get simply safe dot com.
Simply safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes.
So there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but simply safe will stand guard, protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's get simply safe dot com.
March into big spring preparedness savings this month at BePrepared.com.
Through today only.
Emergency essentials and BePrepared.com save you 28% off your favorite beef and chicken combo entrees.
Save 24% on number 10 cans of freeze dried raspberries.
Or save 26% on our freeze dried strawberry slices with purchase of 12 or more.
Katadyn pocket micro water filters are 27% off.
Try our fruit flavored hydro pack combo water filtering pouches in March by five 10 packs for a 50% discount.
Stock up on wheat with a year's supply of grains for $70 off.
Only at BePrepared.com.
And this month power up with a Goal Zero Sherpa 50 solar powered recharging kit at $110 off MSRP.
And we'll throw in a free $50 emergency essentials gift card.
The March sale ends today at BePrepared.com.
For contents and details call emergency essentials at 800-999-1863 or click BePrepared.com.
The choice is clear.
Be unprepared or BePrepared.com.
Is there such a thing as gluten free emergency kits?
Yes.
And for celiacs there is no other than gluten free emergency kits dot com.
If you or a loved one has celiac disease you need a gluten free emergency kit to survive.
Our kits are natural, non-GMO, low sodium, low cholesterol, soy free, contain no artificial colors or MSG
and carry the celiac spruce seal of approval.
Now get our March grab and go bucket special for only $29.99 at glutenfreeemergencykits.com.
Glutenfreeemergencykits.com.
Better foods, better living.
Hi, this is Ted Anderson.
Have you ever wondered why banks, stockbrokers, investment advisors won't talk about gold IRAs?
They've been available since 1986 yet the financial industry won't recognize the value of gold for your retirement.
Gold is outperformed paper investments yet no word about IRAs.
If you would like to have gold for your retirement call 800-686-2237.
Don't get left behind by rising inflation and low returns call 800-686-2237.
Secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
Gardeners, here comes another growing season but don't use last year's soil.
Maximize yields in your survival garden with EM1 from Terriganics.
EM1 is an organic soil conditioner, fertilizer amendment and compost accelerant that provides a broad spectrum of beneficial microorganisms,
trace minerals, vitamins and various organic acids.
EM1 helps regulate the soil's pH level and its soil microbes, improving moisture retention and drought tolerance.
Remember last year's dry conditions?
EM1 from Terriganics is safe, chemical free and certified for use on all organic farms.
It improves plant quality, size, color, flavor and gives up to 20% more nutrient value in fruits and vegetables and greatly increases shelf life.
And EM1 is so simple to use, just mix with water and apply.
This year prepare your crisis garden for maximum yields with EM1 from Terriganics.com.
Order now at Terriganics.com or call toll free 866-369-3678.
That's 866-369-3678.
Terriganics, life's getting better.
Ease the T-Rex of political talk.
Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
All right, ladies and gentlemen, I'm going to premiere a video report and narrate part of it because part of it is really only video of robbers and rapists and would-be killers being shot by gun owners.
And the title of the video is Alex Jones.
The title of the report is Alex Jones calls for gun confiscation.
And we're going to be premiering that video here on the radio and then posting it to the front page of Infowars.com in the next 20 minutes or so.
In fact, will you tell the webmasters to post that to the front page in about 20 minutes to Infowars.com and PrisonPlanet.com.
You know, I was talking about the fact that they have illegal aliens build the border fence that has giant, quote, game migration route openings all up and down the fake fence.
It's fake.
They have four foot high openings that are about 10 feet long.
They vary the environmental, you know, the feds.
So it's pointless. It's a joke fence that every hundred yards or so has an opening in it.
In fact, Jim Mars texted me a photo when he was here in town.
He texted to me across the table.
I said, let me have that photo.
He was showing it to me.
He was just down at the border a few months ago.
And it shows that right there, the fence just comes and then just ends.
And he was saying it was, I think he said it was Nuevo Laredo right there in the city.
Just why even build part of it?
And it's all part of Welcome to Planet hoax.
That's right.
They they want to just get you accustomed to accepting being run over.
And an example of that is they say it's the law to take vaccines.
There is no law that you have to take vaccines.
It's all fraud.
It's all lies.
I just like they say aspartame is good for you.
That's a hoax.
The literature admits they admit it kills you.
It gives you diabetes, cancer, you name it.
I've read newspaper articles here.
You see them where they say there are no side effects from flu shots or any other vaccine.
Go to the CDC, get the insert.
It says it'll kill you better than a hammer quite often.
Guillain-Barre, permanent narcolepsy.
How about having convulsions all the time?
How about some epilepsy?
How's that sound?
I mean, that's why I'm so, quote, radical and yelling, screaming stuff.
Because I'm like a cat in a cage being thrown in a river and I'm trying to get out, man.
I don't want to drown here.
I mean, tyranny is coming up over our heads here.
I'm like, hey, somebody wake up.
The new magazine's out, ladies and gentlemen, and it's the eighth issue.
And I have to say the magazine crew just does a superlative job because we take a lot of the most important stories we've done,
ad graphics, documents, graphs, and then we also have a lot of original content in it as well.
But it's the most important news every month.
You can buy them in bulk.
I think five of the seven issues have completely sold out.
So these usually sell out.
Last month we printed, I don't know, like 120,000 extra.
So we have a few of the last months left.
Everybody who signs up now for a subscription, the next 1,000 people that sign up for the 12 monthly issues
sent to you at info.warstore.com.
We are going to send you the next 12 issues plus the last issues while supplies last.
And it's a little over 1,000 copies that we have.
So whoever signs up now, and again, I'm selling these at cost.
I mean, yes, I'm a little giddy about it.
I kind of get off on information warfare weapons, the whitest propaganda you'll find anywhere.
And again, propaganda has a bad connotation.
I'm explaining it to you so you're not ignorant.
New listeners, because I've had some call and say, you admit your propaganda.
The truth is self-evident.
Propaganda just means information you use to push your view, your political view.
That's the definition of propaganda. Go look it up.
It's a little more technical than that, but there it is.
There's white propaganda, gray propaganda, and black propaganda.
And again, people then send me emails saying, why are you bashing black people?
Or when I say white slavery is at all-time highs, they go, what about black slavery?
White slavery means it's not seen as bad because the women live in palaces and are sex slaves,
like what the Saudi Arabians have.
That's called white slavery.
It's actually horrible, just as bad.
They end up killing people and stuff, or when they get pregnant, they throw them out on the street.
Propaganda, information especially of a biased or misleading nature,
used to promote or publicize a particular political cause or point of view.
Now, see, that is a new definition.
Gay used to mean you were happy, so that is really the wrong definition.
The dissemination of such information, put it back up, as a political strategy.
That's really the old thing, but the point is, this is, ladies and gentlemen, a weapon.
This is the 21st century version of the pamphleteers in the decade before 1776 to get our truth out.
And if you watch every drama, every hospital show, every cop show, and every thriller show,
every one, I will be in a hotel room with my wife, and I'll go, let's turn on and see what's on TV.
And every show, gun owners or terrorists, they're going to kill everyone.
And there's a new show with psychopaths on Fox called The Following, where the worst people in it,
I mean, the psychopath king, really likes our constitutionalist.
And when they say they're constitutionalists, we have video of this, everyone just staggers and goes,
even the psychopaths are like, oh my God, it's so powerful and evil.
There's nothing worse than constitutionalism.
The police swear enough to, we'll be right, oh, constitutionalism.
We're on the march, the empire's on the run.
Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit, or shed.
Getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes,
so there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
It is the only one that does it, and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code WATER.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine,
hydrofluorosilicic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro-Pure with the new Pro-One filter today at infowarskstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal-Bend Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these Pure Soap products for years.
These all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what you're using now,
or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Live from Austin, Texas, broadcasting worldwide, it's Alex Jones.
Ladies and gentlemen, we know their game.
You'd have to be lobotomized to not know it, but the public has been eased into it.
So there's suspended disbelief.
My wife tries to, you know, on the stair stepper or whatever, watch TV shows, you know, late at night or in the morning, whatever.
And she said every hospital show, every cop show, every drama, she says there's no way you're going to do this.
So every drama, she says there's no show that she can watch.
And it's upsetting because she just wants to some entertainment.
She wants to be able to punch out.
She wants nothing wrong with going and, you know, getting into fantasy or something.
Except it is every show is gun owners or demons.
Anyone who doesn't take vaccines is murdering children.
Anyone that talks about Liberty's planning to nerve gas New York.
These are some of the things I've seen.
Anyone who talks about the Second Amendment and is a veteran that really all white veterans have converted to Al Qaeda.
And so they're going to put that narrative out.
And I told you four years ago, you start seeing that American terrorist in Syria was working for CIA says, father.
Well, I saw the videos the guy put out going, I'm former Marine, but now I fight for Al Qaeda and Al Qaeda is good.
And I said, that's clearly an actor, a bad actor.
And I said.
They may do a fake arrest of him.
And it's not even smart, folks.
Another playbook.
I read that about two weeks ago.
We covered at the time.
Watson wrote an article about him saying, why doesn't Obama drone this terrorist?
And just because we pointed it out and others pointed it out and it was bad acting.
They've done a fake arrest and they've done this before where they admit that they'll arrest Al Qaeda.
And then two years later, they released him.
He was really it was a double cover.
You know, he was brought in under arrest for his cover.
It's standard.
Four of the top leaders of Al Qaeda from Anwar al-Awlaki that dines secretly at the Pentagon.
I told you they'd stage his death.
I mean, he's with Whitman, Price and Adad basking in the Malley Sun, his debt to society paid in full.
That's a quote from the running man, a.k.a. short story by Stephen King.
Oh, man, it's just a sea of garbage.
And now his dad says, hey, my son shouldn't be grabbed by the FBI.
He's CIA.
And they'll guarantee the FBI go, Dad, guarantee he's probably already got the call.
In fact, try to get his call.
His dad has to go after his dad.
He's in there. His name's there.
He's got he's got to, you know, email accounts and stuff.
Get him before the feds do.
If they haven't called in, they are going to call him and say, hey, dad, this is a cover story.
OK, your son's going to get out in a few months, but a lot of times they'll go ahead and burn their own people.
Like Hal Turner, the big white supremacist leader, who was always calling for me to be brought down.
I said he was a Fed.
It wasn't hard to know he was a Fed.
You watch a Tide commercial, you go, that's an actor.
You could tell when bad actors are acting.
We need an actor, Gary.
Remember in Team America, the whole CIA group, especially a bunch of bad actors.
That's ridiculous.
Anyways, the point is, is Hal Turner's in federal court going, I was told to do this.
Here's my national security letter.
And the FBI comes in and goes, national security letter.
Yes, it's true.
He's our highest level operative, but it doesn't matter.
National security.
And he went to jail.
He couldn't introduce in court.
It was under orders that national security and still send him to jail, just like you people.
And when you get caught torturing and there's blowback, they will send you to prison.
They will hang you out to dry.
And that's why there's a new video of the internal email out where and the Justice Department's confirmed.
They're telling all the Homeland Security people, you will be obedient.
And they sent them the definition of obedience.
You will do what you're told unquestioningly.
That's not what you're supposed to do.
They look at SPF Russian.
They just rated the biggest gun show in the world.
Probably 100 million views a month.
That's real power.
And if the guy wasn't just goofing off all the time, which I get is popular.
I'm not saying they're not really smart guys.
People actually think he's Russian.
It's an actor, folks.
Now I'd like to shoot the M4 carbine.
It sounds more like Christopher Walken than he does a Russian.
But the point is they just rated him, saying we're looking to see if he stored Tannerite incorrectly.
You can go into any gun shop and for 10 bucks buy a little keg of Tannerite that just explodes and has a white flash.
That isn't even hardly dangerous.
It's not a real explosive.
It's a stimulant.
And they're wanting it banned, by the way.
But they're calling it rule making.
We're seeing if you violated our guidelines is what the FBI and ATF are saying.
40 agents descended on him with a search warrant.
And they said, we know he's using Tannerite.
We can see that.
Folks, we've gone to the store and bought Tannerite and gone and shot it.
It's exploding targets for our little gun show.
I mean, that's why they had a mainstream news article out yesterday.
I never even got to where they were admitting they had a former federal prosecutor saying, look,
these Internet laws that are under the books are written to put anybody we want in jail who hasn't even done anything.
And then he goes over how it I mean, it's crazy, you know, you go to the store, you buy Tannerite, you go out, you blow it up.
The guy's had a show for like three, four years.
It's very popular.
And so they're trying to put him in jail for something he bought at the store.
And then I see it all the time.
I see the squad car videos where they'll pull a patriot over.
He's got an NRA sticker and they'll go, what's this, bombs?
And the guy will ask my jumper cables.
In fact, I've even got a clip of that in Road to Tyranny.
I knew the guy.
He'd been on the show before.
Farrell Montgomery.
Wasn't that his name?
I'm trying to go from memory.
Yeah, yeah, Farrell's.
Yeah, Farrell Montgomery.
And they pull him over, they search his vehicle, and then they're on the news going, he was making pipe bombs and they hold up jumper cables.
And the public's like, send him to prison.
That's a bomb.
I mean, pretty soon this mouse to the computer, Alex Jones, had a nuclear bomb.
They could put it on the news.
Here it is.
Probably like kill him, execute him.
Here it is.
Nuclear bomb, folks.
I've got a nuclear bomb.
It's right here.
I'm so evil.
But they could burn down Dorner in front of you.
All right.
Burn that house down.
Burn it down.
Burn it down.
Burn that house down.
Like seven different tapes.
And then, all right, they've got the fire.
They're bringing it in the armored vehicle.
All right.
The fire's placed.
The fire is on.
The fire is lit.
All right.
The cabin is now collapsing.
Good job, everybody.
And they're like, oh, no, you didn't, first, you didn't hear that.
Those are fake audio tapes.
And then they went, well, yeah, that is what you heard, but it doesn't mean that.
And I'm like, oh, okay.
Hey, welcome to Planet Hoax, the new magazine.
Big, I think it's maybe my favorite cover.
They've all been incredible.
Welcome to Planet Hoax.
The team just takes a lot of my ideas and just really brings them to life.
Incredible.
We've got some world-class graphics people over there.
And welcome to Planet Hoax and the war on reality because that's what it is.
That's what it is.
See, if you can say two plus two equals four, you are free.
That's why I saw this a year ago and believed it because that's what Charles Isby said was
next in the plan, former head of policy, Department of Education.
But because they already did that in the Soviet Union to the underclasses that they wanted
to control because they're supposedly classless, but they really were, you know, a class society
with a technocracy and the communists on top.
They said in there that they were gonna go to, and you can read this in her book Deliberate
Dumbing Down, available at info.store.com if you wanna support us and get educated, that,
well, there's actually a Department of Education internal cartoon where it shows the kid at
the end of the brainwashing tour not being able to say two plus two equals four.
Because that is the goal.
That is the goal where illegal aliens are above the law, the government's above the
law, the Congress can insider trade, senators can have 12-year-old boyfriends.
But you are going to go to jail for an NRA sticker.
And every movie and every show has checkpoints on the highways to get you ready for it and
martial law.
And they're sitting there in the show we're gonna get to in the next hour.
Greg Powell's is coming up and then Mike Adams as well on the Monsanto Protection Act, publicly
written by them to give them total liability protection to infect your crops or if you
get sick from their crops that grow pesticide in it so it kills the bugs that eat it.
Man, you don't need pesticide anymore, it grows its own pesticide and then we eat it
and that's Planet Hoax.
I mean, people don't need to know why that's bad.
Okay, all right, Planet Hoax.
Welcome to Planet Hoax and the new issue of Planet Hoax is available.
Get it, order it in groups of 10 up to 100, become a micro distributor, sell them in your
store to get your money back, I don't care.
Big, giant, glossy, famous artists censored from war publication, conflict in history.
No more hesitation, just kill in depth and report on the targets of small children where
they admit they're trying to shoot them, Homeland Security wanted it.
Boy stops murder plot with gun, national media ignores it.
Comrades turning your weapons, the fact that gun control always is followed by mass murder
and enslavement.
LA Times announces white men are terrorists, an expansion on our previous report.
Scorecard, how many rights have Americans lost?
And 10 giant media and government hoaxes written by Alex Jones with an expansion by Paul Watson.
The big dogs on Wall Street are nervous.
Democide, another expanded report with graphics on 260 plus million killed by government,
how they're the number one threat.
The ammo buy hoax, saying there is no ammo being bought.
30 facts about the coming crisis that will change the lives of everyone on the planet.
Internet Plan B, the New York Seven, South by Southwest Recap, where they're trying to
ban handing out this evil magazine, and a lot more.
The special forward by yours truly, did you know there's a war on for reality?
And notes from the Infowars magazine publisher, Alex Jones.
So that is just some of what's in their letters to the editor.
Just look at these graphics in here.
I mean, even the ads are something to feast the eyes on.
So, people are freaking out, even people in the magazine business over this.
And it's just going to get better and better.
It's just going to get more and more hardcore.
It's just going to get more.
Oh, I forgot the best part, folks.
The best part is the Dianne Feinstein centerfold.
And ladies and gentlemen, I'm not joking.
We have her head on Betty Page's body in a bathing suit with a devil tail and everything.
And we just want these hung up in legal and lawful areas.
All 110,000 of them.
Oh, they hate being ridiculed.
Welcome to Planet Oaks.
Hi, I'm Dianne Feinstein.
And I love liberty.
April fools.
It's the April issue.
And it's like Gangnam style.
Hey, sexy lady.
And she was a beauty queen.
Oh, my goodness.
Got to love it.
So, that was my idea as well.
I'm not bragging.
I'm just letting you know where these weird ideas come from.
I get all the blame.
Constitution free zones.
It's all covered in here.
It's all the Democide page is really important.
And you're like, well, I know about Democide.
Really?
Do your neighbors know about Democide?
These are magazines people can't put down.
Skip this network break coming up because I've gotten behind here.
I'm just in a good mood.
I survived this big giant piece of plastic blowing out of a city refuse truck and getting
on the front of my vehicle.
I got off the highway while driving 70 miles an hour.
Let's get to the big news up at Infowars.com right now.
40 plus officers and ATF agents right home of YouTube gun personality, FPS Russia.
And his partner got his head blown off recently.
Maybe they're investigating that, but I doubt it.
And American terrorist in Syria was working for CIA says Father Piers Morgan, Adam Lanza
was an NRA member with no proof and says the NRA members need to be looked at as mass murderers.
See, this is the purge, folks.
This is a cult military globalist takeover where they're going to say gun owners and
conservatives and libertarians are the enemy.
And then now Al Qaeda is good.
You're bad.
And I know you know that, but I mean, do you realize the magnitude of how bad these guys
are?
The only way to turn this around is to admit how much trouble we're in.
And then it continues.
Pat Robertson on DHS arms buildup.
Who are they going to shoot?
Us and Skynet drones working together for Homeland Security.
That's a quote.
They're calling them Skynet now.
I told you.
That's a Pentagon term from the 70s.
Yeah, it's art imitating life, folks, not the other way around.
Homeland Security demands obedience in message to agents and media demonizes patriots as
serial killers.
That's our TV nightly news report with myself and David Knight last night breaking down
the following where again and the whole episode, obviously, we can't put it up there because
of copyright.
We can put a short clip up for fair use.
Shot off one of our iPhones.
Again, they all worship this top master psycho.
And his and I was talking to Will Jones actually watches the show.
He said that, you know, the main cast is like the main guys winning right now.
It's kind of like a survivor for psychos who do the best terror attacks are patriots.
Right wing police officers are terrorists.
You're all going to be purged.
I mean, you watch this, they're scripting and all these airheads are watching this,
even though it has no connection to reality.
I know Oklahoma City.
Yeah.
Another fast and furious.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
The libertarians did that, like the Easter Bunny is going to really be laying eggs this
weekend, ladies and gentlemen.
I mean, maybe you believe that.
I mean, yeah.
People believe Santa Claus is real.
I know that's a conspiracy theory show.
We're going to be covering it all.
But before I get to this report, here's Pat Robertson.
And again, he did a full report on this, but here's a clip of it saying columns of armored
vehicles.
He's reporting on our story that was on Drudge, the info wars dot com story from Drudge Report
dot com.
And he was going over the two billion bullets and he says, who are they for us?
Well, yeah, it's actually for Christians.
That's why the Southern Baptist Convention says turn our guns in.
The Catholic Church has repealed the Second Amendment.
Everybody's been told we're taking over.
You get in line.
So all their operatives in every major denomination, you name it, are now saying the government
is God.
If you go to any major church this weekend, you will hear that message.
Do what the government tells you.
Take the shots.
Turn your guns in because it's called clergy response teams.
They're paid by FEMA and Homeland Security.
I mean, how creepy is that?
It's a body snatcher style takeover.
Let's go ahead and go to Pat Robertson.
Here it is.
Long trains full of armored vehicles, personnel carriers with armor.
What are they for?
The army going into battle against the enemy.
They're used by Homeland Security against us.
Ronald Reagan said the most fearful statement of the English language is I'm from the government
and I'm here to help you.
Oh, boy.
I totally agree.
Imagine what Homeland Security is doing.
It's just awful.
Well, we're going to talk about how much ammunition they're stockpiling.
Who are they going to shoot us?
And right wing watch that post that like like like like they're the authority, like when
they post something, it means it's bad.
You go to their site.
They say it's not true.
You know, that's a military operation.
This is going on publicly and they won't give Congress details.
It's a continuity of government buildup because we've been taken over by foreign government.
These are collaborators.
And if we don't have a major debate about this, if we don't force this out and then
point out this buildup is happening, they're going to get it built up, stage the event
and have the takeover.
But if we that's why they have to keep saying doesn't exist, doesn't exist because they
can't have a debate about it because it's checkmate.
We've got them in check right now.
I've said for one year when it was a billion bullets, you know, eight, nine months ago,
I said the armored vehicles, the tanks, the proof of their preparation for war with us
is the proof the government's illegitimate and bad.
It's been going on for decades, but it's three or four orders of magnitude bigger now.
And they're going operational with the brainwashing they never did before.
That means they're getting ready to drop the hammer or thinking about it.
And I'm saying drop that gun.
New World Order, drop that gun, Obama.
You want gun control?
Drop gun control for you.
Here's part of my report.
The whole thing's like 12 minutes long.
There's about 10 minutes of it.
Here is the report.
And it's now going up at Infowars.com for radio lessons.
You can also go get it there and share it.
Alex Jones calls for gun confiscation, but not the type the establishment's calling for.
And it gets people thinking.
Here it is.
War has been declared on the Second Amendment.
War has been declared on the entire Bill of Rights, but we've always known and our founders
warned us that when they come with the guns, you know your nation is in dire peril.
That's why the founders called for gun control.
And that's why I'm now endorsing it.
No, not gun control of the people who are the source of liberty and justice and wherever
firearms are found, evil is restrained, as Thomas Jefferson said.
No, I'm calling for government and the illegal standing army that is Homeland Security, a
fifth branch of the military, that admits its mission is to suppress gun owners, conservatives,
libertarians, returning veterans, Christians.
This is the globalist corporate takeover army.
And they've used the fake pretext of terrorism to set this up.
And now they're telling us, forget about Al-Qaeda.
The new terrorists are domestic conservative gun owners who won't turn their guns in.
They want to have a civil war in this country.
That's their smokescreen to have a purge.
And so I am calling for the standing army that is Homeland Security and the thousands
of armored vehicles, the tanks, the helicopters, the 2 billion rounds of ammunition to be handed
over to the Department of Defense, who has been very resistant in the last 20 years towards
the Rand Corporation and the globalist commands to become a domestic military.
Everything the system has done is to condition us to accept this so that the globalist can
fully implode the economy and accelerate their social engineering.
America is under attack from within and without by the globalist.
And I also call for collaborators like Dianne Feinstein, Bloomberg, Michael Moore, John
McCain and others to relinquish their firearms to the local government and to declare that
they are giving up their taxpayer paid for bodyguards in the case of the senators and
people like Mayor Bloomberg, who has more than 15 people on his security detail.
These people are unbelievable hypocrites who do not want you to be able to protect your
family because they know the Second Amendment has become a beachhead of liberty.
And these globalists are desperate that the public not learn of the FBI statistics that
are collected from local governments across the United States that conclusively show since
1991, violent crime has dropped 49%.
It's going straight down because gun ownership is going straight up.
Gun ownership goes up, crime rates go down.
It is a fact and the system is panicking over that that Chicago and New York and other places
where only the government mafia has firearms are crime ridden bastions of oppression.
Think about it.
We see a giant Homeland Security arms build up and then we get their terror training manuals
and they announce their new number one enemy is gun owners and people that won't turn their
firearms in.
This is an authoritarian takeover.
This is an attempt to sell their purge against the American people.
That's why we've got to use the First Amendment now like we never have before or we're going
to lose this entire country.
The globalists are coming in here testing the waters to see if they can sell the public
on a civil war with Homeland Security as a standing army waging war against the American
people who value the Bill of Rights, the Constitution and our sacred republic.
Now in a moment I'll get into their overall battle plan to disarm this once free nation.
But first I wanted to just show you a few of the hundreds and hundreds of clips that
are online showing surveillance footage where different gangs of thugs come into businesses,
come into homes, come into public places and attempt to rob and attack the peaceful population
and where citizens stand up as true guardians of liberty and defend themselves and those
around them.
And then it's video after video that many of you have seen.
This is only a small compilation, I think we're going to make a master compilation.
Well there's thousands of these, but these are just some of the recent ones in the last
few months where they go into stores, they go into businesses, they go into casinos and
they aim guns at people or start shooting people and people shoot back and kill them.
I always thought the criminals can't ever shoot very good because they shoot like from
the movies and they like turn the gun upside down or at an angle.
I love how the gun owners, the business people that actually live in the real world, not
in the Hollywood world, they always get behind cover immediately and start killing, which
is a good natural thing.
I don't enjoy killing normally, but if you're trying to hurt me, I have a killer instinct
and I'll put a good guy up against a bad guy anytime.
Good guys can just really turn it loose, man, because they're defending themselves.
They're in the right.
Man in the wrong can't stand up against a man on the right who keeps on coming.
I love how this guy gets shot out the door and he's like begging, listen to this, a lot
of these guys ended up dying in these videos.
One time he's shooting at somebody and then the guy, he turns to run, the guy shoots him
right in the back.
People get on such power trips, criminals, see, oh, but Shepard Fairey, who's made 50
million or whatever it is off his commie posters, obey and all that.
Oh, he says, you're a Satanist if you own a gun, but he doesn't do stuff about North
Korean dictators or communists.
He likes them.
He makes posters about how they're good and then makes communist style posters for Obama.
You know, that famous red and blue one, red, white and blue one, they all be like, oh,
that's America.
No, those were copies of Stalin and Lenin paintings from the 20s, 30s and 40s.
He likes that.
The state has the guns.
That's not Satan.
No, no, that's that's good.
That's that's the state is God.
That's God.
You, the individual having a gun, that's Satan to a communist.
You see, God's all about free will.
The God of the Bible.
But see, the devil is all about you not having free will.
So see, those that are under the devil's control, whether you believe the devil or not.
That construct that meant that that that archetype, that cloak, that consciousness does not like
you being free.
Of course, Satan doesn't have guns.
Satan wants to murder you and your family as slowly and as painfully as possible.
Not only are the nanny state criminals desperate that you not learn that more guns means less
crime.
They're also scared of all the local newscast every day in this country.
There's thousands of these videos online showing citizens protecting themselves from vicious
robbers, criminals and rapists.
They are scared of the fact that the common sense that we have a responsibility to protect
ourselves is beginning to get out there.
The globalist mafia wants you to be dependent, wants you to be a victim, wants you to be
scared.
Once you waiting 15 minutes for the police to arrive, calling 911 instead of protecting
yourself.
That's what this is all about.
Dianne Feinstein, Michael Moore, all of these people that have their own bodyguards are
trying to smother the liberty movement.
That's right.
And it's a total desperate attack.
And I notice all these so-called leftists we've had on who have interesting perspectives.
Now there's an unwritten thing won't won't ever come on my show now and like RT is aligned
with Obama now that they'll never have me on.
And it's because this is the full collectivist takeover.
The bankers are making their move.
All their agents are showing themselves.
This is GCN, the Genesis Communications Radio Network.
A little over a year ago, I began to do a lot of research into why, even though I had
a pretty good sized meal, that I was still starving.
And my research led me to a well-known fact that most of the soils that we grow our crops
on here in the United States and across the industrialized world are almost completely
depleted of almost all of the key minerals and trace elements that our bodies need to
rebuild themselves, fight off cancer and be healthy.
I then searched out the best vitamin and mineral company out there and discovered Young Jevity.
The Young Jevity products are designed to give you the real nutrition you need.
And once you've got that, you don't have to eat as much to be satisfied.
I've lost 37 pounds in two months simply getting the vitamins and minerals I need.
Check it out for yourself.
It's incredible.
Go to Infowarsteam.com today and order your first canister of Beyond Tangy Tangerine Complete
Multivitamin Mineral Complex Dietary Supplement.
That's Infowarsteam.com.
Waging war on corruption.
Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Great brother.
Mainstream media.
Government cover-ups.
You want answers?
Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
All right, we've got Greg Palish to break down what's happening in the economy.
We had him on last week for only 30 minutes.
I mean, back on about that, about what's happening in Europe with the bank runs and the looting
of the bank accounts.
His take on Chavez.
He knew him well.
The Koch brothers and more.
Mike Adams is gonna be joining us on Total Immunity by Supreme Leader, Dear Leader, Fuhrer,
Czar, Overlord, God King, Master Blaster, Supreme Overlord, Underlord, Supreme Lord,
Preciousness Cup or Commander, Obama, Front Man, New World Order, Teleprompter Man.
That's coming up on the whole Monsanto Protection Act.
But here's more, we won't get to it all, of Alex Jones endorses gun control.
Calls for gun confiscation.
The video has been posted now up at infowars.com and prisonplanet.com, just hit refresh.
And I won't have time to play it all now, I've only played about ten minutes of it,
there's three or four more minutes of it, and then there's a couple minutes left that's
really key.
I'm calling for the government to have its guns taken.
If we can't be trusted, you can't be trusted.
That's what the founders believe, and that's why they're demonized everywhere now, because
enemies have captured America.
If you don't recognize that, well, you're a Nazi collaborator.
People ask, why'd the French bow to the Nazis?
Their media told them to.
There were collaborators in the media when Hitler invaded, the military stood down because
he bought off 90 plus percent of the French generals.
We've been taken over.
I mean, it's real simple, and I'm the resistance, so are you.
All right, let's go back to this clip, here it is.
You've seen what the globalist propaganda media spews all day, that if somebody commits
a crime with a gun, all gun owners are collectively guilty because of that, and so we all have
to be collectively punished.
Pure authoritarianism.
But if we're going to talk about guilt by association, our founders said, you better
keep government small, and even if you do, it's probably going to enslave you.
So if gun owners are collectively guilty for what someone else does, isn't government collectively
guilty?
Our founders warned us about the danger of government.
They said, you better keep government tiny and on a short leash, and even if you do,
it'll be hard to keep your liberty.
George Washington famously said, government is like fire, a dangerous servant, and a fearful
master.
And did you know that if you cut out all the military deaths from the last century's wars,
and just look at government killing innocent people, lining them up and shooting them,
starving them, you name it, it's more than 260 million people killed by government in
what is known as democide.
And so that is guilt by association.
We know government is the number one threat in world history, and now tyranny has come
to America and is telling us we need to turn our guns in.
And we've got Dianne Feinstein famously smiling on television and saying, we're going to get
our gun control agenda through, if not now, later, because there will be more incidences.
These events are going to continue.
And smiling, oh yes, isn't it exciting to know how you're going to be able to use those
dead children?
Ignore the millions of kids killed by government after disarmament, and just take those 20
and throw them in everybody's face.
And she said, she's seen the photos, she has the grisly details, they may release them.
And Michael Moore salivates and says, release the photos of the dead kids.
Destroy the Second Amendment, destroy the NRA, while he has bodyguards.
And now he's saying Harry Reid wouldn't have voted against taking the guns if he'd had
his grandchildren dead.
If a man with an assault weapon goes into the school where Harry Reid's grandchildren
go to school tomorrow and kills his grandchildren, would he stand in front of that microphone
at 5 o'clock and say, I know how Dianne had to witness the mayor getting murdered, but
my grandchildren just got killed today, but we can't get it passed because we just don't
have the votes.
Would he do that?
Really?
I don't think so.
These people are salivating over the few massacres that happen so that they can collectively
have us put on that guilt and turn in our firearms when we, the people, have lowered
the crime rate with our Second Amendment by 49%.
There's a couple minutes left, the real finale, the video's going up at Infowars.com right
now and I'm going to tweet it at real Alex Jones during this break, so get it, make it
go viral.
The gun grabbers will grab it because of the headline in a frenzy of state worship and
will actually help us, so let's jam enemy operations right now.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons, but how will these items
help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria,
viruses, moles, and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it
the number one choice of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to SupernaturalSilver.com.
Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
You may be arrested and or subject to other police action.
Tyranny is here.
The grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality.
It really says that the state is God.
The United States is now recognized globally as one of the most oppressive police states
on earth.
This film conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps now being
expanded nationwide.
This documentary exposes how the continuity of government program has established an all-powerful
shadow state.
Police state four chronicles the sickening depths to which our republic has fallen.
Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship, body scammers, sound cameras,
citizen spies, stage terror, and cameras on every street corner.
It's only the beginning of the New World Order's hellish plan.
The police state isn't coming.
It's here.
Secure your copy today at Infowars.com or see it online in the highest quality at PrisonPlanet.tv.
Introducing pro one, all of your filtration in one system portable on the go.
No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolicic
acid.
Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one
filter element.
It is the only one that does it and out of the gates.
We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your pro pure with a new pro one filter today at Infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups.
You want answers?
Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network.
And now live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
I have shot an extremely powerful special presentation that Darren McBrain helped research
and edit that is up at Infowars.com right now.
I'm also tweeting it out so you can spread it virally at twitter.com forward slash real
Alex Jones to just link through on the Twitter links there at prisonplanet.com or infowars.com
to get this video.
Alex Jones calls for gun confiscation.
It's a 13 minute long video.
That's just what it came out to.
That's unlucky for the New World Order.
I am here to tell you so please everyone retweet that Alex Jones calls for gun confiscation
that I just sent out on Twitter.
What else, and again I'm calling for government gun confiscation.
Why do we talk about the danger of citizens having guns all day but not two billion bullets,
thousands of armored vehicles, training for domestic operations.
This is bipartisan.
It's shadow government but now Congress wants to know why they have two billion bullets.
They want to know why they're buying armored vehicles.
They want to know why Obama talks about a civilian military force just as big and just
as strong as our military.
And I know Greg Palast is kind of a populist you would call him.
I'm outside the left right paradigm but a lot of stuff is on the left, is on the right.
I'm seen as being a right-winger because I'm pro-gun, pro-private property rights, anti-abortion
stuff like that.
But I also know a lot of that stuff is used as football issues.
The larger issue, what about 85 billion a month being given to foreign banks to prop
up their derivatives?
What about how they get interest at zero or negative and then we get it 10, 15, 20 percent?
That's the real discrimination and the fake left uses all these race issues and things
to distract and gay marriage stuff.
Distract from the real raping that's going on and he's a former federal financial crimes
investigator and that's how he got hired by ABC News, BBC, you name it and he hosts the
British Nightline show, Newsnight over there, one of the top shows and of course you know
stranger to this show, GregPalast.com, he's also a best-selling author and he made documentaries
about Hugo Chavez.
He knew Hugo Chavez, agreed with him on some things, didn't on others.
I want to talk some today about the transformation of Chavez and why I don't like him.
Again, I don't like Assad in Syria either but I don't want to send Al Qaeda in there
to overthrow him.
That's a hundred times worse and see our government's doing that.
I get the people that run our government are really bad.
My issue, I don't think in like two-dimensional, well if the globalists are bad then Chavez
is good.
Okay, so but we're gonna talk about all that with him but first I want to get to the latest
on Cyprus because if anybody's got their snout, their feelers, their spies in a good way in
the financial system and if he breaks, I'm not kissing his butt, I'm building it up so
you know you really need to listen to this guy because Greg Palast, I gotta say, breaks
more big news internationally than anybody else, real financial bombshell stuff.
So he made the documentary Hugo Chavez versus the network, so I want to get another perspective
on Chavez here today but first we'll get into the latest on the Cypriot, Cyprus stuff expanding,
where all that's going.
I want to talk to you about the Koch brothers too because that's just always Koch brothers.
Koch brothers is kind of a left wing conspiracy theory but there is something there because
they are taking over all the right wing and libertarian groups.
What's happening there?
But what's the fight then in the power structure with these guys?
See, it's like a gangster group.
It's not Koch brothers or little angel cakes.
I'm asking, just like Syria, the government, I don't like them, it's a dictatorship but
kind of a softer one, like Chavez or something.
You'll say he was elected but give me a break, it's by taking other people's money and now
the money is running out.
But we're going to debate that in a moment, I'm kind of ranting here.
But first I want to see if Greg Palast agrees with Pat Robertson on something, which I know
he probably doesn't agree with him on a lot of things, being kind of more socially a liberal
out there.
I guess a liberal with a conscience but he'll come on and say he's not a liberal using those
terms.
You know, a proto liberal, not one of the fake neo liberals, maybe that's a better term
for him.
But I want to play this clip of Pat Robertson because this arms build up, the TRIBS training
for gun confiscation, that's in the manuals.
This is a big story that we're going to an authoritarian model where the military is
on the streets and where there's a domestic FEMA Corps spying on people and clergy response
teams on FEMA payroll to tell their flocks what to do and corporate FBI spies in the
corporate world in infra guard.
I mean, I know an authoritarian system and it's bipartisan.
This stuff started really after Eisenhower and Kennedy accelerated and it's been bipartisan
right through with Rex 84 and all of it.
But now under Obama, let's not exaggerate, it's 10 times on the Richter scale what I
saw previously.
In every drama, right wingers, real right wingers, libertarians are all terrorists,
all killers in every show and they don't brand like that until they're about to go operational.
Here's that short clip of Pat Robertson and I want to get Greg Paulus' take on this here
today.
Here it is.
Long trains full of armored vehicles, personnel carriers with armor, what are they for?
The army going into battle against the enemy?
They're used by Homeland Security against us.
Ronald Reagan said the most fearful statement in the English language is, I'm from the government
and I'm here to help you.
I'm here to help, boy, I totally agree.
Well, imagine what Homeland Security is doing, it's just awful.
Well, we're going to talk about how much ammunition they're stockpiling, who are they going to
shoot?
Us, long trains full.
That's right.
And so they are absolutely freaking out in the system.
There's more articles out today, I saw over there a printout, a bunch of newspapers yesterday,
I never even got to, going the rumors now spread to mainstream news that there's bullets
and armored vehicles and a plan for military control.
There's no bullets, no tanks, no nothing.
The insane demon Alex Jones made it all up with the demon Matt Drudge.
Now, again, Greg Palast, what do you know about the military domestic buildup?
Are you concerned about it?
And if so, what do you believe it's for?
Well, I have to be concerned because if you remember, Alex, Homeland Security charged
me with crimes under the Patriot Act while I was reporting for BBC television.
My crime was to take photos of the Exxon refinery in Baton Rouge, which is right near the refugee
camps, the people that were sent out of New Orleans.
And so I was charged, it was like Russia, apparently now you can't take photos of what's
called a vulnerable infrastructure.
Now what they- Yeah, that's under National Security Infrastructure
Protection, that's InfraGuard.
And they tell everybody that works at dams, factories, anywhere, that anyone doing anything's
a terrorist, and you're a secret agent.
And that was in the news, ABC News reporter charged with terrorism, but America kinda
got its conscience back, what was that, four or five years ago, and said, okay, drop the
charges.
But that shows what they wanna do.
Right, well, they were very embarrassed that I, so what happens, Homeland Security charged
me.
But it was they told me, in fact, it was a complaint made by Exxon Petroleum.
And the reason is Exxon did not want, and the government didn't want to show that they
were, basically what I was taking pictures of, was the illegal sky dumping and filth
that was being poured out of that plant, which is going right over the refugee camps that
were under those stacks where we dumped these people for two years.
And that's what they didn't want.
In fact, you could go on Google Earth, and you can get the coordinates of every single
building, detailed maps, and every single coordinate of the buildings at that refinery.
That's okay for Google Map.
But from a long distance photo of chemicals being burned off, well, which were not supposed
to be burned off, that's illegal, that's what they're gonna arrest me for.
And I got a call from Homeland Security and they said, first of all, by the way, the most
frightening thing is that they couldn't find me, and Alex, I'm on television.
They couldn't find me for two weeks, so I turned myself in.
And then they said, yo, this is really serious, a lot of people died on September 11th.
And I said, good, why don't you go find them?
The guys who killed the people on September 11th, what am I doing here?
So yes, I'm very concerned about Homeland Security.
It actually touches upon, interestingly, Hugo Chavez, cuz Homeland Security seems to have
a very wide net.
Homeland Security hired a company, Choice Point, to create massive databases.
Remember, they used to call it total information awareness.
Choice Point is a company that had, for a massive fee, helped fix the voter rolls in
Florida to get George Bush elected by manipulation of the voter rolls.
They then got a no-bid contract with Homeland Security to run databases, including creating
DNA databases on Americans, massive.
I don't know, because it's a national security contract, I couldn't get the numbers.
But interestingly, while researching this company, I also found out that they had been
paid to basically steal the voter rolls of Venezuela, Argentina, Brazil, Nicaragua, and
Mexico.
Now, what does that have to do with our Homeland Security?
Or is it the same company, which had manipulated elections in the United States, being paid
to manipulate the elections abroad?
I was very concerned.
And then the company that is actually running these FEMA camps, and by the way, they're
supposed to be for illegal immigrants.
That's what the story is.
But it came out in the Rex 84 hearings and then even more modern ones, that's the cover.
That's how they keep the pump primed with those prisoners, but the real design is for
civil unrest.
Well, I was very concerned, mainly because of who was involved in this.
It's Wackenhut Corporation, which now has changed its name several times, it went to
became GEO, now it's under an Italian cover, what used to be called Wackenhut Corporation.
They were the main contractors, and Wackenhut does private prisons, and it is very mobbed
up with doing counterintelligence.
Again, I found this in Venezuela, where I have tape recordings of Wackenhut people.
I can't say I really understand everything they're saying, but they keep talking about
things like the Third Circle, and it's kind of some type of espionage operation.
I don't know if it was an attempt to assassinate the president of Venezuela or something else.
But if you get Wackenhut, ChoicePoint, Homeland Security together, the combination is really
not very pleasant, very dangerous.
We're gonna come back and get into what has happened over in Cyprus and how that's expanding.
Then I wanna get into Hugo Chavez, who you knew quite well, so an inside look on that.
Made several films with him and about him, and then we're gonna also expand out into
the Koch brothers, and then we're gonna break down what Monsanto's doing, the Monsanto Protection
Act.
American gardeners and fellow patriots, make the right choice with your money, time, and
your family food supply.
Choose 100% pure heirloom seeds in the Survival Seed Vault from mypatriotsupply.com.
Why spend more?
The Survival Seed Vault from mypatriotsupply.com is only $37.95, and includes 20 varieties
of pure, hearty, easy-to-grow heirloom seeds.
Yes, only $37.95, that's 70% less than our competitors.
You could buy three Survival Seed Vaults for less than one of theirs.
The Survival Seed Vault from mypatriotsupply.com includes detailed planting and seed-saving
instructions and ships same day.
Plus, all orders over $49 ship free.
Mypatriotsupply.com is American-owned by patriots like you, passionate about freedom and preparedness.
Call now, 866-229-0927.
Or, discover more emergency preparedness items when you order at mypatriotsupply.com.
Choose the original.
Choose the Survival Seed Vault at mypatriotsupply.com.
It's time for a home security quiz.
What effective home security device is smaller than a coffee cup, fakes out burglars into
thinking someone is home at your house while you're away, plugs into any wall outlet, is
recommended by many police departments, and sells for less than $30?
Yes, it's fake TV.
This year, about one in every 50 U.S. homes will have a break-in with burglars usually
picking the easy target, a dark house that looks like no one is home.
Fake TV is a small electronic security device that makes it look like someone is home watching
TV by simulating the light from a real TV.
Fake TV could be the difference between coming home to a secure house or one that's been
ransacked.
Get your fake TV for only $29.95 with free shipping, go to faketv.com or call 1-877-5-FAKE-TV.
That's 877-532-5388 or go to faketv.com.
Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
Now there's an amazing new natural antibiotic every person must have.
It's cells alive silver solution and it destroys over 650 hard to kill viruses, fungus, bacteria,
and much more.
Cells alive silver solution has no expiration date, is great for emergency kits and storage
shelters and comes in 8 or 16 ounce bottles.
Order today at 888-910-4367 or visit hempusa.org.
Hempusa.org, 100% chemical free superfoods and unique health products.
We the people grow cotton, we fabric, engrave ink, embed strips and fibers to protect from
counterfeit and carting to a private bank, having it lead back at interest, forcing taxes
to service debt.
Is capitalism or was Jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing the public
currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than a standing army?
Hi, Ted Anderson.
I'm placing a free silver dollar in a book that explains our monetary system.
Call for your copy, 800-686-2237.
It's time to understand the system.
Call 800-686-2237.
That's 800-686-2237.
Is this the year you finally get serious about your family's drinking water?
If so, keep listening for a special offer from Big Berkey Water Filters.
Did you know that over 60% of municipal water is fluoridated?
Berkey Water Filters distinguish themselves from many other filtration systems with the
capability to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine, fluoride, arsenic and disinfection
byproducts from municipal water via the black Berkey and PF line of filters.
Then there's affordability.
At only 1.7 cents per gallon, Berkey Water Filters purify treated and untreated water,
even stagnant pond water.
Stop and think how much money you could save by simply reducing buying bottled water and
using water filtered by your Berkey Water Filter.
No need to be constantly replacing expensive filters with a Berkey.
A single set of filters can last for 5 to 10 years.
Choose the best size Berkey for your needs at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
And right now, all GCN listeners get 5% off all ceramic filter systems.
Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY.
That's 877-99-BERKEY or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
Free shipping on every order over $50.
Big Berkey Water Filters, for the love of clean water.
By the way, I haven't told my Dave Mustaine, Metallica, Megadeth, you name it story.
He and his wife and my wife were out last night and hanging with Willie Nelson.
That is quite a story and Willie's like, hey, you need to call me, I want to come on the
show.
And I hadn't seen Willie in a couple of years, but I got a chance to hang out with him last
night and he is just as good a guy as ever.
But I tell you, I disagree with him a little bit on the Sandy Hook thing, but it's all
that peer pressure.
But I want to get Willie back on, so maybe that'll happen.
He says he's going back on tour next week, but he says he'll give me a call whenever
he wants to come on.
Okay, let's go back to Greg Palace, I just put up for TV viewers, you can see the photos
of myself, Dave Mustaine and Willie Nelson.
It's just interesting, three interesting people together up on our Twitter account at Real
Alex Jones.
You can follow us there.
You can check out Greg Palace at GregPalace.com.
Okay, Greg, this is a short segment, long segment coming up.
But spend some time on what's happening right now with the taking money out of bank accounts.
They didn't just get 10%, they went ahead and took 40% or more out of people's bank
accounts.
And now they're saying they may do it Europe-wide, and this isn't even a big story now.
It's just like, yeah, we're gonna take your money and give it to big global mafia-run
banks.
And they're deploying troops on the streets.
And I guess if they do that here, everybody will just say, thank you, here's all my money.
And you're a terrorist if you think that's robbery.
Do you remember the good old days when you put money in the bank to be safe from the
robbers?
Yes.
That's robbers on the bank.
You put your money in the bank and they take it.
And what's amazing about it is that the European Union, just like the US government, has a
guarantee of depositors for less than if you have 100,000 or fewer euros.
And they're gonna take everyone's money, even those who are guaranteed by law.
And you have to understand, when they talk about the government taking the money, the
government doesn't get the money.
What they're doing is they're sucking the money out of the bank account and literally
giving it back to those same bank owners to pay off the bank bondholders, the speculators
in the bank.
In fact, in the original European plan that was secretly cut, they had literally, the
owners of these banded banks were not required to take a single penny of loss.
They've been paying themselves massive salaries, massive dividends, sucking the money out to
their cronies.
They take the money out of your bank account and give it to the so-called investors.
That's what they're doing.
It's just beyond imagination.
But hey, listen, if you were reading my books, you would have known that was gonna happen.
You'd have to be kind of a schmoe to put your money.
I took a transcript that you and I did in 2002 from a radio interview that got published
in newspapers all over the world cuz your site picked it up.
And it was called, what was the name of that?
Guys, there's a copy of my book around here.
It's out of print, but the digital copy's on presidentplanted.tv for members.
In my book, Descent into Tyranny, I forget the headline, but it broke down how they go
and take your bank accounts, and how they take over, and how they would then do it in
the Western Europe.
And because you got the documents, but punching that back up, punch that story back up, guys.
I wanna read this to Mr. Pallas.
Uber-style bail-ins are proposed in new 2013 Canadian government budget.
They're also proposing it in Spain, Portugal, Greece, Italy, the head of the EU central
banks proposing it.
I mean, they're getting ready to just take everybody's money and give it to private people.
This is amazing, Greg.
And not just any people, the number one beneficiary is a guy named Paul Singer.
He runs what's called a vulture fund.
He's the Uber vulture.
He bought up a bunch of Greek bonds for next to nothing, about 20 cents on the dollar of
value.
And then he asked for 200% of their face value.
So the guy's looking at something like a 2,000% profit, and he says, and why does he get the
money?
Because he also is one of the biggest donors to the political parties.
And by the way, he's the number one funder of gay marriage rights.
His son is married to a guy who lives in London.
So you gotta put these things together, Cyprus and gay marriage.
Because I'm gonna tell you right now, I'm kind of libertarian on this, you wanna marry
whoever you want.
I don't care.
It's none of my business.
But it is a total football issue.
But it is being used to cover up the real steal.
And this guy, Paul Singer, for example, everyone is praising him on, all my good liberal friends
are praising him.
Well, Naomi, you can take everybody, your widows and janitors' bank accounts, and give
it to him as long as he likes gay people.
That's right, as long as his son is allowed to marry a boy, that's okay, and he's all
for it.
Yeah, no, they're getting us to obsess over, we better pay for people to have sex changes
instead of, hey, can we not give 85 billion a month to private banks?
Right, so it's circus, bread and circus.
I got attacked by my liberal friends, which are most of my readers, for saying that Alex
Jones is one of the most substantive programs on subject matter on the air.
And yet, what do you think Rachel Maddow is going to be talking about tonight?
It's all...
Gay marriage, but we're not.
Let's come back and give you the floor on the banking crisis, where you see it going
and how to stop them.
Greg Ballast.
We're on the march.
The empire's on the run.
Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the
Cal-Ben Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning
needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your
arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe.
It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to getsimplisafe.com SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit or shed.
Getsimplisafe.com SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install
yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
I had tried everything.
I'd cut back the amount of food I was eating.
I was lifting weights and jogging, but nothing was working.
My body was literally starving for minerals and trace elements as well as key vitamins.
And as soon as I had that, I immediately could eat half of what I was eating previously and
be satisfied.
Now, there are hundreds of great products at infowarseteam.com, but I want to point
out the three that have helped me lose 37 pounds in just two months.
Products like Beyond Tangy Tangerine, Holland Burst and Rebound.
When I started taking the Tangy Tangerine and other products every day, I lost more
than 37 pounds in just two months.
Now that's results.
I want to challenge my listeners to go to infowarseteam.com and to order just three
of their products, and you will see the changes in the way you look, feel, and in your appetite
almost immediately.
Start your journey to health and wellness today, infowarseteam.com.
He aligns himself with the truth, and it's time for you to choose a side.
You're listening to Alex Jones.
Listen to that voice.
Oh, man, Robert Plant.
Greg Palast is our guest, ladies and gentlemen.
We're going to go back to him here in just a second and finish up with what's happening
on the financial front.
It couldn't be bigger, but we've known it's coming for so long.
In a way, we're conditioned ourselves.
It's like, yeah, they know Aspartame gives you type 2 diabetes, and that's why they put
it in there to kill us.
Here's the document.
Yeah, Monsanto, the pesticides that grow in their food, a pharmacological crop, yeah,
causes organ failure in all the mammals that eat it, yeah, they got liability protection
now.
Yeah, yeah, well, their cafeterias don't serve it.
No, no, they're eugenicists.
Hey, but I'm an extremist because I don't like that, and we're just all in this together,
and they've got us busy.
I mean, you turn on MSNBC, it's like the Ku Klux Klan channel, but it's from a liberal
perspective.
Just race everything, race, I'm so sick of it.
I'm so tired of it, just shut up.
I wasn't raised like that, nobody I know is, I'm sick of it.
They just want everybody at each other's throats while they're robbing us.
That's all a giant hoax.
Welcome to Planet Hoax.
The new issue of the magazine's out, you can get subscriptions, the next 12 issues.
In fact, while we have supplies of a few of the back issues, most of them have sold out,
we have in bulk that we sell in groups of 10 up to 100 to wake people up, big color
glossy magazine full of key information.
People are going out of print, we go into print.
We've dominated on the web and in alternative real media, now we're gonna dominate here
and it's very successful.
But we'll have some of the march and some of another issue for people that subscribe
so you really get 13 issues for the 13 colonies for the next thousand people that subscribe.
Or again, you can buy them in bulk at cost in groups of 10 up to 100.
You can even get a little newsstand that says info wars.com at cost because this is an at
cost.
It's not bad to make money to fund liberty, obviously, win, win, win.
That's how we do this.
But this is something that's at cost, I mean, on newsstands, this would be $5.
It's like the old Rolling Stone, big broadsheet, and it's got a lot of amazing stuff in it
as well, the Dianne Feinstein centerfold.
And no, it's not pornographic, folks, it's an April Fool's joke.
We put her head on Betty Page and some other things, as you can see there, actually, it's
a real photograph.
She can't go out in the daytime.
The point is, ladies and gentlemen, is that you need to get that magazine to wake people
up.
Welcome to Planet Hoax and the War on Reality.
Also, when you buy books, videos, t-shirts, films, the best materials out there, including
Greg Palus' books we've sold, we sold out of them and then couldn't get more of one
of the last ones.
We need to reorder those.
But I guess they're back on bookstore shelves somewhere, if you can find them, the last
book.
That sold out.
They were just telling me the other day when he was on, I go, hey, we're carrying his book.
Yeah, they all sold out.
We're trying to get more.
But the point is, support alternative real media.
You don't have to agree with Jesse Ventura on everything.
He's a real guy.
I admire him.
You don't have to agree with Greg Palus on everything.
He's a real guy, so I admire him.
You don't have to agree with Alex Jones on everything, but we're real, so you need to
support us.
So get the pro pure stainless steel water filters that cut all the garbage out.
The best system out there, that's why we carry it at the lowest price, 10% off with promo
code water.
Buy from the good guys, infowarsstore.com, or 888-253-3139, 888-253-3139.
New books, videos, t-shirts in there, sometimes every day, always every week.
It really is a giant factory of funding our operation and of resistance, so it's a win-win.
We've now done research.
I'm gonna be the seed center.
I'm gonna carry like eight different companies that we've researched for a year.
Weldon Henson's obsessed with only carrying the very best products, because I told him
to be.
Plus, he's a great guy.
Loaded bombs and worked on F-16, so he's a pretty good stickler to get the stuff done.
Right now, we've got six companies that are highly reviewed, and we have the lowest prices
on seeds.
We're gonna add even more at infowarsstore.com.
Great to plant seeds, great to have at the garden, great to be involved.
We've got all of Mike Adams' natural organic products that have been triple-sourced and
tested with the test stuff linked on his website, produced right here and packaged right here
in Austin, Texas.
That is also available at infowarsstore.com.
We've got the best kelp, seaweed systems, monophyllin at the lowest prices.
Not only do we have the best products, the lowest prices you're gonna find out there.
Double-check for yourself.
Infowarsstore.com or 888-253-3139, 888-253-3139.
And lastly, support our local AM&FM affiliates and their sponsors.
Shop with people that advertise on this show and become an advertiser locally if you believe
in this message.
The globalists are all in to overthrow our liberty.
We have to get all in to awaken America to the organic resistance that can bring down
the synthetic fake left tyranny of the New World Order.
Okay, now get back to what you were saying complimenting me.
I like that part, I'm joking.
No, no, seriously, get back to what you were saying about what's happening in the economy,
the distractionary issues, and then let's segue into your films on Chavez because he's
dead.
It's a big debate.
What was your real take on him?
I get it.
We're giving 85 billion to singer and people and they control tens of billions or have
that and leverage trillions.
He took it from those type of people and gave it to the poor people so they say he's a hero.
But I just call that another form of tyranny because now the money's running out and Venezuela's
falling apart, but you probably say that's the sanctions.
I'm gonna shut up, Greg Palast.
We got about 12 minutes before we go to break again.
You've got the floor on what's happening in Europe, what's happening here, who's making
money off of it, Chavez, and then I want to get into the Koch brothers.
Go ahead, Greg Palast.
All right, quite a bit, but I'll make it quick.
First of all, I do want to mention, as you mentioned, MSDNC, as I call it, which are
my buddies.
I know all these people, but I gotta tell you, the Defense of Marriage Act, I found
myself agreeing with the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court probably the first time
and only time in my life.
He said, what is this case doing here?
You already won the federal courts throughout DOMA already.
How come you, Mr. Obama, have appealed the decision you agree with?
Is this just some political cover so we take the hit and you have a wonderful political
story here?
The court case on DOMA is a fake.
The law is already, already been killed by the federal courts.
It's done.
There's no reason why it was before the Supreme Court except to make sure that you're not
looking at Cyprus.
You're not looking at your bank account, you're not looking at Mount Santo.
Once more, you're supposed to just look down at your crotch and that's gonna determine
the political discussion in America and I'm tired of it and I'm glad you're having me
on.
Exactly, I'm not obsessed with sex stuff and I'm tired of it being rammed down my throat
every day.
Yeah, so, okay, fine, now, and again, the mischief, this whole mischief is being funded
by Paul Singer.
He's not doing it because he cares about your rights.
He cares about his money and he wants your money to be his money.
Now, that gets us to what's happening in Greece and elsewhere.
As I've written, in fact, my latest book, Billionaires and Ballot Bandits, we're reprinting
fast as we can.
It was a New York Times bestseller, we'll get them to you, Alex.
Billionaires and Ballot Bandits has a story about how these guys have been shaking down
Europe and America.
The Euro was created by a guy named Bob Mundell, who is out of Columbia University, he's not
European, he's Canadian.
He got the Nobel Prize for it, but he told me, and I have him on tape, cuz I was a student
of Milton Friedman and we were all friends.
And he said, look, the Euro is not there as a good currency, it's there to smash, to smash
the system.
They believed in what their philosopher, the guy that's known as a guy named Schumpeter.
Well, that's actually come out in documents before that.
And it's funny you say that, because now the Canadian budget of the government's officially
calling to steal people's bank accounts in Canada, and they're not even claiming they're
insolvent.
I mean, this is incredible.
In other words, they're fomenting bank runs.
The other thing that I'm hunting down right now is information that while everyone else's
money was locked in those Cypriot banks, the Russian mobsters have figured out ways to
stick their straws in and get their money out while they supposedly weren't able to.
So they're not taking the hit that everyone thinks that they're taking.
The other thing to remember is this, I've seen the maps.
There's a billionaire oil man who let me look at the seismic maps around Cyprus.
Let me tell you, that is an island in the middle of a pool of gas and oil.
That's what it's all about.
They're gonna say, well, we need some collateral, guys.
And actually, the prime minister of Greek Cyprus went off to Moscow to secretly offer
the oil fields and gas fields around Cyprus to Putin.
Say, look, save us here, and we'll give you the gas and oil.
And he doesn't want it, because he's got his own, and he doesn't want it drilled at all.
So this is a fight really, believe it or not, a lot of this is a fight about the oil.
And that's, again, what gets us back to Chavez.
So as to Chavez, look, if you go to gregpalace.com, you can download the film The Assassination
of Hugo Chavez.
You might like him, you might hate him.
Most of the people there think he was Jesus on a pogo stick, because people were very
poor.
He took the oil money, he gave it to them.
Did he do things I didn't like?
Yeah, he closed down an opposition TV station, and I thought that was disgusting and awful
and ridiculous.
I told him so, and I wanted the answer.
He said, well, they broke the law, yeah, but whatever.
I think that's not how you run a democracy.
He was elected, as you say, he was elected because he gave people the oil money, which
was new.
He said, hey, I'd like to get the oil money out of Alaska for America.
Why not?
Sarah Palin raised taxes on oil companies as much as Hugo Chavez.
And I think she was right, and I think he was right.
Now, what else did he do?
When the banks told him, the US Federal Reserve and the banks said, listen, whenever we pay
you money for your oil, you're supposed to give it all back, right?
Like in that show The Network, the Arabs have billions of dollars, Mr. Beale, and now we
must get it back.
The title forces of nature, Mr. Beale, and you will atone.
Am I getting through to you, Mr. Beale?
And that's what they told Chavez.
Look, you gotta bring the money back.
It's always been that way.
In fact, before Chavez took over and Venezuela was elected, Venezuela would sell about $40
billion worth of oil and return $50 billion because they would not only send back the
oil money, but all the rich guys from the plantations would hide their money in New
York and Switzerland and Miami.
When Chavez came in, he took $20 billion in gold bars out of the US Federal Reserve, sold
it off, melted it out, sold it off, and established a micro lending program in his country.
Then when the vulture financiers and JP Morgan, Citibank, and the rest of the gangsters and
the banksters told Argentina, you have to sell it to your water companies, your electric
companies, your oil companies, everything, because you're busted.
Chavez said, no you aren't.
I'll lend you the money.
He bailed out.
He lent the money to save Argentina, which is now booming.
He lent the money from Venezuela oil reserves to Brazil, which is now booming, to Ecuador
now booming, and now to Bolivia.
And he also blocked all those regional governments.
I mean, when he was at first in 14 years ago, I said, I don't like socialist guys in red
shirts that like Hugo Chavez, but I said, if he doesn't act like Fidel Castro or other
communists, he'll be the first communist or socialist that actually redistributes stuff
to actual poor people from robber barons, who I get most of the time ended up stealing
it through fake right wing consolidation deals, but that's one evil to another.
My issue is I know people from Venezuela personally who would have like a small factory that had
like 20 employees and made 10,000 pairs of shoes a year that they would, that finally
now they would nationalize and just basically let friends of the government wear their red
shirts in.
Or people that had private schools that say had 100 pupils being told what they had to
teach.
And I guess they call that accreditation here.
My whole issue is, didn't Chavez get more and more authoritarian as the years went on?
Or do you think I'm wrong as a Chavez expert?
I, you know, look, I've known him for many years well, and I would agree with that.
And I was very, I'm not happy about that.
I know you criticized him the last few years.
And I think that one of the things is, though, that the one thing he did keep a commitment
to and which is the ultimate, which is that you count all the votes.
And he did lose one vote, a major vote, to change the Constitution when he overreached,
when they were trying to change the Constitution, basically control small business.
And he lost by half a percent and he accepted that decision.
And you know, dictators don't lose by half a percent.
Ask the dictators in Florida and Ohio.
And so, you know, so he at least kept to the most important promise of democracy, which
America is yet to accept.
Let's count all the votes.
I didn't agree with any of those other things.
The other thing is that he took from the rich, he took from the oil companies, gave to the
poor.
The thing is that, of course, it's still a battle.
What about that small middle class of Venezuela?
And so they were getting squeezed.
And one of the problems is a lot of his followers thought, well, let's go after small shop owners.
Let's go after small factory owners.
I don't, those people need to survive to keep any big nation going.
The problem is, is that they got caught up when Chavez went after John Kerry's ketchup
plant, a monster ketchup plant that Heinz has with its plantations in Venezuela.
He nationalized that plant.
And that's why Senator Heinz, I guess he still calls himself Senator Kerry, the billionaire
of the Heinz family, Heinz ketchup emperor.
So he doesn't like Hugo Chavez.
But unfortunately, there's a big difference between a multi-billion dollar, multinational
monstrosity like Heinz abusing its workers and some small guy who's really trying to
get along and can't pay that.
Sure, sure.
Well, I mean, what happened was is obviously more right wing middle class people were in
political fights.
And so when the socialists took over, they get aggressive and start taking everything.
And my point is, that's what always happens and that's why you trade out one evil for
another.
Hey, let's not give 85 billion a month to Warren Buffett and all these people.
And then there's stuff like Warren Buffett killing the pipeline down into Texas from
Canada that I know had its own issues so that they could then ship it by train.
My whole point is, is it's not all lovey-dovey like the left says.
It's all a business plan with a bunch of mafias fighting for each other and that leads us
into the Koch brothers.
What's the real skin?
And we're gonna break here in a few minutes, but and then come back and talk more about
them.
Why is the system going after them?
I mean, I know they're on, you know, Cold Springs Harbor eugenics board and stuff.
I mean, I get that, you know, these guys are serious business.
But the oil companies went after him when their dad actually self-made it.
So he kind of started and then he was anti-communist.
What's really going on with the Koch brothers?
First of all, they're not Republicans as many liberals believe.
David Koch was gonna run for governor of Kansas as a Democrat.
The Koch brothers started an organization called the Democratic Leadership Council with
a $100,000 donation creating the politicians that you'd never heard of before, Bill Clinton
and Al Gore.
These are guys that were created by the Koch brothers, okay?
So the idea that they're somehow Republicans and anti-liberal, that's nonsense.
They are pro-Koch.
They are multi-billionaires.
The two, David and Charles, are worth about $50 billion together and their other two brothers
are worth about another $10 billion.
And so that's a lot of cash and they don't think it's enough.
There's a huge, huge fight within elite circles.
You have to understand how that, and I think that your listeners can understand that.
And it's not Democrat, it's not Republican.
This election the Koch brothers went all Republican before they went Bill Clinton and Democrats.
They backed Bob Dole and they created Bob Dole.
So I remember that race in 96, they literally backed both candidates with massive amounts
of money as did Archer Daniels.
Again, the more research I do, that's the more I find and I'm glad you crystallized
it.
I made my point that they still have American infrastructure that certain parties that are
offshore want to shut down and that that's where the fight is.
And I think for America's strategic interests, just having cheaper energy, I mean, I certainly
don't think they should have all their holdings shut down only so foreign holdings are worth
more.
Well, the thing is that at the moment, the XL pipeline is all about the fight between
the Kochs and Chavez.
And we could discuss that after the, and the Chavez-
Yeah, let's come back and give us, cause I know you know all the inside scoop here.
It's not grasping in the dark here and we're getting the real info.
So there you go.
I'd forgotten I knew that.
Yeah, the Kochs created Bill Clinton.
I tell you, man, man, we're in a lot of trouble.
But knowing is half the battle, letting GI Joe say that.
If you're listening, you'd know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day.
If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better.
You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared.
For years, we've told you about our friends at eFoods Direct.
They have the best tasting long-term storable food on the planet.
This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight.
A long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing
you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from eFoods Direct.
Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping
on all food supplies.
Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared.
Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
Don't throw away leftovers.
Instead, throw all your leftovers, vegetable peels, eggshells, coffee grounds, pizza crusts
and more into the Bokashi.
If you love to garden and compost but don't like the hassle of turning a compost bin or
the smell, then check out the EM Bokashi Food Waste Recycling System from Terreganics.
Finally, a way to recycle all your food and plant waste safely and effectively and stop
using fertilizers.
The EM Bokashi Food Waste Recycling System.
Rather than decomposition, the Bokashi system uses fermentation to break down waste so it
takes less time to create nutrient-dense humus for crops or gardens with no turning and no
obnoxious odors.
To learn more and order your Bokashi online, visit Terreganics.com and click on the orange
button.
That's Terreganics.com spelled T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X dot com or call 866-369-3678.
That's 866-369-3678.
Recycle all your food wastes in about six weeks with the Bokashi Food Waste Recycling
System from Terreganics.com.
Terreganics, life's getting better.
Amino acids are the building blocks of proteins.
Amino acids have to be delivered to your body in the shape that nature gave them.
If they are to be used to create new proteins in your body, just like a bricklayer cannot
use bent or twisted bricks to build a brick wall, so too your body cannot use bent or
twisted amino acids to build new proteins.
Giving your body an undamaged amino acid food can make a huge difference in your health.
One World Way is an undamaged amino acid food unlike any other.
You see, heating bends and twists amino acids and all-whey protein powders we've investigated
and most proteins you consume are heated.
With our TrueCool process, you now have a choice with One World Way.
My name is Daniel.
I'm 34 years old.
When I started using One World Way, I weighed 228 pounds.
Now, after two and a half months, I weigh 182 pounds.
This is my ideal weight.
I've noticed an increase in stamina, rate of recovery from workouts, and an increase
in my potency.
Call 888-988-3325 or visit OneWorldWay.com.
We got Greg Palish a little bit into the next hour, and then Mike Adams is going to be in
studio with us here on this Friday edition.
I should also plug that it's already Friday.
I just said it's the Friday edition.
I thought, is it really?
And I looked back down at the atomic clock, yeah, it's Friday.
weeks go by like, well, you know that like seconds now just bam, bam, bam, bam, bam,
bam, you're born, you grow up, you get married, you have kids.
They grow up and have kids.
You're an old man, you're dead.
You're dead.
Life's an adventure, man.
I love it.
It's all part of the adventure.
Living and dying, being born, going through the world and going out of it, but all I want
to do is leave a better place for future generations because I know I'm part of the human continuum.
I'm an individualist, but I also understand the beauty of the collective.
The collectivists say they're collectivists, they're not real collectivists, because it's
the individual that is the cell within the larger collective.
And I don't wanna be cancer cells.
By the way, Greg Palance has also written books and is an expert on Monsanto, who now
publicly wrote a law that gives them liability protection from everything.
Just they are co-emperor with Obama now.
And so finish up with the Koch brothers, and then let's get a little bit into Monsanto
ahead of Mike Adams coming in with the Monsanto Protection Act.
Next hour.
Okay.
Alex, yes, actually, like I said, my latest book, Billionaires and Ballot Bandits, which
has the subtitle, Karl Rove, the Koch Gang, and their Buck Buddies.
So the thing about the XL pipeline is that it would bring in Canadian tar sands oil all
the way from Canada down to Houston and the Gulf Coast.
Now why, as you know, being in Texas, they have a little bit of oil in Texas.
Why aren't we using Texas oil in Texas?
The answer is that in Corpus Christi, there is a monster refinery, which is owned by Koch
Industries.
And that can only handle super heavy oil.
And there's only two sources.
There's Canada and there's Venezuela.
Venezuela right now charges about $101 a barrel.
Canada charges about $33 a barrel less.
The Canadian oil is a lot, lot filthier, about five times as full of sulfur per barrel.
And so it's really-
To be clear, it's one of the biggest distillate factories in the United States.
That's right.
Yeah.
And so it's really simple.
The XL pipeline is not about being free of foreign control, because Canadians aren't
in our control either, or Venezuela, Venezuela is not gonna cut off our supply.
It's about saving about two to $3 billion a year for Koch Industries.
It's the biggest private company in America.
There's no shareholders.
It goes right to the two brothers' pockets and their couple of partners.
But still, there was a winners on the other gang's Gangnam style, because it does go to
Berkshire Hathaway now.
That's right.
So what happens in Berkshire, that is Warren Buffett, bought up rail lines.
And everyone's saying, who buys rail lines anymore?
The oil, they're still gonna move the oil from Canada, but starting from South Dakota,
they're moving it by rail, by tanker car.
So for the first time, you have a massive, massive increase in rolling stock use in America.
So the railroads are coming back.
So the idea is that now, remember, we used to have, 150 years ago, was a war between
the ranchers and the railroads and the farmers.
Now it's between the railroads and coke oil.
And so Chavez-
Cuz that's right, cuz coke's in trucks.
Right.
Now coke, it wants the XL pipelines, cuz they're gonna pipe it down.
They don't wanna pay Berkshire Hathaway, they don't wanna pay Warren Buffett.
So now you know why suddenly Warren is cuddly with Obama and the cokes are cuddly with the
Republicans.
It's about the oil, it's about their money, it's about the cost.
And it's not that they don't like the Venezuelan government because it's socialist.
Believe me, if Venezuela cuts the price of their crude to 80 bucks a barrel, suddenly
they're not gonna worry if they're socialist or Nazis or from outer space.
They'll love the Venezuelan oil.
So they're purely Machiavellian.
That's what David Knight says in his research is that they're just purely Machiavellian.
And then you got Monsanto, again, a switch hitter.
Hillary Clinton's career was hugely backed by Monsanto Corporation.
Let's talk about that when we come back with Greg Vallas.
Five more minutes.
You are listening to GCN.
Visit GCNlive.com today.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health.
At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection of
silver-based products.
Our most popular silver-based products are the 32-ounce nano-silver solutions, our 2-ounce
nano-silver nasal applicators, as well as our all-natural silver soaps.
Just released is our 100% natural silver gel.
Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and
leave the silver at the surface, but rather we have formulated our silver gel using the
natural skin-nourishing chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the
skin, while delivering the silver more effectively.
Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver-based products
are best for you.
That's www.silverlungs.com.
Waging war on corruption.
Alex Jones on the GCN radio network.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups.
You want answers?
Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network.
And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Impressive, most impressive.
Don't act so surprised, Monsanto.
You aren't on the mercy mission this time.
Several pesticide biopharmacological crops were sent to the system.
I want to know what happened to the tumors they grew.
All right, being a little goofy here.
Greg Palast, I'm writing that in my head as we go along there.
Actually, I should do Autobot stuff.
How about this?
Autobots?
Let me do it better.
Transform and roll out.
All right.
I really want to do voiceovers.
I've done a lot of voiceovers.
It's fun.
I've done national TV, movie voiceovers, you name it.
I don't have time to do it, though.
I'm sorry.
Greg Palast is here.
Mike Adams is coming in.
And I'm in a good mood today, which I guess is a good thing.
Greg, in the four minutes we've got closing, introing Monsanto, what's their bottom line?
What's their goal?
And what does the Monsanto Protection Act signed by Lord Obama mean?
Well, your children might have extra eyes.
And I'm very, very worried about this because the Guardian newspapers of Britain asked me
to investigate Monsanto after I got a number of documents in which the FDA was sending
a secret treaty material to Monsanto, confidential material.
And Monsanto was getting inside information.
This was being done by the Clinton administration.
And then I found out that the FDA is basically a subsidiary of Monsanto.
It's a massive revolving door so that those running the FDA go in and out of Monsanto.
Like I say, they're very close to Hillary Clinton.
And so I looked up what Hillary was up to.
She goes to Africa and everyone says, isn't it nice?
She puts on the African headdress and she's all concerned about making sure that these
poor Africans get to eat.
Now I was in the Congo.
The Congo doesn't need any help.
It's a very, very fertile place.
It doesn't need special seeds.
It doesn't need our help.
It just needs us to stop killing people there and taking their diamonds, they'll do fine
feeding themselves.
But what did Hillary Clinton do?
When she's in Africa, when the cameras are off, she says, okay, we're gonna give you
a lot of food aid.
What the food aid is, you're gonna buy GMO seeds from Monsanto.
In particular, they push Roundup Ready seeds.
Now, Roundup Ready from Monsanto means that these are seeds which are resistant, supposedly,
to the pesticides, Roundup, which you buy from Monsanto.
In other words, you get their seeds, but if you get their seeds, which the US government
gives you, they're no good to you unless you also spend a massive amount of money on their
pesticide Roundup.
So you have to buy the package and you have to buy it every year.
So instead of making Africa food independent, we're making them completely Monsanto dependent.
It's not about feeding Africa.
Africans have lots of land, fertile land, lots of things to eat, okay?
The problem is civil war, the problem is theft, the problem is corruption.
What they don't need is a bunch of seeds and chemicals from Monsanto.
It's not, again, so the Hillary Clinton Africa food program was about feeding Monsanto, not
about feeding Africans.
There's nothing to do with that.
And now, if it really fed them, would that be a good idea?
If it were safe, would it be a good idea?
Well, I got some other documents.
Monsanto sells a hormone called BST.
BST is used to increase the amount of milk produced by cows.
Sounds good.
We'll have more milk, same cow.
Sounds like a deal.
You just shoot the cow with this stuff, problem.
After a while, in the test that Monsanto itself ran, they were finding after six weeks that
the cows were beginning to, that there was pus in the cow's milk.
The cows are getting tumors on their udders.
That's okay.
You just radiate the milk and boil it and pasteurize it, triple pasteurize and make
it the law so you can sell blood pus milk to people.
What's wrong with that?
Well, the problem with that is that Monsanto, if they told us they were doing that, that's
one thing.
But what Monsanto did when they went to the FDA to get approval, they knocked off all
the test data after six weeks.
So the cows looked fine.
The first six weeks, they're just producing a lot of milk.
The pus doesn't show up.
The tumors don't show up for six weeks, so they lopped it off the test.
And when two scientists in Britain were reviewing their data and they said, well, what's all
this extra data on this disk that you gave us?
Monsanto sued these guys for theft of intellectual property and said that they would sue them
under Britain's terrible libel laws if they released Monsanto's own test data.
I tell you what, I've got Mike Adams coming in, but I want you to finish that and have
bookends and have him talk about it.
Let's get Mike Adams in here.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day.
If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better.
You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared.
For years, we've told you about our friends at eFoods Direct.
They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food on the planet.
This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight.
A long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing
you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from eFoods Direct.
Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping
on all food supplies.
Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared.
Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold and weapons.
But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria,
viruses, moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it
the number one choice of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to SupernaturalSilver.com.
Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Bend Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning
needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
for a free catalog.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
for a free catalog.
See them on the web
at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
See them
on the web
at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a
free catalog.
We all know that Berkey water
purification systems are the most trusted
name in water filtration. As an authorized
Berkey dealer for over six years
in serving thousands of satisfied customers,
the Berkey guy offers amazing
specials for Berkey water filtration
systems. The Berkey light systems
include a set of self-sterilizing and
re-cleanable black purification elements
that purify water by removing chlorine,
pathogenic bacteria, cysts and parasites
to non-detectable levels and remove
harmful chemicals such as herbicides
and pesticides. Order the Berkey light
system today, complete with two black
Berkey elements for only $231
and the Berkey guy will ship your
order free of charge. With the purchase
of a Berkey light, the Berkey guy is also
offering a set of fluoride and arsenic
filters for only $39.99.
That's over 30% off the retail
price. Call the Berkey guy at
1-877-886-3653.
Call online at GoBerkey.com.
That's GoBerkey.com today.
Hi, this is Ted Anderson.
Have you ever wondered why banks,
stockbrokers, investment advisors want
to talk about gold IRAs? They've been
available since 1986, yet the financial
industry won't recognize the value of
gold for your retirement. Gold is
outperformed paper investments, yet no
word about IRAs. If you would like to
have gold for your retirement, call
800-686-2237. Don't get left behind
by rising inflation and low returns,
call 800-686-2237. Secure your future
and call 1-800-686-2237.
You've heard about our MRE smorgasbord.
Now, Long Life Food Depot
introduces the most unique, safe,
and longest lasting way to stash
emergency food, the EatPod.
Most survival food products recommend
an ideal storage environment,
including low temps, low moisture,
and low oxygen. If you're storing in a
basement, too humid, garages and
attics, too hot, but the waterproof
double-walled, high density
polyethylene patent-pending EatPod
is a unique roll-away food bunker
that creates the perfect conditions,
can be buried up to 30 feet,
and can keep your survival food supply
safe, secure, dry, and virtually
undetectable for 25 years or more.
Get full details on the EatPod at
eatpod.com, spelled E-A-T-P-O-D.com,
or call 800-601-2833.
That's 800-601-2833.
The EatPod from Long Life Food Depot.
Since 1983, sending real food
to your real future.
From his Central Texas Command Center,
deep behind enemy lines,
the information war continues.
It's Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Alright, I was having a little bit of
fun there, and it's not fun, it's more
like gallows humor, but Mike Adams, the
health ranger, is here, and I'm telling
you, the leader in health in this country
more and more, I mean, in the past you
could say you were probably the number
two guy under Mercola, and Mercola does
a great job, I just think you're more
hardcore, so it's very exciting to see,
I mean, you've been huge for a decade,
but you really exploded there, and that
is very exciting, and it's great to have
you living here in Austin.
I'm very uncensored, you know, I really
admire what Mercola has done over the years,
but I really like guys like you, and
people like Ronnie Cummins of Organic
Consumers, even though politically he's
a little different from you and I, but
he's got courage, he goes out and bullhorns
people in the middle of the trade show.
No, no, it's time to, it's time for
humanity to rise up and say, it's over,
okay, we're not eating your bio-weapons.
Yeah, I just admire people who have
backbone, it's like you were saying the
other day, you know how people are
getting eaten by coyotes, you know,
coyotes are scared to death of humans,
they stand up and growl, you know.
No, because in no history have they
ever eaten humans. Until now.
People fall down and roll, because
they've been. I just don't get it.
9-1-1, 9-1-1. Yeah, I don't get it,
I don't get, what is this infatuation
with calling 9-1-1 and not being able
to. What is the infatuation with
like groveling and being weak?
I don't get it. They think if you become
a man or a woman and get strong, that
that's scary, because they're tapping
into all that ferocity.
You know, I just figure, because you
and I both, we believe in the afterlife,
we believe in the existence of the spirit
and the soul. If we were to die
tomorrow, we know
that our life was lived with purpose
and we didn't back down
against evil. We stood up to it, and
that's a life worth living no matter how
many years are involved. Period.
And we don't do it because we're on a
power trip, we do it because we're
tuned in. I mean, you just do it.
It's not even courage. People are always
like, thanks for your courage. And I don't say I don't have courage
to sit there and act like I'm self-deprecating.
It isn't courage, folks. It's that I'm
alive. Yeah, I mean,
like you, I have to hold myself back
from saying more sometimes.
Exactly. The normal
default operation mode
for me is to blow the whistle,
blow the whistle, warn people, tell the truth,
you know, and also innovate,
create abundance where possible,
spread the word about things that
work, health and medicine and so on. But
blowing the whistle on things that are bad,
that's just my natural state of
existence. I can't hardly hold that
back, and I don't think we should.
But speaking of that, you know, the Monsanto
Protection Act, a big deal. I know that. I think that's
why you wanted me to talk about that. Yeah, let's get into that.
I always like to bring props and
things when I come in because... You bought
Obamnium last time. Yeah, that's
right. And your son had a
heyday with that. It helps turn
a female senator into a gargoyle.
No, a female gargoyle into a US
senator. Ah, I couldn't tell the difference.
Hey, have you seen the new
have you seen the new magazine?
Marco's handed it to me back there, but I haven't
had a chance to flip through it. What's
Well, no, it's a
There she is.
Senator Feinstein as a
Oh, my gosh, please don't
don't show me that again.
She's dressed in lingerie with
a devil tail. What is it? What's
that on her hip there? What is that? It's a gun.
Is it? Is it a gun? It's Betty
Page with her head on it. Oh, my. And it
says, Hi, I'm Senator Dianne
Feinstein, and I love Liberty April Fools.
We just did it as a joke. I mean, and
people go, Oh, it's a lady. I mean, I mean,
it's a full body bathing suit, basically. So
it's like 50s, you know. Looks like her neck
stitched together like a Frankenstein.
Yeah, it's a joke. It's a joke. They don't
like being made fun of. So there you go. No, no,
humor is the best way to go after them. I'm sorry. Absolutely.
Tell us what you're going to cover when we come back in the next long segment
because you've got a whole breakdown of the
Monsanto Protection Act. Well, yeah,
I'll give you the brief overview of the Monsanto
Protection Act, just because people
some people are still out there denying it. Just like they
say, There are no bullets, Alex. There are
no bullets. Oh, by the way, I have a great idea for
your store. You should sell
imaginary bullets
for a billion dollars because the government's buying
that. Exactly. Yeah, just have
imaginary bullets. Because it's on the purchase site.
Shipping is free, man. Shipping
is free. You have imaginary bullets?
Imaginary armored vehicles?
Because they're buying them on the official
government site, but they don't exist.
They don't exist. So you could sell those things.
Wait, wait, that's how the, they're telling the truth.
They're buying imaginary tanks.
It's all imaginary and you
could get in the business of selling imaginary
hardware. It's very profitable,
man. You don't even need to make anything.
That's the whole new Obama economy.
It's beautiful.
Anyway, that was my idea
for your store that I had driving. I actually think that's
an idea. Yeah, yeah, sell imaginary bullets.
Anyway, when we come back, how far, oh, we got
a few. Just tell us what's coming
on. We're going to cover the Monsanto Protection Act,
but mostly the backlash, the power of
the internet, the power of
independent media like Infowars. Of
extremists. To set
the meme. The very name
Monsanto Protection Act was
created by the alternative
media, the alternative
activists. Who launched the first torpedo?
I don't know who came up with that. I don't know.
I tried to find it, but it was just too. But no,
the systems lost control of the whole narrative.
Yes. So now they're just saying there are no drones
and like Gibbs said, the drones
are real, there's a program, but I'm told say they don't
exist. Right, right. He admits it.
They admit it. But
anyway, we are winning. You know, the Pentagon
has 30,000 imaginary
drones. I mean, they have them, but they don't exist.
You can sell imaginary drones, Alex.
We're on the march. The empire's
on the run. Imaginary radio, Alex Jones.
Doesn't exist. None of this exists.
It's all gnostic. That's right.
It's a life straw, so you can turn
fetid water into safe water anywhere
you go. The Ktor hand-crank
generator to charge up key equipment
during power outages or out in the field.
Strategic Relocation, third edition
by Joel Skousen. When disaster strikes
by Matthew Stein.
TheraSafe used by Homeland Security
to protect yourself during any radiological
event. Hand-crank shortwave AM-FM
radios. Everything that we've
researched and found to be the best is available
at Infowarshop.com
Your purchase makes our Infowar possible.
We're getting prepared. Are you?
Infowarsshop.com
If the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable,
so you can use it in your home, business,
boat, trailer, storage unit,
or shed. Getsimplysafe.com
SimplySafe is also
ridiculously easy to install
yourself in under 20 minutes.
So there's no need to let a stranger into
your home. If you move or need to
relocate, you can take the system with you
wherever you go. You aren't always at home,
but SimplySafe will stand guard,
protecting your property 24 hours a day,
7 days a week.
And again, that's GetsimplySafe.com
is the only one that does it.
And out of the gates, we have it discounted
at 10% off with promo code
WATER. This is the only system
that in one unit helps
reduce or remove pesticides,
herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine,
hydrofluorosilicic acid, the most
common form of fluoride not covered by
other fluoride filter brands, and sodium
hexafluorosilicate. Get
your Pro Pure with the new Pro 1
filters today at Infowarshop.com
or by calling 888-253-3139.
The surrounding environment, but
you humans do not.
You move to an area and
you multiply
and multiply until every natural
resource is consumed.
And the only way you
can survive is to
spread to another area.
There is another organism on this planet
that follows the same pattern.
Do you know what it is?
A virus.
Human beings are a disease.
A cancer
of this planet. You are a plague.
And we
are the cure.
Resistance to tyrants
is obedience to God.
It's Alex Jones.
We've got the article
up at Infowars.com, but I thought
I'd go over to drugsreport.com because it's got the
ridiculous photo of him there ordering
the targets. Kim Jung-un, the
third generation dictator that grew up in the
poshest private school
in the world, probably in Switzerland,
and is admittedly obsessed with all
US media about him and S.T.A.R.S.
and Dennis Rodman. So we had to be treated
with that, so I thought that was the most bizarre thing,
but about a year ago, Paul Watson
was sent by a doctor the Journal of Bioethics
endorsing killing
babies up to three, including completely healthy ones.
And of course, now they're saying, yeah, let's kill
old people. Well, now, Planned
Parenthood official publicly,
publicly, at
a government board meeting, arguing for
right to post-birth
abortion. See, because he's not a human being
anyways, and folks are like, well, that seems crazy
how, by the way, that's called murder.
But now they're saying, well, no,
Peter Singer, the head of the Bioethicist
who said this 20 years ago, no, no, no,
we'll decide if you're a human, period.
And people don't know, I've had Wesley
R. Smith on many times, Wall Street Journal writer,
there have been thousands of people he's chronicled
who are under government custody,
paralyzed, neck down, begging for food
and water, and they dehydrate them. So they use Terry
Schiavo because they could argue, is she brain dead or not,
to sell killing people they say are brain
dead. They're killing them every day. I could open
the phones up right now and have nurses call in
going, yes, Mrs. Johnson's on the second
floor begging for water, day 10.
Blood is now dripping out of mouth because, you know, all the
stuff cracks and it all goes to
and so we saw this
video, Planned Parenthood official argues
for right to post
abortion, we're going to play that as we get into the Monsanto
issue. But when you let,
these are psychopaths, and now
government and the corporations that control it, they want
bigger palaces, more jobs,
their minions want it. So they're saying, we kill
people, we get that. A shrinking
pie is what empowers us. But
there's the video, we'll play it, weekly
standard. And see, now we're the
extremist because we don't want to
lethally inject a three
year old baby that's totally healthy.
They argue for that. Go ahead.
Didn't that other abortion doctor kill
babies with a pair of scissors? Yeah,
he's being defended. Well, it's racist. He was
mainly black babies and it's racist. He was black.
It's racist. If you don't kill him with scissors,
you have to stab him in the neck or
you're racist. It's incredible. I mean,
We're not being joking here.
We were joking earlier about them
lying, but it's all real.
But you could not come up with a better
example of the demonic
destruction of humanity.
The satanic
infestation of the human
psyche. I mean, this is it. I'm waiting
for the Southern Baptist Convention to endorse this.
They have endorsed taking our guns. Yeah,
why wouldn't they endorse it? But
a baby is born.
It's breathing. It's
alive. It has consciousness. It's
looking around. And then to
kill that baby and to
argue for these people, Planned Parenthood
There's the headline. They say it's racist if you don't.
You know,
that's
clearly murder. That's murder,
murder, murder. These people are murderers.
And the other part is
they want to kill us, Alex,
for daring to blow the whistle
on it, to tell the truth about it,
to say, no, killing babies is
wrong, therefore we should be killed.
And look at this, how weird and soft
and piggy like, you know, the
woman who endorses it is, they all have this
weird, soft look and they get off
on weird stuff like, we're gonna
get rid of babies after they're born. They're gonna be like, yeah, we're liberal.
I mean,
it's just like, when does it end with these freaks?
These are the same kind of people who are afraid of
coyotes, who are, you know,
afraid of a firearm, who
you know, they're soulless
wimps.
Their souls have been
evacuated, maybe even replaced
with something else. I'm telling
you, Alex, I think there's more to this
than just what we're seeing. I think there's some kind of-
Listen, my wife
was in PETA
and was one of the only ones, in fact,
a book summary
that I advised her not to do,
that got pulled, was leaked to
newspapers and the whole thing about how they kill,
they pressure them to adopt animals so they
can inject them. And she told
me stuff, and now it's all come out, and I said,
no one will believe that. Because
I was only there for like a year and a half, but
like six months in, they said, well, you're going to the
inner sanctum, which one out of a thousand did.
And I already knew about eugenics and all these
people, but that's what she just said. She said
they're basically demonic.
And the stuff she described, and she got out of it,
you know, because she's like, within days of it,
I mean, she was brought right into the top
of it. She's the one that threw,
you know, a raccoon on Anna
Wintour, or the lady from Vogue.
She's the lady that, you know,
Rush Limbaugh talked for all the time, my wife.
And I'm
telling you, totally woke her up, you know.
I mean, she eats meat and stuff now.
Look, these mass shooters, they're always Satan worshippers.
They have like a little...
My wife just wanted to save animals.
Well, right, I understand.
No, no, no, but she got in there.
They're like, you must adopt animals so we can
oh my God, am I going to even say it.
But at what point, at what point
does this demonic
entity sort of
take over someone's psyche?
I mean, how does it happen?
Well, the test was, would they go adopt an animal?
The Nazis had that, where they'd make the SS
get a dog for like a year, raise it as a puppy,
and then they'd have to strangle it.
And basically, that's what it was
she didn't even understand it. Now I understand what it was for.
Will you go adopt a dog,
keep it for a month, and then lethally inject it
in the office?
Remember the cops, after they got this information,
caught the guy throwing like a hundred of them in a dumpster
that they'd gone out and gotten? But the point is,
the point, I know I'm interrupting.
Tell me, you see this, it's
We need a nationwide exorcism.
This is demon force, yes it is.
That's what I'm saying, we need a nationwide exorcism.
We need some kind of force
of ultimate love, universal
like, I don't know, God, to come in
Maybe we should have like a month.
For like a month, have everybody pray
on the air.
For America to have the spirit of Satan
lift it. Something's got to happen.
You know, I actually researched and did stories
on afterlife experiences, and they
even one was a doctor, I know this wasn't
the topic again, but he said
that the, that in
his contact with
the creator in the afterlife,
which he came back from, he said that Earth
was set aside
as the place with the most evil
because it was a testing ground.
That's what he said. No, every culture
who don't even have that cosmology, it's the same
thing. Yeah. The guardian angel,
all of it. So doesn't that mean our
role as spiritual beings
is to stand up against evil as
a test of who we really are?
I mean, that's, that's, that's the goal.
If you don't live a life
standing up to evil, then you
fail. You fail. Well, it's like the
Stanford prison studies where 90 plus
percent would kill subjects
you've ordered to by the professor. That's
right. That's right.
Yeah, torture, torture them to death. And that's what
this planet is. Will people take orders
from Satan? And they, and apparently they will.
But anyway, getting, getting to, I mean,
now we've got to kill the baby or you're bad. I mean,
you're not want to kill a three year old baby. What's wrong with you?
It's just, it's insane.
Do you want, you want to get
yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, because they're partially
aborting all of us right now with the GMO. Get into
it. Well, that's the thing.
But look, Obama signed
it and Rapoport did a good
article on that saying that, well, Obama
didn't know what he was signing. Well, what
does that mean? If he didn't know what he was signing, does that
mean we have a president who accidentally
signs anything that's put in front of him?
We have an accidental president
and Rapoport hates Obama. I didn't
read his article. He thinks it's an accident. I don't think so.
Obama does whatever. He just does whatever he's told.
Well, exactly. No, no. Obama was saying that that's the
excuse that other people are putting out there. But look,
you, Senator Roy Blunt
sat down and wrote
this writer, section
735, the Monsanto
Protection Act writer. He wrote that with
Monsanto's attorneys. So
senators were conspiring to it. And then Maryland
Senator Barbara Mikulski, she
was the head of the
That woman looks like a demonic muppet.
I'm
going to tell Hollywood something. If you did a demonic character
like her, that like at night
grows giant fangs in each children, let's put
Mikulski up there. I'm sorry.
She's a very scary lady. Well, she was the head of the
committee that allowed this to go in to
kind of sneak attack this writer into
the bill. So she
snuck it in. And then
the very next day, she's on
her website celebrating a
monument for Harriet Tubman,
the American history hero of the Underground
Railroad. I mean, come on, what
hypocrisy? Tubman
helped free people who were
enslaved. No, but they always do things to look
good while they're. But it's the
exact opposite. Mikulski is
enslaving people who were once free.
She is the opposite
of the heroes of history. Exactly. Tell folks
what it does. Oh, yeah, sorry
about that. It gives Monsanto
the power to override
federal courts. If the courts
say that that crop, that GMO
crop is dangerous or that it
might pose an ecological
threat, for example, a runaway crop
plague, a self-replicating genetic
pollution disaster and
agricultural apocalypse. It shows they
are above the national security grid. They are the
government. Monsanto can override the courts
period. The language is right here. They
must be, quote, immediately granted temporary
permits or temporary deregulation
so that they can engage in
continued cultivation and commercialization.
Those are the words right
out of the bill. So this
is now handing over the power of the federal
government to the biotech industry.
This is fascism.
That's what I was talking about with Pallas
earlier. That's what the World Trade Organization
does. It doesn't create free trade
where governments and people can agree to
not having tariffs. It
allows them to make you buy their
products. You can't say no
and they can force GMO
onto your streets. Well,
look at the patterns here. Monsanto
suing the farmers like Greg Pallas
was covering there. Monsanto claiming
intellectual property rights over seeds
that replicate. Claiming
to own these
seeds and any seeds that blow into your
field, you're liable for too as a farmer.
Monsanto's ultimate goal is to
own the intellectual property of every
food-producing seed and crop
in the world. And they brag. Infect
everything so you don't have a choice. You don't have a choice.
Also, if you grow GMOs, your
soil is destroyed by the
use of the herbicides
and the insecticides that are grown in
the crop. Your soil is destroyed.
And it will take roughly a decade
to recover to grow healthy plants
again without the use of all those chemicals
and GMOs. So they're destroying the
farmland. And so it's our patriotic duty
to get into gardening. And I thought
about this in Europe. They plant on
the highways or in areas.
I think everybody should get
heirloom, non-GMO seeds
that produce seeds the next year.
That's why you can't get the hybrids. And start
aggressively planting them everywhere.
I had this epiphany yesterday that
I'm going to launch an operation
to get the best, least expensive
non-GMO seeds and have
people not just plant a garden, but
go around on the highways and byways and buy
old railroad tracks and wherever and just
plant them. And a lot of it will end up growing up and living
and then reproducing.
And I just had like this almost
vision that
it's like how we will attack their
bio-weapon wave by
Johnny Apple seeding other things.
Fruit trees, you name it.
Weaponize it. We're going to counter weaponize.
Destroy them. You've nailed it. Also because
think about right now, a lot of people
have purchased firearms and they've purchased
ammo and they've got all that stockpiled. But they
haven't figured out a way. And they may even have some
food stockpiled, but that's not self-replicating
food. A seed is a
self-replicating natural nanotechnology
that produces food.
We can talk to farmers that create a battle plan of
where to plant stuff. Well, absolutely.
And the basic idea is plant it
everywhere you can. And you know they're going to try to chop
them down too. But ultimately
the government is going to say, if you
want to eat, turn in your guns.
Yeah, that's it. Yeah. So how we beat them
is just farming and chickens everywhere.
Because even these people who have firearms
and ammo, where do they get their food?
They still go down to the grocery store. That is still
Yeah, so you have storable food until you
go and work at a co-op
with a farmer. Come and help them. Learn how to
do it with them. I mean, you don't have to have the land
to do it. You've just got to reach out and turn
off your television. The power of seven
billion humans will crush the enemy.
If we all just put a little bit of force,
together it's an unstoppable force.
This gets to aquaponics again.
You can covertly grow food
inside using aquaponics.
No soil needed. You don't even need sunlight
if you're willing to buy the electricity
for the lights. But you can grow fish
protein. You can grow medicinal herbs.
Herbs that can
help you survive a plague.
You know, when they release the bioweapons, how are you going to
live through that? Well, it was people in the country that had
the wives' tales who hadn't been exterminated
being called witches who knew the
herbs to live. And that's why the
renaissance is it wiped out all the decadent
corrupt bureaucrats and people and only
the farmers were left. That caused the renaissance.
Right. And you can grow
medicine at three times
the speed in an aquaponic system versus
growing it in soil. In a very
compact amount of space, you can grow a lot
of food. This is going to be key.
Actually, Alex, I'm building an aquaponic
system. I'm going to put it on film. I'm going to share
the how-to and everything. I've been
researching this for a long time. This is key. No, I know you
were talking about it a while back. Very terrorist.
You've got to have self-defense, obviously.
You've got to defend yourself. Terrorist. But eventually
you've got to eat. Terrorist. And you've got to
be able to eat without depending on a
centralized system. So what do we
do about
this? What do we do about this
bill? I mean, don't we go for a move to
repeal it just like Obamacare? Well,
absolutely we do. But
I also think that there's
how long can this entire system
of insanity last?
How long is the U.S. government as we know
it going to exist? I
don't know the answer to that, but I have a feeling
that all of these ridiculous laws
that they're putting into place, like this one,
are going to be irrelevant
within a few years because of
bigger changes.
Oh, I agree. And that's why they're running
around buying all the weapons they can while
saying we shouldn't have weapons, that we murder the
children at Sandy Hook, which was a clear false
flag. People say no children
died? No, they greased real kids. They like it.
Not only does it make it more
real, they'll do Oklahoma City, 9-11,
Fast and Furious, Gulf
of Tonkin. Of course they killed
a bunch of real kids. Do they have some actors
that back it up and put out their story? Yes,
of course they did. By the way, yesterday
the Associated Press reported, and I have a
screenshot of this, they reported that
you know how the warrant came out, the warrant
information for Adam Lanza, the
supposed, you know, the Sandy Hook shooter? Yes.
Associated Press reported that they
found a shotgun inside the
glove box of a Honda Civic belonging
to Adam Lanza. Which just shows the
total lot. They even have propaganda. Insanity.
Well, no, their own operatives have never even been around
guns and are so domesticated now
that they say things that aren't, that's one thing,
the enemy's technocrats,
the globalists want such wimps under them
that they're like toddling morons.
And that's why I don't get, why are we
letting such scum dominate us? Well,
but the good flip side of that is if
DHS arms, let's say all the
TSA agents, and they try to create an
instant army by putting guns in their
arms, they're going to shoot each other more than
they're going to shoot anybody else. They don't know anything
about it. No, that's it. We're just following the orders
of like pig vomit. I
mean, it's like getting on the ground and worshipping
vomit. I mean, they're just, these
people are nothing. They really are
nothing. They don't count. They don't count
in human history. They don't count
in the eyes of the creator. They are
here as failed examples of failed
souls that have no real future.
They will be judged as failures
and whether or not you believe in reincarnation. Some
people do, some people don't. But if you do, it means they're
going to come back as a toad or something
to try again.
You know, they are failures
at every level, spiritual,
intellectual, personal.
They are failures. And we
who stand for real justice, real
justice in the universe, we
are and I'm not trying to
sound arrogant. I'm just saying we're doing
our duty. That's all. We're nothing
big. We're just doing our duty
to stand up for women. I mean, I mean, exactly.
It's not some
wonderful thing to stand up against
saying, let's kill babies now after they're
born. We always told you that was
coming, that they're eugenicists. It's not
about women's choices. Gay marriage
isn't about not hating people. I don't
hate anybody. It's about destroying families
folks. I mean, they say that. It's so there's no
kids. You can't say it's my choice to just murder
my baby with a pair of scissors. That's not a choice.
That's murder. Exactly. But I mean
all their agendas,
well, I mean, you're an extremist. Killing babies is loving.
Apparently. Now they're saying kill
old people. That's loving. If you're listening,
you know your basic freedoms are being
threatened every day. If you're listening,
you know the economy is not getting
better. You know gas and food prices
are skyrocketing. Now is the
time to get prepared. For years, we've
told you about our friends at E Foods
Direct. They have the best tasting, long-term
storable food on the planet. This food
will taste just as great 25 years
from now as it does tonight. A long-term
food supply allows you to freeze the
cost and the availability of the one
thing you need most. Be prepared
and get your supply from
E Foods Direct. Right now is the
best time to stock up and save hundreds of
dollars with free shipping on all food
supplies. Give yourself peace of mind
and be prepared. Act now
and call 800-409-5633
or visit
efoodsdirect.com slash Alex.
Get free shipping on all orders
for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633
or
go to efoodsdirect.com
slash Alex. You can bet
your life on E Foods Direct.
Hey there. My name is Frank
Bates. Do you know the number one
most valuable item in a crisis?
Some people think the answer is gold.
Others think it's a gun.
But the correct answer will shock you.
I just created a free video at
Crisis123.com
that reveals a surprising item
that is more valuable than gold in a crisis.
97%
of Americans don't have this one critical
item. In fact, they haven't even given
it a thought. And the sad truth is
that you may not survive without it
when a real crisis hits and a
starving mob is right outside your door.
What I have to tell you could literally
make the difference between life and death
for you and your family. Watch my
video at Crisis123.com
to discover the number one most
valuable item in a crisis. You'll be
shocked. See the controversial
video that thousands of other smart
patriots have already seen in the last three months.
Go watch my video now at
Crisis123.com before
they force me to shut it down. Again,
that's Crisis123.com.
Hello, this is Ty Bollinger, author
of the best-selling book, Cancer Step Outside
the Box. I want you to know some
very important information.
In 1985, President Ronald
Reagan requested that Carnivora be sent
directly to the White House at a time
when only the President could obtain this world-class
healer. Now,
27 years later, Carnivora capsules
are used around the world to keep people healthy.
Now, you can protect yourself
and your loved ones in this age of
superbugs with 17 naturally occurring
compounds that instinctively
respond to abnormal cells only
without harming a single normal cell.
If you want to stay healthy, now's your
chance to literally wake up your critical immune
cells to attack harmful invaders
that don't belong in your body.
Call 1-866-Venus-Fly
or order from Carnivora.com.
That's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A
.com. That's
1-866-836-8735
1-866-Venus-Fly
or visit
Carnivora.com. Protect your immune system.
It's the only one you've got.
But you want to come in here sometime next week, host a show?
Yeah, sure, I'll host it for you.
I know you've got like five companies and best-selling
books and mammoth health food
operations. I can barely run my own life.
I'm
on the treadmill at midnight,
man. My exercise window is from
midnight to 1 a.m. now. It's that insane.
Yeah, me too. It's crazy.
But yeah, I'll host
not Monday, but
any other day. No, no, let's do some day.
How about next Thursday?
That's perfect. Perfecto?
Sounds good. Magnificent?
The only way that
I won't interrupt you, actually it's a great banner we have
back and forth. Most people think they're going to have like hour-long
non-dialogues.
Listen, everybody
I talk to sees the otherworldly
bizarreness,
absurdist weirdness that's going
on. Billy Corrigan, I agree with
him, says, clearly the flashpoint's about
to come. How do we get to the zombies
and expose planet hoax to them?
I think the zombies have to
experience some of what we're
talking about before they wake up.
Now, that's begun to happen
in many ways, and a lot of people are waking
up, but there's a resistance
to reality in the minds
of those who have been, you know, Obama
worshippers, or just sort of status quo defenders.
And once you buy into bad stuff, you've got to keep
shining on like, I guess we should kill
babies up to three. But you know,
mostly what it is, Alex, is people care
so much what their peers think about them.
They are so socially
tied to the idea of acceptance
that they don't even dare mention your
name, or- No, no, that's why they
have videos where they just laugh for five
minutes at Charlton Heston over
nothing. People go, that's it, I want to turn my guns
in, I don't want to be laughed at. I mean,
maybe there's something wrong with
Ash, because I could care less what people
think about me. I'm the same way, I could care less.
But that is a sense of ultimate freedom
and the ultimate pursuit of truth, is to
number one, decide that you don't care
what people think about you or say about you.
I only care about people
that I'm intimate with, people that I'm friends with,
because I've decided to love them
and then it's very painful when they
fall to the demonic possession. You were talking
about during the break, have you seen it spreading?
People are like turning into like
little zombies, where they actually go
and they don't even know they're doing it.
Have you been seeing that? I mean, I haven't seen
that in my own circle very much,
but at large, yeah, that's definitely
happening. I think, Alex, I think
not only is there a spiritual
invasion happening,
but I also think something's happening on our planet
with a lot of metals.
I'm finding, we're spending thousands of dollars on
lab tests. This is going to be a big breaking story, that we're
the source, and I'll bring it to you when we have it.
But we're sourcing,
we're testing arsenic levels,
cadmium levels, and vitamins and minerals,
and food, everyday food.
There's a lot... And the breaking news is, what percentage
are you finding high levels in? It's astronomical.
It's, certain
foods have ridiculously high
levels. Across the board, it's not
that much, but if you eat certain things, you get
spiked with a dose of arsenic, and
arsenic will drive you mad. And it's some stuff that
health people are eating. What is it? It is
some stuff that health people are eating. I'm not prepared
to reveal it yet, but let me just say this. Raw food
vegans, who are juicing,
some of them have gone insane,
and I've seen it personally, because I used to
be in that realm. They've gone insane,
and now I know why. Well, okay,
it's just like tea. You shouldn't drink
a lot of tea, because it pulls fluoride out
of the soil, or you need
to get tea that's grown in areas that don't have natural
sodium fluoride. Certain plants,
like tea, will pull certain metals
and certain chemicals into their
structure. And some plants
do it more than others, and some have more
affinity to different metals. Also, metals
have a different absorption rate based on the pH
of the soil they're grown in. So some plants,
such as blueberries, for example, have to be grown
in more acidic soils. They will tend to take
up more iron, because iron is unlocked
at more acidic pH. Sorry, I don't mean to get...
So I shouldn't eat blueberries? No, no, blueberries
are great. You need that. Well, listen, I know your
report's coming out, you spent all the money, but what are some of the things
you got to look out for? You
got to look out for things that come
out of the ocean.
That's the clue.
The ocean's polluted. Ah,
so it's fish, seaweed...
I'll bring you the details later,
but that's the clue for now. All right, Mike Adams,
stay there, we'll talk more on the other side about the
Santa worship act.
Thank you for listening to GCN.
Naturalnews.com, naturalnews.com, I'm Alex Jones at
infowars.com, back this Sunday, 4 to 6 p.m. Central,
Happy Easter!
This program has established an all-powerful shadow
state. Police state 4 chronicles
the sickening depths to which our republic
has fallen. Prepare to
enter the secretive world of emergency
dictatorship. Body scanners,
sound cameras, citizen spies,
stage terror and cameras
on every street corner. It's only the
beginning of the new world order's hellish
plan. The police state isn't
coming. It's here.
Secure your copy today at
infowars.com or see it
online in the highest quality at
infowars.com.
Live from Austin, Texas,
Alex Jones.
All right, Mike,
we have really mandared back
and forth here quite a bit.
We've got the insane video the guys did queue up.
I wanted to play this for you since you
talked about it. It's up at drugsreport.com.
It's also now at infowars.com.
Video, Planned Parenthood
official argues for right
to post-birth
abortion, and
it breaks
it all down pretty, pretty
amazing here.
Let's go ahead and play a clip
from that.
You're in the
committee room whenever I asked
Representative Pigman the question about
what happens in a situation
where a baby is alive, breathing on
a table, moving.
What do your physicians do
at that point?
I
do not have that information.
I am not a
physician. I'm not an abortion
provider, so I do not
have that information.
Go ahead, sir.
I understand that you're not a
physician, but you do represent
physicians who do perform this
activity.
Can you tell me what
happens when a baby is alive
on the table at
that point? What do they do with the baby
that is struggling to live?
I don't know, and as
it's been referenced earlier, we don't know
how prevalent this situation is.
I don't know how else
I can get an answer, Mr. Chairman.
Let's stop right there. It goes on and on
and on, and then they talk about, well, yeah,
get rid of the baby if
we need to, or just leave it up to the parent.
The point is, see, now you see the baby.
They have to kill the baby up in the
vaginal canal when it's that big. That's how they
get it out for those that don't know. They'll say, I don't want to
hear this. Well, it's happening. When you see
it, you turn against it. So they kill the baby
right there. But a lot of times the baby comes all
the way out, so they kill it, and they put it in a bucket of water
to drown. And people see this and freak out, even
the abortion people that aren't totally into
Satanism. A lot of times the doctors are Satanists that's
come out. And so what's happening here
is
they have a problem
now because now it's outside the womb, and they
haven't changed the law yet. And so they're moving
to change the law to go ahead and just kill
babies up to age three. That's what's being called for.
Mike, and I think we should get behind this.
We're liberal. You know, look at
the contradiction in the liberal philosophy
on babies and children.
Killing children at Sandy Hook,
a tragedy. Well, they did it.
But they will use that
for their political gain.
But killing babies that
have just been born, they
think, oh, that's totally okay.
Totally okay. So at
what point, I mean, you think about
these, you can't even call them liberals. What do
you call them, the radical left? I call them
demons masquerading as
high and mighty people that
shit like Moses on the mountain and tell us
that they are our bosses.
Authoritarian snot-nosed cowards
who've woven a spell on us so we've
bowed down to them and let them wreck society.
Yeah, that's pretty good. I always like your
descriptions there.
Power-worshipping, stiveling scum.
Control freak bastards.
The forces of hell.
Yes, yes.
But they don't value
any lives of any children, no matter
whether they're just born babies
or children in the schools. They would love
more children to die in the schools
because it would give people like Bloomberg
more power. Well, they've
run all these shootings. We've caught them.
Bloomberg was ready. It came out and they spun
it. Well, of course, he tweeted in two minutes
after. We were, I mean,
oh, yeah, yeah. Probably getting texted by the shooter.
Yeah, job is done. Go ahead, you
know, proceed. Well, even the cops even
caught the guy in the shooter outfit
and then said, no, that never happened, even though it's on video
and then we got the arrest level that got
expunged. Hey, what do you think the next big false
flag attack is going to be? I think they might kill 500
kids. I think it might be a radiological
attack. Oh, I've been saying nuke.
I think, I mean, they're geared up. Nuke
stuff, say the Patriots did it.
Yeah. And the Lemmings will call.
If Obama said kill all
children under age five, they're terrorists.
Liberals would feed them into garbage
puzzles. I think they're willing to kill a million
people. I agree. No, they're just they're getting ready
for total death. And we're just here
freaking out, watching it happen. No. And then
at that point, somehow we will still be
wrong for warning people about it.
Oh, no, exactly. It'll be our
fault, they'll say, because
we warn people about it and it's better to be ignorant.
You know, why don't, hey, why don't
the radical left just do the post-birth
abortions on each other?
Yeah, there's too many people.
You guys can blow each other's heads off.
Do what they want. Let them do it to themselves.
Good job, Mike. Thank you.
