Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
It's already Tuesday, the 12th day of February, 2013. I am your host, Alex Jones. We're gonna
be here for the next three hours as we are, Monday through Friday, 12 noon to 3 PM Eastern.
And then, of course, retransmitted on stations all across the United States, simulcast, Global
Shortwave, WWCR, and XM Channel 166. The news websites are prisonplanet.tv and infowars.com.
Okay, it's another completely overloaded transmission. I didn't even really talk about the Pope Benedict's
announcement that was made Sunday night that he'll resign, the first pope in 600 years
to do that.
The last time there was a major schism in the church. And whether you're a Christian
or a Catholic, if you live on this planet, this is certainly a big deal. I believe it's
because of scandals inside and basically data that has been breached inside the Vatican
and that there is pressure being put on him to resign. Or that the information is so damaging,
the blackmail information, that he's just stepping down in case it all comes out.
There are major wars going on within the globalist camp. All of the major denominations of Christianity,
the major Muslim leaders led by Saudi Arabia, the Sunnis, they're all pushing world government.
Rat Singer, this current pope, while defending the unborn and things like that, which I think
are admirable, has said global government, all the nations coming together, new world
order pushing EU.
So the Vatican is a big political machine that certainly stands to gain from a planetary
government. And if you look at the Treaty of Rome in 1957, the Vatican is intimately
involved in the establishment of that. And everybody knows I don't get into Jew bashing,
Catholic bashing, Protestant bashing, Muslim bashing. But all of these major groups, the
leadership in most cases, cuz it changes back and forth, is basically a mafia feeding off
of their followers.
And that's just a fact. And anything big and institutional tends to get corrupt over time.
But we'll open the phones up today on the Dorner situation. And I'll give you updates
on after we come back on the economy, how they're totally de-industrializing the US,
raising taxes across the board, county, city, federal, fines, fees, regulations on steroids
designed to bankrupt us and transfer all the wealth to China, where it's centrally controlled
by the global New World Order, neo-robber barons.
Neo-robber barons I think best describes these people. And David Icke is joining us. He's
hard to get on. But I saw the report put out by the different universities at MIT conferring
with the analysis of the German scientist. And there's a lot of other studies that have
shown this.
In fact, guys, I meant to do a file on this. You just got him so quickly. Will you guys
print me some of the major scientific studies? There's been a bunch of them, where they've
noticed that when you observe matter, it changes the way it behaves. In fact, not just when
an electron microscope is looking at something, that changes the way it behaves.
But when a human starts looking at it, even though there's no actual change in matter
or no energy that can be seen, that can be measured in the scientific method that's known,
going into the matter, suddenly when a human looks at it, and some of the studies show
other animals this happens, but not all animals, humans is particularly powerful, the most
powerful response.
This has been proven, by the way, that the matter then changes the way it behaves when
a human consciousness is staring at the other science daily. Quantum theory demonstrated
observation affects reality. Print that for me. And so I walked in here today and it was
David Icke on the sheet. Usually I'm more informed of things. They just got him so quickly
because he's been saying this for, I don't know, 20 years after he had a vision while
hiking in the mountains of, what was it, South America.
All right, we're going to be right back, ladies and gentlemen. Stay with us.
Looking back on 2012, I know personally I'm thanking God that my family and I made it
through the year from natural disasters like hurricane Sandy and the devastating summer
drought to the family hardships brought on by a disastrous economy. Our hearts go out
to those that have lost everything. My friends at E Foods Direct hear from customers every
day that are fortunate to weather life's storm by having a supply of food on hand. Danny
from New York City wrote in following hurricane Sandy and said, almost all the grocery stores
are closed, but I managed to get my E Foods just in time to be able to help my sister
and my niece. Bottom line, it's better to be prepared 10 years too early and one day
too late.
Find common senses warning and do what I've done. Call 800-409-5633 today or go to efoodsdirect.com
forward slash Alex. They have the best tasting long term storable food on the planet. Call
800-409-5633 and ask about the Alex Jones special or go to efoodsdirect.com forward
slash Alex. Get self-sufficient today. Call 800-409-5633 or efoodsdirect.com forward slash
Alex.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus can inflict severe
damage in the human body. Fortunately, a new and vastly improved silver solution has been
developed. Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary broad spectrum antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal
solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin. Supernatural Silver
is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers using a patented technology that is
highly effective against colds, flus, infections, food poisoning and yeast in addition to many
other pathogens. Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe and is the number
one choice of thousands of people for immune system support. Find out how Supernatural
Silver could change your life. Go to SupernaturalSilver.com and use the promo code Healthy for 20% off.
It's SupernaturalSilver.com and like us on Facebook.
And from the front lines of the information war, it's Alex Jones.
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us on this 12th day of February 2013 on this
Tuesday edition. The one, the only David Icke will be joining us because a lot of major
universities and government studies are showing in multi-science disciplines that there are
laws to the universe that don't fit into their old scientific models.
Gee, you mean the government and the establishment doesn't know everything? We're going to be
looking at that today and breaking down these big studies saying that it appears that the
universe is a artificially projected system. To use the word computer simulation, as scientists
are doing it, that would be like comparing a image of a paper airplane, a one dimensional
image of a paper airplane to a Star Destroyer.
If that was itself something actualized and built. When the globalists said that they
have unlocked the secrets of DNA, they haven't unlocked the secrets of humans or a bingo
tiger. They have taken a digital photograph of the DNA. It doesn't mean that they actually
understand it. They have a photo of the tiger, a photo of the elephant, a photo of the human,
and they are able to manipulate small parts of DNA and RNA in the case of viruses and
get a desired effect.
But down the road, it always mutates and turns into something completely different, a lot
of times with disastrous effects. And that's the real crisis facing humanity and the question
of will our civilization survive? Will humanity make it to the next level? The establishment
is doing a couple things. They're digging in giant bunkers, armored vehicles, tanks,
enough bullets in the US to wage a 30 year war against the American people.
While trying to deindustrialize and simultaneously dumb down and sicken the general public, all
of that is going on. All of that is unfolding while the establishment races ahead with technological
developments that they know are very likely to create the crises that could lead to an
extinction level event for humans.
While lecturing us all day how our carbon dioxide that is part of the carbon cycle of
the planet is so evil and how the flatulence of cows is going to kill us all when there's
always been bovine in similar numbers ranging across the plains of the planet engaged in
flatulence. So technically, the establishment is schizophrenic, conflicted, and out of control,
but they're unified in a program of predatory dumbing the public down, robbing the public,
destroying opportunity.
The only opportunity they try to provide is funneled in to their power structures and
their systems. Yeah, there it is, California EPA warns on cow flatulence. So that's a article
out of Fox News from, I don't know, seven, eight years ago back in 2005. They're already
regulating it and taxing it in places like Australia, and Canada is also now putting
that into place.
Okay, enough of that. A lot of things are going on, but I do wanna go to your phone
calls ahead of our guests joining us, and then I have open phones as well in the third
hour today. But here is some of the news that I have here in front of us. Police warn all
black men you could be stopped and questioned.
Well, yeah, they stop white guys and then shoot their car up thinking that they're Dorner.
It's a total hysteria, drama queen behavior going on in Southern California. Is Christopher
Dorner another psychiatric killer? Turns out he was under some type of psychiatric treatment
for depression. You know what they subscribe for that?
Mass murder, suicide pills known as serotonin reuptake inhibitors and others. LAPD trying
to execute Dorner while engaging LA citizens with frenzies shoot to kill gunfire. That's
up at infowars.com by Mike Adams of naturalnews.com. School board wants to take copyrights away
from students and teachers. I'm gonna be getting more into that today.
It's all part of a global trend. We're also gonna get into Bill Gates dodges questions
on why he owns 500,000 shares of Monsanto, well, to release our population. Also, software
that tracks people on social media created by a defense firm to track and also culture
jam and engage in domestic propaganda.
That's London Guardian. And we're gonna be getting into obviously Apocalypse Now. The
final pope, that is the headline up at infowars.com by Paul Watson. And we don't put this type
of news out. The Market Watch, the Wall Street Journal is our article in Paul Watson's video.
A special report is concerning prophecy. Is the next pope the last pope? Medieval prophets
says only one pontiff remains. So we're gonna be looking at that. The larger issue is why
is he the first pope in 600 plus years to step down before dying?
Pope John Paul II was the second longest sitting pontiff. And of course had Parkinson's and
everything else had been shot up previously and still stayed on. So why is that tradition
being broken? Obviously, you've had the internal documents of the Vatican stolen by his valet
who's now been pardoned and all the rest of it.
There's a battle within the New World Order over control of the Vatican. That is admittedly
going on. And I think the evidence is this ties into it. So we're gonna get your take
on that as well here today. And there's a lot of other important Dorner news that I've
not gotten into yet that I want to also get into a little bit later.
But they're thinking that he may have escaped into Mexico cuz they found a boat with a rope
tied around the propeller and they think that might have been him. They think he's in the
mountains. The images of SWAT teams in full armor marching around in the blizzard is pretty
ridiculous. Yeah, it snows in some of those mountains there in California.
It's just all ridiculous. Absolutely ridiculous to see this type of thing happening. But as
I said, we're gonna be getting more into that coming up today. Also in the economy area,
McClatchy newspapers are reporting shelters are seeing more elderly homeless, more real
people, not mentally ill folks who are real people, but sadly are broken down because
of mental problems, not drug addicts.
But real families, real old people, folks that have had everything they have taken.
And the government will take an old lady's house for unpaid property taxes even though
they can't pay them and are broke. They will take your house for unpaid federal and state
taxes and they've got actuaries.
They know the large portions are not gonna be able to pay. It's designed to wreck everything.
The state of Texas now, if you get like three tickets and what is it in two years, you're
not even told that when you go ahead and just pay the ticket, they're gonna charge you upwards
of $10,000 over the next five years.
And it's happened to people I know who get two speeding tickets and suddenly get multi-thousand
dollar bills after they've already paid the ticket. And again, none of this is to run
the system. It's to wreck the system. The power to tax is the power to destroy. So we're
gonna be getting more into that.
I have dispatched some of my reporters to video the next hour what is being reported
by local news radio 590, our local affiliate, as the biggest procession they've ever seen.
And it stretches, it left before sunrise this morning in Dallas, Chris Kyle, the slain Navy
CCL reportedly killed at a gun range by someone he brought out there trying to treat for PTSD.
Approximately 7,000 people attend memorial service for ex-Navy CCL, Chris Kyle at Cowboy
Stadium in Arlington, Texas. And you've got a procession of motorcycle riders, citizens,
you name it.
It's shutting down the most traveled artery in the entire Midwest and through Texas, probably
I-35 is arguably the most busy artery in the country. But security tight for slain sniper
Chris Kyle's funeral procession. And it just goes into the security cuz I guess Al Qaeda
might try to attack, just absolutely ridiculous.
You mean tyranny is tight. Everything is selling the idea of total tyranny, but nevermind that
the government could become the larger tyranny. APD releases ex-Navy CCL, Chris Kyle's funeral
procession route. And it says the funeral procession for ex-Navy CCL Chief Petty Officer
Chris Kyle will travel through Austin today. Iraq war veteran Eddie Ray Roth, 25, has been
charged February 2nd killing of Colin's friend Chad Littlefield at the North Texas gun range.
Nearly 7,000 people attended Kyle's memorial service at Monday at Cowboy Stadium. Tuesday,
the procession will travel down I-35, exit 6th Street, travel east on 7th Street and
north on Navasota Street to the Texas State Cemetery.
That's the former Civil War cemetery, Confederate cemetery. APD Chief Art Acevedo tweeted Monday
that the procession is scheduled to enter the northern city limits between 1130 AM and
noon. Yeah, and they're behind, but a little bit afternoons is the info we've got.
Also police say the cemetery will be closed to the public during the funeral. Well, obviously
can't go visit your family there, they're buried there. Additionally, from 10 AM to
2 PM, Navasota and Kamal Streets will be closed between 7th and 11th Streets, the sidewalk
on the north side.
I'm just going over that to show how out of control this is. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm
not against somebody getting a funeral procession, okay? And obviously I've interviewed Chris
Kyle, I had a chance to talk to him. Jesse Ventura was suing him and winning in court
over his claim. He punched him out and then changed his story that it was outside, then
turned out Ventura had witnesses, it didn't happen.
Kyle didn't, the whole thing's very suspicious. But I'll say this, why not have a funeral
procession for all the troops dying of DU exposure? There is no procession, in fact,
they won't even send people out to do the gun salute and the rituals. The truth is that
more and more they treat the troops like absolute crap, but then they'll have these big giant
events to create the illusion that they care.
Looking back on 2012, I know personally I'm thanking God that my family and I made it
through the year from natural disasters like Hurricane Sandy and the devastating summer
drought to the family hardships brought on by a disastrous economy. Our hearts go out
to those that have lost everything. My friends at eFoods Direct hear from customers every
day that are fortunate to weather life's storm by having a supply of food on hand. Danny
from New York City wrote in following Hurricane Sandy and said, almost all the grocery stores
are closed, but I managed to get my eFoods just in time to be able to help my sister
and my niece. Bottom line, it's better to be prepared 10 years too early than one day
too late. Heed Common Sense's warning and do what I've done. Call 800-409-5633 today
or go to eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex. They have the best tasting long term storable
food on the planet. Call 800-409-5633 and ask about the Alex Jones special or go to
eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex. Get self-sufficient today. Call 800-409-5633 or eFoodsDirect.com
forward slash Alex. Is this the year you finally get serious about your family's drinking
water? If so, keep listening for a special offer from Big Berkey Water Filters. Did you
know that over 60% of municipal water is fluoridated? Berkey Water Filters distinguish themselves
from many other filtration systems with the capability to significantly reduce dangerous
chlorine, fluoride, arsenic and disinfection byproducts from municipal water via the Black
Berkey and PF line of filters. Then there's affordability. At only 1.7 cents per gallon,
Berkey Water Filters purify treated and untreated water, even stagnant pond water. Stop and
think how much money you could save by simply reducing buying bottled water and using water
filtered by your Berkey Water Filter. No need to be constantly replacing expensive filters
with a Berkey. A single set of filters can last for 5 to 10 years. Choose the best size
Berkey for your needs at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com. And right now, all GCN listeners get 5% off
all ceramic filter systems. Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY. That's 877-99-BER-KEY or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
Free shipping on every order over $50. Big Berkey Water Filters, for the love of clean
water. Oh great, now I've got to go to court. Meet Tina, now facing a future court date.
I can't afford an attorney. Then learn how to represent yourself in court, step by step,
without a lawyer. How? Online at HowToWinInCourt.com. HowToWinInCourt.com? HowToWinInCourt.com was
created by a 27-year veteran attorney, so you can know how to win without a lawyer.
Now I can go to court with confidence. Learn how at HowToWinInCourt.com. The leader in
lawsuit self-help since 1997. Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered why banks,
stock workers, investment advisors won't talk about gold IRAs? They've been available since
1986, yet the financial industry won't recognize the value of gold for your retirement. Gold
has outperformed paper investments, yet no word about IRAs. If you would like to have
gold for your retirement, call 800-686-2237. Don't get left behind by rising inflation
in low returns. Call 800-686-2237. Secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
Hello, this is Ty Bollinger, author of the best-selling book, Cancer Step Outside the
Box. I want you to know some very important information. In 1985, President Ronald Reagan
requested that Carnivora be sent directly to the White House at a time when only the
president could obtain this world-class healer. Now, 27 years later, Carnivora capsules are
used around the world to keep people healthy. Now, you can protect yourself and your loved
ones in this age of superbugs with 17 naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond
to abnormal cells only without harming a single normal cell. If you want to stay healthy,
now's your chance to literally wake up your critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders
that don't belong in your body. Call 1-866-VenusFly or order from Carnivora.com. That's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A.com.
That's 1-866-836-8735, 1-866-VenusFly, or visit Carnivora.com. Protect your immune system.
It's the only one you've got.
And we are back live. Alex Jones here. Thank you for joining us. David Icke on the nature
of reality and all these big scientific reports coming out saying that the universe appears
to be a computer simulation. That's their words. It shows a artificial force basically
holding it all together, projecting it. That's what David's been saying for 20 years. He's
been saying exactly that. So he's going to be joining us in the second hour. Whether
you love him or hate him, he's certainly an intriguing individual that will also get his
take on the expanded wars, the police state, the bankrupting of the planet, the mass shootings,
all of it.
Look forward to the discussion with David Icke. I'm going to give the number out right
now, free for all, old callers, new callers, first time callers, whatever the case is.
I want to get your take on what you think is going on behind the Vatican. There's a
lot of theories out there. I'm going to break some of that down with the pub saying you
should step down the next two weeks. 800-259-9231. 800-259-9231. 800-259-9231.
Here's some of the other news I'm going to be getting into after we take some of your
calls. Federal investigators suspected Dorner fled to Mexico, affidavit shows. Here's another
one. Police worried Dorner may be capable of flying a plane. Warning issued to local
airports, more government training given to this guy. LAPD crippled by Dorner's search
limited in response to other crimes.
But the LAPD supports the total abolition of citizens' right to keep and bear arms.
They've been on record for at least 20 years, the police chiefs being federal puppets. They
want the citizens disarmed just like Chicago and New York City while they run around festooned
with weapons. And you've got three people killed, only two of them, police. And you've
got cops dying every week in LA in car wrecks, I looked it up.
And they are literally shooting up cars, shooting up women, shooting up men, beating people
up, just freaking out in a total insane panic. Because more and more police, especially in
big departments, are wannabe tough guys. They believe the sitcoms, they believe the dramas,
they believe they're the superheroes.
When cops get killed in car wrecks now, they'll have giant processions and all the rest of
it. What about general citizens? Are we worth anything? And the answer is no, we just pay
the paycheck. And again, I'm not even bashing police here. I'm saying what is it with Air
Force One and red carpets and the Hollywood stars going to banquets with the politicians
and Nancy Pelosi having, when she was Speaker of the House, Air Force Two that cost $10
billion per trip or more.
I mean, government has become this royal clash while they're reporting record numbers of
old people becoming homeless. McClatchy newspapers report shelters seeing more elderly homeless.
We're going bankrupt. I mean, if you don't pay your property tax, and I know of so many
people who have a little bitty house with a little bitty backyard who are retired, who
by the way are veterans, many of them.
And the court comes and they take their house, and sometimes they try to squat in the house
and a SWAT team comes and says come out with your hands up or we're gonna storm it. And
sometimes you see in the news they kill the people inside. They will kill you, kill you
cuz you don't really own that property.
You pay a rent on it. And they're setting the economy up where it's impossible if you're
not a criminal to live. The illegal aliens are above the law, a lot of the government
people in California, the police get to run red lights even in their private cars. But
so does the entire state employee force that came out years ago in the San Francisco Chronicle
that over a million of them license plates cannot be read by license plate reading cameras
and red light cameras.
When it takes a photo and scans it, it cannot be read. So they run the toll roads, everything.
They are God, they are Lord, they are king. This is what our founders went through. We
know the police are king in North Korea. We know they're king in Mexico. If you're not
cop your little people, to quote Blade Runner, we don't wanna live in a society like that
where the cops are above the law because they serve the mafia above them who's really above
the law.
We don't wanna live in this gang culture. And we're seeing it in Los Angeles. Now, on
the other extreme, people are saying good, kill cops. Yeah, kill their kids. I think
it's sick. I think it's sick that all over Facebook and Twitter and CBS News and AP report
like it's okay. Well, yeah, he might have got fired, it might have been wrong.
He saw a cop kick a suspect. And so he killed the review board head's daughter, allegedly,
and calls up taunting. I mean, that is so sick that someone kicked someone so you're
gonna kill people's daughters. And the general public has never probably been in a fight,
never killed anybody for sure.
Never seen horrible vows, never seen dead kids in car wrecks. They're all wimpily on
their computers going good, good, kill their families. I mean, it is so sick how barbarous
we're getting. But what do you expect? The TV says torture's good, secret arrest is good,
dehumanize the Arabs, dehumanize the Muslims, glass parking lot them.
You don't think that that sick, aggressive, tyrannical military culture isn't gonna come
home to roost? And when the Civil War starts, which they're trying to start, I mean, cops,
you want something to be afraid of, you better hide out if the Civil War starts. Because
you're gonna be an endangered species. We'll be right back, stay with us.
States is now recognized globally as one of the most impressive police states on earth.
This film conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps now being
expanded nationwide. This documentary exposes how the continuity of government program has
established an all powerful shadow state. Police state four chronicles the sickening
depth to which our republic has fallen. Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency
dictatorship, body scammers, sound cameras, citizen spies, stage terror and cameras on
every street corner. It's only the beginning of the New World Order's hellish plan. The
police state isn't coming, it's here. Secure your copy today at infowars.com or see it
online in the highest quality at prisonplanet.tv.
Introducing pro one, all of your filtration in one system portable on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates we have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your pro pure with
the new pro one filters today at infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers. The prognosis for the entire planetary
economic system runs from bad to worse. The globalist model is to shut down societies
and starve patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover. That's why we've assembled
the most vital and important preparedness items at infowarsshop.com. These are items
that I did research on that I personally use. You've got the life straw so you can turn
fetid water into safe water anywhere you go. The Ktor hand crank generator to charge up
key equipment during power outages or out in the field. Strategic relocation third edition
by Joel Skousen. When disaster strikes by Matthew Stein. TheraSafe used by Homeland
Security to protect yourself during any radiological event. Hand crank shortwave AM FM radios.
Everything that we've researched and found to be the best is available at infowarshop.com
and your purchase makes our Infowars possible. We're getting prepared. Are you? Infowarsshop.com.
Live from Austin, Texas. Broadcasting worldwide. It's Alex Jones.
What's happening is we've been dehumanized. We don't have empathy for our friends and
family when bad things happen to him. We certainly don't care about the person down the block
and the world is so busy and so frantic and so distracted. And we've all seen hundreds
of thousands of simulated killings on television and video games in the culture.
That people can't differentiate anymore. Between what's real and fantasy, and so the general
public by every metric worldwide is becoming more and more decadent. And this is a cycle
society has gone through before, but the establishment is aware of human cycles and are on record
and triplicate with the sociology, psychology, anthropology. The advertising techniques to
guide all of this into a culture where it's really cool to not care about anybody but
yourself.
It's really cool to not be informed. It's really cool to be into being a failure and
a loser and just not caring about anything. And if you do that with a hyper group of eugenicist
based control freaks, if you do that, they will eat your lunch. They will run all over
you up one side and down the other.
Let me mention some of the other headlines I've got here and then I'm gonna go to your
phone calls. Gold sellers in Houston must submit to fingerprints and mugshots. And I
was down last week at the Piers Morgan interview in Katy outside Houston. And people are like,
Alex, you haven't covered this, it's on the local news.
And then I just forgot about it. And sure enough, we've got a link to local newscast,
you name it, KTRK TV, you name it, where they are openly saying that when you go in, you
get a mugshot and you get fingerprints to sell gold because they wanna be able to shut
down that commodity as a real currency before they fully implode things.
And they're trying to pass similar laws all over the country. The feds are behind this.
They've banned cash two years ago in Louisiana and secondhand sales. Everything you'd expect
inside a prison is now what's being implemented outside the prison. Everything's being turned
into a prison. And they use national security and security as the pretext to be able to
take control of everything.
In fact, the Austin police are saying no one can come in to the Texas cemetery where people
got their families buried, veterans, today because we're burying the Navy SEAL sniper
Chris Kyle. And we're gonna shut down all of I-35, this has been going on since 6 AM.
So for at least six to seven hours, we're talking traffic back down to 30 miles an hour,
they're reporting, on the most busy highway in the United States. And the most busy stretch
of it is between Dallas and San Antonio with Austin down on the southern leg of that.
And they've got thousands of people on their motorcycles and their cars, whoever wants
to join in. And again, the excuse to keep the press out and only have controlled press
in is, the security, the terrorists might wanna strike as if terrorists couldn't wait
on the side of the highway.
And I've seen state employees on the news by the hundreds and the state police and everybody
parked along the highway all day just eating sandwiches like it's an outing or something.
And that's what they're reporting in California, that they're not responding to burglaries,
robberies, hey, they're not writing tickets either. Doesn't matter, you just raise taxes
on property taxes. They're just staying in their cars or staying in buildings, shaking
in fear because one of their own is allegedly shot five people, killing three of them, two
of them cops.
LAPD, crippled by Dorner's search, limited response to other crimes, NBC LA, the manhunt
for fugitive former LAPD officer and suspected murderer Christopher Dorner, has taken a toll
on Southern California police departments. What about a toll on the citizens getting
shot by the police or getting beat up or coming up to checkpoints and having guns pointed
at them?
We don't count, we don't get red carpets, we don't get parades, we're scum, we just
pay the taxes. Hundreds of officers are working on the Dorner case, not just responding to
every credible sighting, but also protecting at least 50 families connected to the angry
manifesto Dorner allegedly wrote.
You know, the police say it's not their job to protect you, and it isn't, it's their job
to, for the magistrates and for the juries and grand juries to go grab people. My gosh,
look at them on I-35 now, looks like they're going three miles an hour. That's them leaving
this morning, going five miles an hour, my gosh, they may get here in two or three hours
at the rate they are.
And people are lining the processions everywhere. Every overpass with giant American flags,
man. I wish they had processions for the troops dying and 22 committing suicide a day. I wish
they would have processions on every overpass to stop using DU, that's a death sentence.
I wish they'd have processions for not making the troops serve four, five, six, seven tours.
I wish they'd have processions so that the major insurance companies in 99 wouldn't have
done a deal with Clinton to steal the death benefits of the troops.
But see, all that would actually care about the troops. When you get into tyrannies, the
pageantry of the troops in Rome, you name it, gets crazier and crazier. Because it's
about the state being God, the state being the hero, the state shutting down the highway,
making a little people wait.
The Queen of England, whenever she wants, she owns all the roads in London. Every day
they routinely shut down random roads to teach everyone that she owns the roads and has the
power. Sometimes she shuts down major rivers for a day and make ships wait just to exercise
her power. In fact, I was in London a few years ago getting one of the tours and they
said this and I'd read it.
But I went and looked it up and found out they were still doing it. I mean, I knew they
did it 100 years ago. Not that they, we can't go up this street today, the queen has closed
it to exercise her power. That wasn't the term they used, to exercise her right. And
see that's all this is, is you'll have police chiefs crying today. Chris Kyle got shot,
and very suspiciously by the way, and I'm sad he's dead.
And I talked to the guy for 45 minutes once when I was on Open Anthony show, seemed like
a nice guy. My issue is, I was very conflicted over the whole thing. Cuz I like Ventura know
he's telling the truth and Chris Kyle, was he psyop? Was it somebody dressed up like
Ventura?
Ventura thinks it might have been. Cuz he has all the witnesses, was there for a commencement.
Why on earth would he say something like that? We never talked like that before. Ventura
thought I was doing a sick joke when I got a hold of him in Mexico to break the news
to him.
But the issue is, again, the police are just randomly shooting people's cars that aren't
even trucks. Shooting up white people who obviously aren't black, stopping black people.
Black women saying if you're black, we're gonna stop you. I mean, it is just crazy.
And you'll see cops in LA, the photos where they stand there with the machine guns bugging
their eyes out and acting like comic book characters like they're real tough. I mean,
it's just not what even soldiers have acted like historically.
It's like a nation of little kids playing superhero. And that's what Dorner, if you
look at his psychology, was doing. But I mean, I remember two years ago they announced in
Oakland, they weren't gonna respond to 35 crimes, including home invasion, robberies,
you name it.
But they're gonna be there writing you tickets. See, the government has never been there to
protect you. It's there to be sent out by our juries and our grand juries to grab the
criminals and bring them to us who are in charge, the juries. So the citizens will sit
cuz we are the people, we are the government, we are the sovereign, we're on top of the
government.
They've now moved it back where it's always been throughout history, taking us back thousands
of years. From the leap forward with 1776, they've taken us back to government on top
with the badges and the crowns, the fancy hats, the plumes, the red carpets, the helicopters,
the jets flying over.
And again, like cheese to a rat, they glorify troops, glorify police, glorify the culture
so that people that want status and wanna be superheroes imprinted by Hollywood. This
is all on record by the psych warfare chiefs, they brag about it. We'll go enlist in the
military, go enlist in the police to be these superheroes, to be these supermen, to become
better than the general public.
And then they're taught you are better than the general public. The general public are
dumb and we're here to basically tell them what to do and then now it's not even that.
The general public are the enemy. They're out to kill us and we're here to basically
feed off of them. Now, not all police have converted to this and not all departments,
but this is what they're trying to convert to.
So gold sellers in Houston must submit to fingerprints and mugshots. Ron Paul files
complaint with UN agency in fight over namesake website. And Fox News and others are criticizing
Ron Paul going, you went to the UN to get your name RonPaul.com.
That'd be like if somebody not named Alex Jones had my name and was operating and acting
like they were me. And I'm not attacking the site that did it, I don't know them, that's
not my issue. My point is, is that the UN has taken control of the Internet. Our government,
the American people, our science created it along with British and German scientists,
if you really wanna look into it, with some French scientists as well.
But the US funded it through DARPA in the 60s, 70s, 80s, went live in the late 80s toward
the general public could use it. The history of the Internet's there, Al Gore didn't create
it in 1991, like he said, another one of his giant lies. I forgot, he's government, he
can't lie, I'm a conspiracy theorist, I can't question a known liar.
Okay, he invented it. Anyways, when Al Gore invented the Internet, I'm being sarcastic,
when Al Gore said he invented the Internet, it was transferred from a private corporate
system with the IPs. Now it's being fully transferred over to the UN, who says they
wanna censor it, regulate it, and control it.
And so Ron Paul has this website that he wants to now have his website and his TV show and
his film and his books and his magazine, it's all coming out. Okay, I can tell you that
now. It's not official yet, but you're gonna see a bunch of stuff announced in the next
couple weeks.
By the way, let's line Ron Paul up, say for his big media launch, we want him to launch
part of it here. So let's try to get Ron Paul on it, it'll be two weeks, it'll be a month
out, they need to get their website first, okay? And so he's got to go to who has it.
It's like they say, Ron Paul votes against earmarks, but then takes them. Well, yeah,
if the money, he votes against the federal money and doing it and votes to cut taxes,
but then once the money's already there, then he has it deployed to his district.
And they call it a hypocritical, that's a hypocritical. If the UN runs the Internet
now, and that's where you've got to go to get it back, he criticizes that and says that
shouldn't be the case, but that's where he has to go to get his thing back. I mean, people
got Madonna's name, people have gotten so many other people's names and even acted like
they're them.
And you know what? There's a guy in Ireland who's a realtor who has the website Alex Jones
last time I checked. I never tried to take it away from him. He had it before I was even
had a website. He had it like in 96, I got my website in 97. And I think I offered to
buy it once and didn't even get a response back.
But the point is, is that I'm not gonna go to the UN and try to take it. And I probably
wouldn't be able to anyways because it's set up on the old US system and it's very fair.
The UN wants to get rid of that and say if you're not using a site properly for what
they believe, it's taken from you.
So see, all right, I've already digressed. I said I'd go to your phone calls. That's
some of what we're going to be covering today. David Icke is coming up. TSA, naked x-ray
scanners to be used in office buildings. LAPD is getting them. They're already being used
in New York without a warrant.
They frisk you and then force you into one. I mean, just beyond North Korea. Man sues
TSA for $5 million following peanut butter arrest. That's up at drugsreport.com. Over
on the left-hand side column, 24 hours in a shell for joking about sandwich spread.
That's a prisonplanet.com article. Let's go to Paul in Washington. Paul, thanks for holding
you on the air.
How you doing, Alex? It's a real pleasure to talk to you on the phone. And you did wake
me up and I know you hate hearing it, but I'm gonna say thank you like everybody else.
You did wake me up and plenty of others. Prison Planet TV subscriber and I get the newsletter.
So that being said, as far as David Icke goes, I think you owe him an apology. And it's kind
of like when you understand what you're talking about, it's an awakening and it's the same
thing with David Icke. And I don't think that you've given him a necessarily a fair shake
in that regard. You sort of sound condescending sometimes to him and it's amplified over the
air.
Well, I disagree with you and I think that's how you're perceiving it. And I appreciate
your call. About 13 years ago, I was in a World of Wonder, British Channel 4 and also
aired here in the US on cable show Secret Rulers of the World. And they took one clip
of me saying David Icke is a turd in the punch bowl because all the stuff he says can be
documented except for the last three or 4%.
And so I said I disagree with that, but that was out of context. I went on to say but he
gets people thinking, I think that's positive. The Jesse Ventura show edited asked me about
that. I said it, left it in kind of like I said that by itself again. So it's kind of
a distraction and a diversion.
I don't just believe the scientific reports by the way saying it's a simulation. That's
their way of saying a computer simulation. That's their way of perceiving it. They see
a force ordering it. I mean, they're seeing the plumbing in this thing. It's like walking
up to a 2013 Corvette with all the biggest engine and everything and saying, I think
this just appeared in a parking lot.
Now obviously an intelligent designs behind it. They're seeing the plumbing now. And David
has always described the universe as a computer hologram simulation. And so I'm getting him
on even though he's a controversial figure to say, well, what do you think about this?
This adds more credence. I don't know how that then elicits kind of in condescending.
When I say whether you love him or hate him, he's always thought provoking. It's not like
he's God or something. I mean, I'm saying whether you love him or hate him, it's gonna
be interesting. See, I don't think that's, whether you love or hate Alex Jones, I cover
some interesting things.
I mean, I say whether you love me or hate me, government's too big, tyranny's growing,
we're in trouble, decadence is out of control. And see, you said, you called it and thanked
me. I just don't wanna be thanked anymore because I've heard it about a trillion times
and I wanna thank you for being involved and listening.
And it's frustrating cuz I have all these hopes and dreams that I can't even articulate
properly. So I'm a very frustrated person. So people thanking me, it's almost like, I
want you to thank me when we start arresting globalist. All right, let's go to Tyler in
Oklahoma, you're on the air.
Hey, Alex.
Hey, buddy.
I was just wanting to take a moment. Man, the stuff that you talk about with the psychotropics
and everything, I honestly don't think people understand the severity of it. I mean, me,
whenever I was younger, I could personally say that I've been on the psychotropics. I've
been on Zoloft, Abilify, Adderall. And back whenever I was younger, the key to a hyperactive
child to get them to calm down was, hey, put them on Adderall. No testing, the school counselor
could put you on Adderall. And once you take that stuff and everything, because you're
basically forced to take it because of this-
Stay there, I want to talk to you when we come back and have you elaborate on what you're
talking about here. And we'll do this next segment, the next, and David Icke joins us.
But you're absolutely right. Look, I was a student aide my last year in high school.
I think it was two periods a day because I'd finished all my other work. And all I watched
was the school nurse put people on amphetamines.
Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at mfallwarfstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Is 2013 your year to achieve more? More vitality, more health, more well-being? Hi, this is
Pastor Jenny. For 25 years, I spent my life's work teaching others how to achieve more.
But in 2010, I got a lesson of my own about RNA drops. I learned that there are millions
of gene switches latent in every single cell of my body that are waiting for an activator.
I learned by taking RNA drops, I can begin to activate that power in my cells and achieve
the more that I desire. I'd like to share what I discovered with you and send you a
free 30-day supply of RNA drops valued at $50 for just the cost of shipping and handling.
Go to RNAfreesample.com, that's RNAfreesample.com, or call me toll-free at 888-577-3703, that's
888-577-3703, RNAfreesample.com. Discover the more that's waiting for you.
Fall in love with food storage savings this February at BePrepared.com. Going on now,
BePrepared.com saves you over $300 with a premium 1,600 one-year supply, including 126
tons of freeze-dried and dehydrated food. Or get the new gourmet 14-day food supply
with a full 2,000 calories per day with pre-planned menu. Stroganoff and noodles are 20% off with
purchase of six or more. Mountain House pork chops are back in stock at 34% off. Pack your
own low-moisture foods with our new do-it-yourself super pale combo on sale at 22% off. Add to
your preparedness with minor surgery kits at 15% off. And wool-blended blankets are
only $11.89. The February fall in love with savings sale ends February 28th at BePrepared.com.
For contents and details, visit BePrepared.com or call 800-999-1863. The choice is clear.
Be unprepared or BePrepared.com. Alex Youngs are back live. Thanks for joining us. Save
the ice coming up the next hour. How about the nature of reality? The mass shootings,
the New World Order where he thinks it's all going. By the way, they've got motorcycle
riders with the Patriot Guard or whatever they're called wrecking.
You've got other accidents with I-35 shut down for Chris Kyle. Maybe they should permanently
shut down I-35 just to respect him. I mean, just put pylons out there, shut it down. Maybe
everyone on earth should commit suicide as a sign of respect cuz it's government. And
again, it's all about this drama queen society.
It's bigger and crazier and wilder. And now the police won't come out on the street in
LA shaking in fear. And it's just government is going completely insane. While they treat
the troops the worst they've ever treated them in modern history. Amazing. I wanna go
back to your phone calls here. We were talking to Tyler in Oklahoma. I don't know how old
he is, but he sounds young.
But he's saying in public school, this is what I experienced 20 something years ago.
Was the school nurse in between telling me how handsome I was going, don't you wanna
go on these types of drugs? It's like speed, don't you like drugs? And I said, no, I work
out two hours a day. Do I look like I do drugs? And she was there part of the school just
pushing people going there with a cold.
She go, hey, here's the doctor's card. You wanna go on drugs? I take it. Gets you really
high speed. And I would just sit there and watch this as I was in the office, running
notes and stuff, coming back watching. And that's just what America is. So yes, the New
Freedom Initiative, there's a big British study just came out two days ago, one on Sunday.
I saw Paul Watson covering on the nightly news last night, it was in the London Guardian.
Where they're pushing drugs on little kids when nothing's even wrong with them, as if
the drugs help you anyways. And it's the same thing here, the New Freedom Initiative.
That's how crazy it is. The whole Prozac class, the whole speed class, absolutely screwing
them up. And are we gonna have a funeral procession for the kids that have heart attacks on Adderall
and Ritalin and stuff, which they do?
No, you see government and the media decides when something's important. They decide when
something needs to be seen, they decide, they decide. And it's about the control of reality
while they steal the death benefits of the tribes, while the IRS takes their houses.
Every day I see articles where they're taking veterans' houses, and while they're ruining
their lives, and while they're doing all this, and while they fight for the New World Order.
Hey, we're having a big procession. And then shutting down public places, a giant cemetery,
a big, huge public cemetery where people are publicly buried. Because well, a god is being
buried.
And people just lining the streets everywhere to see the hero. And again, if you ask them
to lie on the street to see some guy dying of DU poisoning, no, I don't wanna hear about
that. They just come out because now it's okay to be patriotic. Now we say it's okay.
Go ahead and finish your point about public school, Tyler. What were you witnessing?
Man, whenever I was in school, the nurses, the number one solution, if a kid were hyperactive,
number one solution, put them on Ritalin. And if Ritalin didn't work, if Ritalin didn't
calm them down enough, they were, or Adderall, they had Ritalin. And Ritalin, anybody who's
ever been on it knows that you have to do blood tests and everything like that to make
sure-
Yeah, no, no, no. CPS workers just say your child is mentally ill, cuz they're crying
for mommy. We're gonna put you on anti-psychotic, so you drool in the corner. When the two-year-old
cries cuz they've been taken from mommy for no reason, they put them on drugs where their
teeth fall out.
I mean, I've shown photos of kids that have been in foster care one month, their teeth
fall out. I mean, there's zombies out of, and it's like, so what? We got a parade to
go to, man. The Founding Fathers is on, demonizing gun owners, that's patriotic to get those
gun owners. Totally sick. All right, Jim, and DC, and others, your calls are coming
up, and then David Icke joins us.
This is GCN, the Genesis Communications Radio Network.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal-Bent
Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth-friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com, or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one- to two-month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice
as good as what you're using now, or save big with a one- to two-year supply of soaps
for all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars, and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com,
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Big Brother. Mainstream media. Government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
All right, I'm going to take a few more calls right now on this Tuesday edition, and then
David Ochs joining us for the balance of the hour. More and more major scientific institutions
are coming out and saying the universe appears to be artificially created, and that there's
some type of unseen force ordering it all, what they call a computer simulation. Obviously,
it's far beyond that.
Cosmic rays offer clue our universe could be a computer simulation. Wired magazine.
That's all coming up with David Ochs. He's been saying that for, I don't know, about
22 years. Very interesting. We'll also get his take on the mass shootings, the whole
New World Order action, and where all that's going, the latest on Jimmy Savelle. We're
going to move quick with David Ochs coming up.
All right, now let's go to Jim in California. Incident in a gun range he wants to talk about.
Go ahead, sir.
Hey, Alex. How's it going? This is Jim. Yeah, me and my buddy, we shoot at this gun range
out here in San Mateo, California. And I've shot there many times. And recently we won.
I took a bolt action 308 and a 22 AR-15. My buddy brought his AR-15. And we've never had
an incident in the past. No questions asked. What are you shooting? I got this or I got
that. No problem. Here's your tag. Go out to your lane. And this time, when we went
out there, the guy, his eyes kind of bugged out. And he said, well, what are you shooting
a 308 and an AR-15 and a 22 caliber AR-15? Well, he called another range guy over there.
We've got to inspect. And I said, inspect for what? He said, well, we've got to make
sure you've got a bullet button and no high cap mags. And I said, well, of course we don't
have that. He said, this is California. Everything's legal here. We still have to check. It's the
new rule. And so anyways, long story short, the whole time there, these guys are pecking
around us, just kind of like we're criminals. They're just walking around. And my little
22, he doesn't have a hold open catch. So unless you have the magazine in it, of course
they wouldn't allow me to keep the magazine in to have the bolt back.
No, no, what's happening is they're telling gun shops and gun ranges, demonize the second
amendment, do what we say outside of law. They're telling gun shops, don't sell semi-auto
even where it's legal and just getting them to comply. That's the admitted plan that the
establishment has put out. So how did it end? Well, you know, finally I told the guy, I
said, hey, listen, I said, you saw me, you saw me make the rifle clear. I said, the other
guy did.
I said, it's up on the rack. I haven't even touched it yet. I'm shooting my bolt action.
You know, I said, you want me to put it away or something? I mean, what is, I mean, you
know, you're walking around us. I'm trying to shoot here. I'm trying to spot my, you
know, side of my scope. I said, oh no, no problem. But you know, the whole time there's
a lot of pressure and I noticed a lot of people weren't shooting any semi-autos, which is
strange.
So no, see, it's mental illness. That's why they're creating a psychological obsession
with black guns and with AR-15s. And a lot of people are scared. They don't want to lose
their business. And that's why they're going to lose everything. They're going to keep
complying, complying, complying until it's all shut down.
And then you can go twice a year where your guns are held in lockers, where police, you
have to pay thousands of dollars a month to be able to do it, watch you shoot, henpeck
you the whole time and your guns are kept there. And they've already proposed it and
they will do it. Listen, this is a nation of worshipping government now. It was a nation
of hating government and loving liberty. Now it's a nation of worshipping government. It's
not patriotism when people go out to a military parade on average in gravel.
It is about worshipping the fraud, the lie, the, so how did this end?
Well, they eventually kind of left me alone, but I noticed that there wasn't anybody else
shooting any ARs out there. Of course, I haven't been out there in a while. So maybe these
guys caught on early on and figured they didn't want to be harassed either. So they just brought
their pulse actions out there. But I encourage people in the area, you know, bring your ARs
out there, shoot, you know, don't let these people hold it back.
Absolutely. That's why it's so beautiful when people open carry because they want to act
like guns are already illegal. And the fact that we've been on the offense carrying guns
openly is really freaking them out. It's a battle. They can get the guns, they can get
them all.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system,
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping
or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new
do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to getsimplisafe.com
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power. So even if the grid
goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed. Getsimplisafe.com SimpliSafe is also ridiculously
easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes. So there's no need to let a stranger into
your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever
you go. You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
Looking back on 2012, I know personally I'm thanking God that my family and I made it
through the year from natural disasters like Hurricane Sandy and the devastating summer
drought to the family hardships brought on by a disastrous economy. Our hearts go out
to those that have lost everything. My friends at eFoods Direct hear from customers every
day that are fortunate to weather life's storm by having a supply of food on hand. Danny
from New York City wrote in following Hurricane Sandy and said, Almost all the grocery stores
are closed, but I managed to get my eFoods just in time to be able to help my sister
and my niece. Bottom line, it's better to be prepared 10 years too early than one day
too late. Heed common sense's warning and do what I've done. Call 800-409-5633 today
or go to eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex. They have the best tasting long term storable
food on the planet. Call 800-409-5633 and ask about the Alex Jones special or go to
eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex. Get self-sufficient today. Call 800-409-5633 or eFoodsDirect.com
forward slash Alex. Alex Jones here with a very important announcement for truth seekers.
We've carried a lot of amazing films and books over the years on the online video bookstore
at info wars dot com. And out of all the titles we've carried, one stands out because it is
just so chillingly convincing. And that's dreams from my real father by Joel Gilbert
available at info wars dot com. This film exposes the fraud that Obama is like nothing
I've seen. If you want to know who Obama's real daddy is, this is the film for you. Don't
forget your purchase supports our broadcast and our growing media network. You'll also
find it info war shop dot com none dare call a conspiracy by Gary Allen. The book that
woke me up. We're also carrying behind the green mask you in agenda 21 by Rosa Corey.
This book is coffin nails to the globalist takeover. The greater good, the most professional
and up to date film I've ever seen exposing the scourge that is vaccines. These titles
and a lot more are all available at info war shop dot com. Big Brother mainstream media
government cover ups. You want answers? Well, so does he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN radio
network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones. Ladies and gentlemen, we are back
live. Thank you so much for joining us on this Tuesday, the 12th day of February 2013
transmission.
And for the balance of this hour, we're going to have a former Green Party head, former
BBC newscaster, sportscaster, former champion goalie, and best selling author David Ike
on with us. And we're gonna get into the mass shootings and his take on that. The government
openly using Al-Qaeda to attack Libya and Syria where that's going.
What he makes of the pope announcing he's gonna step down, those internal battles going
on there. The latest on the Jimmy Savelle story tied in the British royal family and
reports of pedophilia, aka like Penn State. All of that is going to be coming up with
our guest today to get his take on things. But if you punch this up for TV viewers, radio
listeners can just go to infoawars.com, and we have all this linked.
Wired magazine cosmic rays offer clue to our universe could be a computer simulation and
recent measurements of cosmic ray particles are correct. Then we may have the first evidence
of the universe as we know it is really a giant computer simulation. Humans have explored
the laws of our universe for many years.
And it's not uncommon to hear people talk about how amazing it is that certain fundamental
values are just right for life to exist. Some people have wondered if that's because the
whole universe is actually some kind of sandbox simulation. We're merely characters in some
cosmic game of Sims. If that's true, then there should be a point at which we can bump
up against the edges of the simulator like Jim Carrey's character escaping from the Truman
show.
And now a team of physicists think that a particular measurement of some cosmic ray
particles might be the first such indication of those edges. The idea that we might be
living in an artificial reality constructed by something higher than ourselves has been
a recurring philosophical hypothesis for centuries, Plato's allegory of the cave. And it just
goes on breaking down the other people theorizing on a brain vat.
These are all variants, the matrix and the red pill. Well, now German scientists have
done a big in-depth study. We're gonna be giving you more details of and breaking down
and are finding this. But other scientists are actually finding it when they look at
black holes, when they observe things, when they have a computer observe something.
It doesn't change the equation when a human starts observing it. It changes what's happening
with the matter. And I've got some of those studies, I'll show a document cam here for
viewers. Again, if you're a radio listener, just go to info-wash-news.com to watch or
present planet.tv, we'll get you there.
We are living inside a computer simulation. Again, that's the headline out of discovery.
How to tell whether we're living in a computer simulation, that's out of slate. Do we live
in a computer simulation, washington.edu? UW researchers say the idea can be tested.
And it just goes on from there with the researchers at the University of Washington conferring
with the university in Bonn, Germany. We got John Rappaport at info-wash.com. Are we all
living inside a virtual simulation? We are all artists made in the image of the creator,
the great artist.
And again, I personally think this adds to spiritual understanding, doesn't take away
from it. The atheist say that the only thing that exists is what they can see in their
narrow two slash three dimensional system. Even though the science all shows higher dimensions,
the mathematics, the equations of top people, of course, throughout the last 100 years,
the mechanics physicists like Einstein and others.
So many of them who were a theist look at the research, look at the evidence, the geneticist
and say something made this and believe in a higher power. Now again, when the scientists
say it looks like a computer simulation, there's a lattice holding it together, conforming
it artificially, that doesn't mean there isn't a God or a master creator. That adds to that.
Okay, some people are saying, you're trying to tear down religion. Well, religion is,
the way it's set up, as Christ said, are these establishment systems, the Pharisees, others
trying to put themselves up as God and you've got to go through them instead of getting
directly to God.
And this is not a religious show. My point is, we know there's a much wider universe
going on and universes stacked on top of universes and 600 plus billion galaxies photographed
by Hubble alone, which is the equivalent of a toy telescope with what we're going to have
soon, is limitless.
But we can interface with it. We can imagine it. What we imagine, we've proven we can end
up building. And it shows that we are made in the image of the creator. We are creators
and the system does everything it can to limit that. And that's what David Eich's been saying
for 20 plus years. He said the universe is a computer projection hologram.
He's written it in more than 10 books. I've read many of them. And they're using the same
terms David is now using. Obviously, they're telling us about this now. They've known for
a long time. But David, I wanted to get you on because this just adds more credence to
what you've been saying.
You've heard my introduction to this. And we're gonna break more of the actuals, not
just this German university, but others confirming this and what this really means. David Eich,
thank you for joining us.
Hello, Alex. Yeah, it's quite surreal for me, actually, in the last six months or so,
to look at all the things that I've been ridiculed for, dismissed for, including by the much
of the alternative media. Yeah, David Eich's a crazy madman and he's a diversion and he's
just pushing people away in the wrong direction. He's a disinformer and all that stuff. And
now it's beginning to come out because, and I hope that this is something that people
will remember when they're worried about what people think of them, and whether they should
speak their truth, knowing they're going to get laughed at or dismissed, or whether they
should keep their head down and just be good little slaves and good little conformers.
But if you keep speaking your truth, if it has any validity, it will eventually be shown
to be so. And I would start like this, Alex, what we've got to appreciate, to understand
the conspiracy because this is where the conspiracy is coming from. The people at the core of
the core of the core, they understand this and therefore they want to keep this awareness
of the reality that we're actually experiencing from the global population. Because if we
don't know and they do, they are in a fantastic position of manipulating our perception. And
that's what it is. Whether it's setting up fake crazy people going with guns to take
away and disarm Americans, what is that? That is a manipulation of perception of the population.
Which are dangerous and all that stuff. To hide the real reality, which is just a scam
to disarm America. So all these bloody people in uniform with fantastic levels of military
hardware and weaponry now and what we call policemen, laughingly, around America, can
then take over the population without any problem whatsoever. It's all about perception,
but there is this massive, it's multi-layered, but there is this massive manipulation of
perception which is reality itself. And I think what we need to first of all start at
is what is the universe as we perceive it? It is information. The universe is information
and decoding information. And if you take the analogy of a computer, when you put information
into a computer in the way of a disk or data stick, what you're putting in there are not
pictures and graphics and texts coming up on the screen. They're not on that information
source. In that form, they are codes, they are mathematics and electrical pulses. The
computer then decodes that into the form that we see on the screen, which is all the things
that we call the internet and computers. We are doing the same through a holographic biological
computer of enormous advancement that we call the human body. And we are picking up information
sources in the form of vibrational information, waveform information, which is then turned
by the five senses into electrical information, which is communicated to the brain. And from
that information, the brain constructs the reality that we think we're experiencing outside
of us, but it's actually inside of us in the sense that I'm describing. Now, say you had
and I'm suggesting very strongly Alex that this is the situation we face. Say you had
a reality where the information source is giving you a certain information from which
you are decoding a reality. And it's a reality that is fantastically different to this one.
It's about love. It's about the expansion of awareness, knowing that we are infinite
consciousness having an experience. We are not the experience itself. We are not our
name. We are not our job. We're not our life story. That is the experience. We are the
consciousness having that.
The system doesn't want that. It's like Bill Hicks said, hey, the guys that say this is
all just a ride, we kill those people. Yeah, exactly. That's exactly why they do that.
This is why so-called visionaries have always been dangerous to the prevailing order no
matter what point in what we call history you look at. But say this happened and I'm
suggesting it has happened. If you have a computer system and it's giving you a certain
reality on the screen, there are people, we know this now, it's a fundamental part of
life who can hack in to that computer and give it a fake information source, which the
computer then decodes and therefore creates a very different reality on the screen because
the information that you should normally be decoding into that reality has been hacked
there. We got to go to break. We're gonna come right back with this and we'll get to
the latest news and developments. David Icke's our guest. I'm Alex Jones. His site's davidicke.com.
Our sites are prisonplanet.tv and infowars.com.
Hello, I'm Alex Jones. Myself, my family, the infowars.com team want to relay to you
and your families that we are intensifying our efforts against the globalist on every
front. Infowars.com is leading the fight against the technocrats. But we can't do that without
your help. By getting the films, bumper stickers and T-shirts at infowars.com, you will wake
up people in your area and support our operation as we move to the next level. We need your
help to spread the word like never before. They wish to hide themselves during this tectonic
battle between the forces of freedom and darkness. You are the response to the globalist technocrats
and their program of global eugenics dehumanization and ultimate extermination. The war is here.
It's an info war. The spirit of 1776 versus the mindset of 1984. Social unrest, food shortages,
political turmoil, EMPs, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, fires, riots, flooding. It's not
a matter of it, but when? What if it happened right now? Would you have the supplies to
survive off the grid? Offthegrid.com is the place to go for the widest selection of survival
supplies at rock bottom prices. Head over to offthegrid.com for survival kits, first
aid supplies, dry food, water filters and purifiers, gas masks, solar and crank radios,
solar generators, ammo, knives, stun guns, pepper sprays, packs and bags, fire starters,
a library of books and a whole lot more. Get free same day shipping on all orders over
$75. Enter promo code radio at checkout and receive an additional 5% discount off our
already lowest in the industry prices. Offthegrid.com, proud to stand shoulder to shoulder with you
as we protect our Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic.
Stop the pain from broken, chipped and damaged nails and eliminate toenail fungus with a
revolutionary new nail hardener, Nails of Steel. Just apply one drop of Nails of Steel
over natural or polished nails and go. With Nails of Steel, there's virtually no drying
time and it's guaranteed. Try this all natural antifungal and herbal formula for women and
men. Call 816-896-8307 or get free shipping at NailsofSteel.com. NailsofSteel.com. It's
like a salon in a bottle. We the people grow cotton, we fabric, engrave ink, embed strips
and fibers to protect from counterfeit, then carting to a private bank, having it led back
at interest, forcing taxes to service debt. This capitalism or was Jefferson correct when
stating a central bank issuing the public currency is a greater menace to the liberties
of the people than a standing army? Hi, Ted Anderson. I'm placing a silver dollar in a
book explains our monetary system. Call for your copy, 800-686-2237. It's time to understand
the system. Call 800-686-2237. That's 800-686-2237.
It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus can inflict severe
damage in the human body. Fortunately, a new and vastly improved silver solution has been
developed. Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary broad spectrum antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal
solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin. Supernatural Silver
is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers. Using a patented technology that
is highly effective against coals, flus, infections, food poisoning and yeast. In addition to many
other pathogens, Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe and is the number
one choice of thousands of people for immune system support. Find out how Supernatural
Silver could change your life. Go to SupernaturalSilver.com and use the promo code healthy for 20% off.
Visit SupernaturalSilver.com and like us on Facebook.
The matrix is everywhere. It is all around us. Even now in this very room, you can see
it when you look out your window or when you turn on your television. You can feel it when
you go to work, when you go to church, when you pay your tax. It is the world that has
been pulled over your eyes to blind you from the truth. That you are a slave. Like everyone
else, you were born into bondage. Born into a prison that you cannot smell or taste or
touch. A prison for your mind. The Alex Jones Show, because there is a war
on for your mind. Alright, this is a short segment, long segment
coming up. We'll get into other issues and news with David Icke. But David, going back
20 years ago, because I remember, I remember first reading one of your books about 17 years
ago when I first got on air and my cousin had read it a year before. So it was whatever
book you'd written 18 years ago. I forget the names and I'm like, this is far out. This
is crazy. And my cousin's like, no, no, this is really interesting. This guy's really interesting.
So I read it and found it to be interesting. I forget which book that is. Maybe you can
remind me, but you were talking about a three dimensional, the universe being a hologram
projected, projected by what? Again, this isn't even attacking Christianity or religion
from my perspective. This reaffirms my faith. Because I mean, this is a giant universe,
hundreds of millions of galaxies. And there is this force they're finding in genetics,
in the wave theory, in everything that's making the scientists realize this is designed.
And now we realize that the establishment knows this. They're trying to keep us from
learning that we've been hacked. And they are trying to force the red carpet, the glitz,
the glam, the fake culture in on us.
They're trying to destroy the family, destroy the individual, destroy the nation state.
What are they trying to build? Because they see us as viruses. David, you've laid out
your theory, probably, let's not exaggerate, 40, 50 times on my show, graciously, over
the last, I don't know, 12 years or so we've been talking to each other. Folks know what
you've said, they know what the scientists are saying, and more and more major universities
that have these supercomputers, and these devices that can measure, you know, literally
the ether that the ancients talked about.
What is it then? What are they trying to build? What do the controllers want? What are they
trying to block us from? Realizing there's a whole universe and they're not God? I mean,
what is it?
Well, the thing is, Alex, that the next step on from what they're discovering is what exactly
are they discovering? Is it the universe as we perceive it, or is it the hack? And I would
strongly suggest that what science has been poking around at and trying to understand
and going down cul-de-sacs galore because it won't go where the real information is
because the whole foundation of its mainstream science-
The universe is the hack. That's what I was saying to the guys the other day, that what
they're seeing is the hack.
Well, what they are identifying is, yes, the hack. And what they're going to find is that
the speed of light is not only not the fastest speed in existence, it's pedestrian compared
with what is possible. And that the speed of light is the wall of the hack. And, you
know, this is so important if we're going to get anywhere, we're putting this world
is actually wouldn't it be nice if we started to understand what the world is? That would
give us a chance, wouldn't it? Let me just put this to you. We are receiving, according
to mainstream science, about 11 million pieces of what they call impressions, light impressions,
information, in other words, or bodies of information, to the eye, 11 million every
second. The brain takes 40 of those to construct the reality we think we're experiencing. We
can only decode through the body in what we call the physical world, a unbelievable fraction
of what exists, even within the electromagnetic spectrum, this tiny frequency range called
visible lights, all we can see. And outside of that, you've got the x ray level and the
infrared level and all the others. We can't see those. That's how tiny this, this this
free now they've proven the dark matter. It's gone from theory to prove and now they're
learning that 97% of everything is dark matter. What is it? Well, they call they call it dark
matter. I just call it the invisible and the visible to the conscious mind and the visible
is it's laughable. It is so tiny. It is laughable. That is the hack and the electromagnetic spectrum
and within everything within the speed of light, I suggest is the hack and what all
they're doing is that scene from the matrix you played before we came back. It's all around
Neil, even in a Neo, even in this very room, that is the information source. It's everywhere.
It's like the wireless internet. If you're in a room, I'll tell you what, we got a break.
Long segment coming up. Wow. David Icah here with us talking about the nature of reality.
Is it all a hack? Stay with us. We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones
and the GCN radio network. Introducing pro wine. All of your filtration in one system,
portable on the go. No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic
acid advanced manufacturing technology combined silver impregnated white ceramic with new
aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one
filter element. It is the only one that does it and out of the gates. We have a discounted
at 10% off with promo code water. This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce
or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid,
the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium
hexafluorosilicate. Get your pro pure with a new pro one filters today at info war store
dot com or by calling 888-253-3139. It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria,
viruses, moles and fungus can inflict severe damage in the human body. Fortunately, a new
and vastly improved silver solution has been developed. Supernatural silver is a revolutionary
broad spectrum antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal solution that can be used inside the body
as well as on the skin. Supernatural silver is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic
silvers using a patented technology that is highly effective against colds, flus, infections,
food poisoning and yeast in addition to many other pathogens. Supernatural silver is scientifically
supported, extremely safe and is the number one choice of thousands of people for immune
system support. Find out how supernatural silver could change your life. Go to supernatural
silver dot com and use the promo code healthy for 20% off. That's supernatural silver dot
com and like us on Facebook. If you want an American company with American products made
by Americans, here is the Cal Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap
products for years. These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable
and coconut oils that are earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy
soaps that are twice as good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year
supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands
of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at
5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
I like to share a revelation that I've had during my time here. It came to me when I
tried to classify your species and I realized that you're not actually mammals. Every mammal
on this planet instinctively develops a natural equilibrium with the surrounding environment
but you humans do not. You move to an area and you multiply and multiply until every
natural resource is consumed. The only way you can survive is to spread to another area.
There is another organism on this planet that follows the same pattern. Do you know what
it is? A virus. Human beings are a disease. A cancer of this planet. You are a plague.
We are the cure. Resistance to tyrants is obedience to God.
This is Alex Jones.
Okay David Icke is our guest. He got cut off there by that short segment. He wants to finish
up with his take on what science is going to do as they bump up against what he's saying
is the hack, not actually the real reality. Pretty heavy stuff but look, I find it's healthy
to do. Just to get your mind outside the box, we know the culture's hacked. We know they
want us in an artificial reality.
They're trying to force us into an even deeper one with the virtual realities and the virtual
video games and people aren't living in the real world and in denial and ten hours of
TV or video games a day and all the drugs and the chemicals and the food and water.
The establishment wants to dumb us down and David, humor me because I want your take on
this. I want you to answer a question and then get back into the nature of reality.
They don't want to get your take on the mass shootings in general. Some brief answers about
where things are going and then also the Pope stepping down. That hasn't happened in 600
years. What your take is on that, we'll discover that with David Icke of davidicke.com. If you
just joined us, I'm Alex Jones of infowars.com. Best-selling author, researcher, trailblazer.
You can't deny so much of what he said has come true, unfortunately. I wish it wasn't
the case. David Icke joining us now, people can't deny. A lot of what we've talked about
has come true. I wish I was wrong, but reality is much more wild than what we can even perceive.
I think that's the bottom line here. But you just heard that clip from The Matrix, I think
the second one where Agent Smith is saying humanity is a disease. Do the global controllers
want more of us or are they really going to try to go to robots because they'll follow
orders. But the establishment loves to feed on humans like a predator class. They call
themselves another species in all of their literature, the psychopath class. Will they
actually get rid of this? What is their in-game goal if they had their way, David, and then
get back into the nature of reality and then those other subjects?
Well I think in terms of numbers, from a control point of view, humanity is out of control
in terms of numbers and they want to bring the numbers down dramatically. This is basically,
I suggest, what has happened after a quarter of a century of researching this in 50 odd
countries. The hack is basically a bad copy of the reality we should be experiencing and
would be experiencing without the hack. If you look in the ancient world, all over the
ancient world and the Garden of Eden and all that stuff is all symbolically part of this
whole story. And the themes are that the human form was genetically manipulated. I suggest
it was genetically manipulated to tune us into the hack. If you've got a radio on a
certain station, it's getting a certain reality by decoding the frequency of that station
and then you hack into that station and you change the reality of the experience of the
reality and to do that you have to get to the station dial onto your new hacked frequency
that you're imposing. That's basically what's happened.
So the process once that was done of a copy that at the time wasn't a million miles different
from the reality it was a copy of, though it was a bad copy of it. It's literally like
downloading a copy of something on a computer. I mean, we're not talking computers on a desktop,
we're talking unbelievable levels of possibility and awareness to do that. But then over this
period since this hack was kicked in, they have been slowly, slowly now at a very fast
rate changing and changing and changing the hack into an even more extreme version, which
is closer and closer to what they are, they being the entities that have done it. And
they are incredibly robotic. This is what Christianity calls the demons. It's what Islam
calls the jinn. It's what the ancient Gnostics called the Archons, the different names for
all over the world in different cultures. Same theme, same force we're talking about.
Very robotic, it's very computer like, and it has no emotion. Now, what I'm describing
here are the bloodlines that are being identified in the hack, the Rockefeller's, the Rothschild's,
the royal families and all these people. They are representatives, they are if you like
the ancient Smiths of these hack creators within the hack to manipulate on their behalf,
their middle men and women manipulating within the hack. And the idea is to move us and the
hack closer and closer and closer to what they are, computer like robots and transhumanism,
which is to introduce more and more technology in the body. So we're part robot, part human
is all part of this story, because it's making us more and more and more like they are. They
do not have what I call creative imagination. Humans have it, they do not have it for reasons
I talk about at length in my books. And thus, they have they are feeding and manipulating
creativity to create our own prison. They are parasites. Thus, what is the banking system,
which is their banking system? It's parasitic. What is the corporation network, which is
their corporation network? Parasitic. What are the royal families? Parasitic. What are
the governments? Parasitic. And they're all expressions of this force, because these agents
Smiths, if you like, have taken over government, they've taken over corporations, in fact,
they created them, they've taken over the medical system, which is why alternative sources
of health are suppressed and practitioners targeted. This is why they're filling us with
vaccines and rubbish and chemical toxins in the food and in the drink and in the water.
It's all connected. It's suppressing human potential down to them because if you are
one eyed, and you want to control two eyed, you have got to make the two eyed blind. And
that is what is going on multi level constantly 24 seven to make humans blind. So in that
in the land of the blind, the one eyed man, these, the this force is, is king. And Alex
on your show every day, you are presenting stories of the multi level expressions of
what I've just talked about, dumbing down, dumbing down, dubbing down education, dumbing
down. Why? Because they do not want a clear thinking, sharp, open minded expanded awareness
that is gonna see the game for what it is. And I have to say this too. I mean, this might
upset a few people. I really don't care. I'm not here to win a popularity contest. I want
humanity to be free. At last, at last, 11 million pieces of information received through
to the brain. Every second we process 40 infinite reality, we see a tiny, tiny, tiny frequency
range called visible light that's almost non existent. Don't anyone tell me that you are
gonna get the lowdown on yourself, your reality, your world and what's going into it in on
it inside it from one book, whether it's the Bible, whether it's the Quran, whether it's
what any other religion follows, it's not going to happen. You're not going to get it
by understanding or following republicanism or, or the Democrats, you're not going to
get it from your cultural beliefs, from your academic beliefs, from your racial beliefs.
These are all divide and rule mechanisms within the hack to keep the target population at
war with itself and in mind prisons that it will not leave. Because if I take this information
as being possible, it's not what's in the book. It's not what's in my belief system.
And this is the key. Belief systems are the currency of control. Absolutely the bottom
line if they can get people to believe something rigidly and immovably, they put them in a
box and they're not coming out until they decide to look at the world dispassionately
and take information on the basis of its credibility and not on the basis of whether it fits in
with a belief system. This is why they don't care if you're a rigid believer in this religion
or that religion or this politics or that politics or you're an atheist. They don't
care as long as you've got a rigid belief, they have got you. And I tell you, we are
at a point now, people of the world where we have got to open our minds to see what's
going on. Because if we don't, there are no answers. There are no answers to the hack
within the hack. There are answers to the hack when we expand our awareness to go beyond
it in terms of our perception of reality.
David Icke is our guest, filmmaker, bestselling author, researcher, former BBC News presenter,
sports champion goalie. If you just joined us again, I'm Alex Jones, your host. David,
time always flies when you're here with us. Let me just calmly lay this out and then get
your take on this and then shift into other subjects. Cuz I know you've been up since
5 AM and you're writing your new book and you've gotta leave soon or I'll keep you in
the next hour.
Maybe we'll twist your arm to do that. But the point is, I've read what Ray Kurzweil
said, I've read what the other transhumanists have said. I know the whole history of them,
how they come out of the end of eugenics in the early 50s out of the eugenics society.
Aldous Huxley's brother Julian Huxley starts the transhumanist movement. They're not saying
humans are gonna merge with computers by itself.
They're saying we've taken control of human evolution, to use their words, whether people
believe in that or not. We've taken control and we're going to empower you, but we're
gonna squash everybody else like bugs. You will accept this or die and you'll be like
a bug as soon as we get this brain boost.
But then I see every piece of tech they roll out is designed to dehumanize, not to empower.
So I'm not against the technology, the fact it's all infected, it's all deformed. It's
all designed to poison and limit from the smart meters to the phones to all of it. We
can obviously hack the matrix back ourselves and use that to reach people in the matrix
to use the movie analogy.
But people need to understand if they haven't read the writings of all the top transhumanist,
they're selling the new liberation through this. But saying all the rest of us will be
animals who are exterminated because we won't, we'll be like bugs. This is Hitlerian rolled
out with these big conferences with top military, top Hollywood.
William Shatner, who I don't think is a bad guy, goes to it. And they have these big Kurzweil
events where they're gonna be gods and we won't even count and we're going to accept
it or we won't even be able to communicate. When meanwhile, it's all done when you read
deeper to actually destroy us and enslave us.
I mean, this is beyond science fiction, what the technocratic elite, and I've studied them.
If you go back to the 1850s with Galton and Wedgwood and the Huxleys all intermarrying
with the British royalty, they all envisioned, we're gonna have the genetics, we're gonna
discover that, the biometrics, the control grid.
They chart 165 years ago, about 1850 or so, everything that would then unfold in books
I own, that is not human. I mean, talk about demons, whatever. They are channeling and
building something so dark, it staggers the mind. And so I want listeners to know, as
wild as what David Icke is saying, these people believe it and talk about it, and they believe
they're gonna be the new gods of the future, and they want to shutter our consciousness.
Alex, you used a term there which really sums up the game, dehumanize. I was just saying
a few minutes ago, the idea is to turn us into computer-like, robot-like, emotionless
expressions of them. And to do that, they must dehumanize us. And there are certain
key words that can be, just a few key words that can be used to describe this force that
I'm talking about. One, it's a parasite. That's why everything it does is parasiting. The
tax system and all these fines and all these new regulations and stuff that they're bringing
in, that is just increasing the parasitical nature of the society and those that are controlling
society. Another key word is deceit. That goes without saying. And another one is distort,
distortion. Everything is about distorting reality. Why? Because what they're doing is
distorting the original reality and distorting it to become closer to their reality.
That's why the propaganda doesn't make any sense because the elite, so-called elite,
are insane and ugly in their souls and their spirits. And that's why they're turning up
the taxes and regulations in their own words to wreck us and to bankrupt us, to drive us
into their arms so we can now be under their control.
Exactly, that's exactly what they're doing. And this is, I've been talking about this
in my books for a very long time. All this financial crash, if people are gonna sit around
waiting for the upturn, well, I should get some food in cuz you got a long wait cuz the
idea is not to upturn it.
The idea now is to drive it on and on and on. So the humans are driven economically
into the ground. I mean, look around the world, look around America, what's happening? My
goodness.
And you said that in 2008, you said we're not coming out of this until we defeat them.
This is the long, dark winter. This is the shutdown while they give us false hope and
pose as saviors.
Yeah, we see this is another thing. Go on, we talk forever. Another one of the great
techniques is buying time. Look at the Palestinians in Israel, all these roadmaps and talks about
talks and all that stuff, load of rubbish. The Israelis don't want any of that to come
to fruition. They're buying time to complete the genocide. And so they'll buy time. No,
the upturn's coming. Oh, it's just around the corner. No key, no need to do anything.
We've got it sorted. And it's just buying time to allow it to get worse. And when you
talk about-
But even that's a divide and conquer as well, with the globalists are playing both sides
of that.
They have to divide and rule 7 billion when there's a handful of them in full knowledge
of what they're doing. That's the key. This is why I say, I don't care what your religion
is or no religion. I don't care what your belief system is. Let's just put it aside
and come together because we're all in this together. And let's, if you want to argue
about the belief systems, let's argue in the concentration camp, shall we? That'd be a
good time. We'll have plenty of time. Well, not too long, but we'll have enough time to
see if your belief system's better than mine. Come on, people. It's time to grow up because
they want us to be children in the worst sense of-
Look at how they're hyping black on white, white on black racism all in the media. I
mean, they are desperately hitting the divide and conquer button like I've never seen.
Yes, exactly. Because they're pushing on now to complete the job. And one of the reasons
that they're pushing it on as fast as they can in an almost panic stricken way is they're
trying to lock down everything before the human race, which it is doing, though my goodness
not quick enough for me, before the human race wakes up to the point-
And throws the fleas off. Stay there, David Icke.
Looking back on 2012, I know personally I'm thanking God that my family and I made it
through the year from natural disasters like Hurricane Sandy and the devastating summer
drought to the family hardships brought on by a disastrous economy. Our hearts go out
to those that have lost everything. My friends at eFoods Direct hear from customers every
day that are fortunate to weather life's storm by having a supply of food on hand. Danny
from New York City wrote in following Hurricane Sandy and said, almost all the grocery stores
are closed, but I managed to get my eFoods just in time to be able to help my sister
and my niece. Bottom line, it's better to be prepared 10 years too early than one day
too late. Heed Common Sense's warning and do what I've done. Call 800-409-5633 today
or go to eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex. They have the best tasting long-term storable
food on the planet. Call 800-409-5633 and ask about the Alex Jones special or go to
eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex. Get self-sufficient today. Call 800-409-5633 or eFoodsDirect.com
forward slash Alex.
We all know that Berkey Water Purification Systems are the most trusted name in water
filtration. As an authorized Berkey dealer for over six years and serving thousands of
satisfied customers, the Berkey Guy offers amazing specials for Berkey Water Filtration
Systems. The Berkey Light Systems include a set of self-sterilizing and re-cleanable
black purification elements that purify water by removing chlorine, pathogenic bacteria,
cysts and parasites to non-detectable levels and remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides
and pesticides. Order the Berkey Light System today complete with two black Berkey elements
for only $231 and the Berkey Guy will ship your order free of charge. With the purchase
of a Berkey Light, the Berkey Guy is also offering a set of fluoride and arsenic filters
for only $39.99. That's over 30% off the retail price. Call the Berkey Guy at 1-877-886-3653.
That's 1-877-886-3653 or order online at GoBerkey.com. That's GoBerkey.com today.
Hey there, Frank Bates here. Have you heard about the weird device that could wipe out
280 million Americans? This is really scary stuff. Defense experts warn that this odd
device poses the gravest threat we've ever known. In fact, just a few weeks ago, former
Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich wrote an op-ed piece to the Washington Post warning
about this deadly threat. I can't believe that more people aren't talking about this.
It may be because the liberals and the government are trying to cover it up. That's why my friend
just created a free video at weirddevice.com that exposes this threat and blows the doors
off the conspiracy. Go watch the shocking video at weirddevice.com right now to discover
exactly what it is plus discover the number one way you and your family can survive this
deadly attack. I'm not sure how long this video will be online, so go to weirddevice.com
before it's gone forever. Again, that's weirddevice.com.
Ease the T-Rex of political talk. Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
All right, David Icke, even though it's late over there, it's going to be with us about
20 minutes into the next hour. We're going to get into some of the things politically
that are happening. Get his take on that, and then I'll take calls and cover news for
the balance of the rest of the hour for those that are holding. A few of the callers got
through are for David.
We may have time to actually get to a few of those here in about 15 minutes. This is
a short segment and one more little short segment and a longer segment with David. Briefly,
this broadcast is listener supported. And when you buy the books, the videos like Behold
a Pale Horse, America's Last Chance with Charlie Daniels at infowarsstore.com, or A Noble Lie
Exposing Oklahoma City as an Inside Job by the Clintons, absolute trash, a very powerful
film.
You support the broadcast. When you buy the Come and Take It T-shirts, the new Obama Joker
T-shirt that pulls down that idol, you support the broadcast. And the magazines are sold
in bulk in groups of 10 up to 100 at cost, big glossy color magazines just full of hardcore
info. Buy them, give it everybody you know. This issue, I've hardly plugged it and it's
almost sold out.
Why the Tyrants Want Your Guns is on the cover. And it's got all 50 states making up a handgun.
Infowars magazine or subscribe and get the next 12 issues. This one in the next 12 delivered
to your house or give it as a gift subscription. Great way to wake somebody up. As everything
goes digital, physical is what we're gonna get back into to really reach out and people
are really waking up.
And I wanna thank all of you that are subscribers there at prisonplanet.tv to watch the nightly
news and see the daily show. And also people that are subscribers to Infowars magazine.
Get your February issue today at infowarsstore.com. David, this is a short segment, davidike.com.
We've got a new book you're writing. I wanna have you back home when that comes out. You
wanted to comment on Huxley and people, not the Huxley we know of in this 20th century
with Brave New World in 32, but his grandfather.
How did they envision genetic engineering, total control, robots under their control
160 years ago? Well, it comes through to Aldous Huxley as well with Brave New World who, of
course, was connected into the Fabian Society, a major secret society with a network. And
that's where George Orwell, Eric Blair, his real name, got his information for 1984.
From the perspective that I'm coming from, Alex, it's really, really simple. Those that
are the Agent Smiths, if you like, and the Huxleys, there certainly were, they are coming,
and the Raw family, and the Raw families, and the Rockefellers, and the Rothschilds,
they're coming from a different point of perception for this reason. Imagine that you're playing
a computer game and you know where the computer game goes because you've seen it. You know
where it goes. Or you're watching a movie and you know where it goes. You know how the
plot unfolds and where it ends. But the people in the movie, i.e. the human race, they ain't
seen the movie. They think the movie's real. They think things are happening by random
means, when actually it's unfolding because it's programmed to unfold that way. That's
what's happening with the hack. Now, we as a human race, if we get out of our five sense
level of reality, which is very weak comparatively in changing reality, and get into awareness,
consciousness, and realize the true nature of who we are, and we do that collectively,
then it's over. It's over. This cannot unfold with that level of awareness, power, information,
creative imagination.
We got to go to break. We got to go to break, but I want to bring up to you why they do
Illuminati rituals at the Super Bowl and the Olympics. I know you've talked about that.
I'm glad I remembered that. I want to raise that. We'll get into the Vatican thing. We're
going to break right now. David Icke, third hour coming up here in just a moment. We'll
be right back with David Icke. I'm going to show you a live Skype video for TV viewers
of the Texas official state cemetery. Aaron Dykes is there, the royal establishment. Local
Fox was telling him that he needed to be quiet and he couldn't be 300 yards away from the
funeral, giving us a report. Well, the rest of the mainstream media does talking reports.
See, Infowars is much bigger than Local Fox, but they're God. They're telling him to shut
up, but we're there covering the Navy SEALs funeral. More of that coming up. Stay with
us.
You are listening to GCN. Visit GCNlive.com today.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms, but if you don't have a home security system,
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping
or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out Simply Safe. It's a new
do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to GetSimplySafe.com.
Simply Safe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power, so even if the grid
goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed. GetSimplySafe.com. Simply Safe is also ridiculously
easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger into
your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever
you go. You aren't always at home, but Simply Safe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com.
Waging war on corruption, Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. Big brother, mainstream
media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN
Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
We've got live video feeds from the funeral of Chris Kyle, the big ritual. We're going
to talk about ritual with David in the next segment. And how, oh, ignore the troops dying
of DU poisoning, but oh, we're going to have a big giant shutdown I-35 for six hours and
have a big funeral for a Navy SEAL sniper. And I'm not here bashing Chris Kyle. It's
just this is a manipulation. What is the obsession with ritual, the royal wedding, all of it?
What is it really about? It's not about honoring the troops. The globalists say that they're
the number one terror threat because they're creatures that went out and robotically did
their work, that may wake up, may get off the reservation.
David, this is your short segment, long segment coming up. David Icke, our guest of DavidIke.com.
David, in the time we've got, what's going on with the pope? And we've got Wall Street
Journal saying prophecy is the next pope, the last, and all sorts of other hysteria.
What's going on here? Well, I think there's a very good chance,
Alex, that the Roman church will not last a desperately long time now because the Roman
church has not just got skeletons in the cupboard, it's got whole cemeteries going back hundreds
of years. And, you know, there's a television program. I think when going out tonight in
America or going out, they watched it online last night. You can watch it online anywhere
in the world. And it's English title, if you like, is Silence in the House of God. And
it just confirms, in a mainstream documentary, what I've discovered all around the world
in the last 20, nearly 25 years. And that is the scale of pedophilia and child abuse.
There's a reason for that. It connects into the hack. It connects into the energy vampiring
of those behind the hack. This is all part of it. Children's energy, they want-
And why are they saying vampires are good everywhere? Children's shows.
Yeah, exactly, Alex. What they're doing is trying to get us closer and closer to them
so their extremes become mainstream and acceptable to us more and more.
Torture, secret arrest, Hotel Transylvania, the vampires are the sweet ones, the humans
are the bad ones. That's all part of the preparation and the conditioning to get us to accept extremes
and outrages as a natural part of life. But what surrounds this resignation of the Pope,
I would suggest, is that Joseph Ratzinger, his real name, is the biggest child abuse
cover-upper, if you like, cover-upper of child abuse on the planet. In 1981, Pope John Paul
II, who was not the rose-colored person he was painted and promoted as, he made Ratzinger,
the head of something called the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, the CDF. Now,
this was formerly the supreme sacred congregation of the Roman and universal inquisition. It
was the holy inquisition, the mass murdering, torturing of non-believers. And in 2001, the
same Pope, Pope John Paul II, decreed that all child abuse cases affecting the Roman
Catholic Church worldwide would come through this CDF and directly through Ratzinger, every
single one. And the job of Ratzinger, which he carried out with great employment vigorously,
was to cover up as much as possible and therefore stop what would be and will be, I suggest,
when it does come out, church-destroying truth about child abuse and the scale of it worldwide.
And in covering it up, Alex, he denied justice to the children who'd been abused and allowed
pedophile priests and bishops and all the rest of it to stay in their jobs or maybe
move parishes or whatever, but stay in their jobs and continue to abuse children.
Amazing, which is exactly what you said about Penn State before it came out and what you
said about the BBC presenter who hangs out with the royalty, who we now know was a Satanist.
Oh, by the way, let's talk about that. You said that first.
Looking back on 2012, I know personally I'm thanking God that my family and I made it
through the year from natural disasters like Hurricane Sandy and the devastating summer
drought to the family hardships brought on by a disastrous economy. Our hearts go out
to those that have lost everything. My friends at eFoods Direct hear from customers every
day that are fortunate to weather life's storm by having a supply of food on hand. Danny
from New York City wrote in following Hurricane Sandy and said, Almost all the grocery stores
are closed, but I managed to get my eFoods just in time to be able to help my sister
and my niece. Bottom line, it's better to be prepared 10 years too early than one day
too late. Heed Common Sense's warning and do what I've done. Call 800-409-5633 today
or go to eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex. They have the best tasting long term storable
food on the planet. Call 800-409-5633 and ask about the Alex Jones special or go to
eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex. Get self-sufficient today. Call 800-409-5633 or eFoodsDirect.com
forward slash Alex. Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased
need to support our immunity and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting
your needs by providing a full selection of silver based products. Our most popular silver
based products are the 32 ounce nano silver solutions, our two ounce nano silver nasal
applicators, as well as our all natural silver soaps. Just released is our 100% natural silver
gel. Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents which quickly evaporate and
leave the silver at the surface. But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the
natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the
skin while delivering the silver more effectively. Visit www.SilverLungs.com and click on our
store page to find what silver based products are best for you. That's www.SilverLungs.com.
Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at InfowarStore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Waging war on corruption. It's Alex Jones coming to you live from the front lines of
the Infowar.
All right, it's our final segment with David Icke. We may cram in a call or two for him
from folks like William. I am Alex Jones, your host. A ton of news and your calls coming
up after he leaves us. David, we got to move quickly now. If people just joined us, you're
saying it's television program set to air here and in England and you gave the name
of them and I pulled up London Guardian with the reports that he was over the committee
that helped suppress the child abuse back in the 80s and things. And now he's resigned.
It's a huge deal. The media is acting like they don't know why he resigned.
Yeah, exactly, exactly. But, you know, popes don't resign Alex. He's the first one to resign
in 600 years. They're saying ill health, but they're very vague about what that ill health
is. And his previous mate, Pope John Paul II, he stayed as pope for the last four years
of his life with Parkinson's disease, severe arthritis. He could hardly speak or hear,
but it kept going because popes don't resign. Now this one has suddenly resigned. I'm telling
you, it's to do with the scale of child abuse that this man has been covering up year after
year after year. The bubble's about to burst and on so many levels the bubble's about to
burst.
Sure, let's move quick now though.
Yeah, you mentioned Jimmy Saville. Jimmy Saville, the whole thing in this country, a thing called
Operation U Tree with the Metropolitan Police in London, that's just been a massive cover
up of these connections with the royal family and the Thatcher administration. But there
are other things going on that are connecting more and more dots and more and more connections
into the pedophilia connections into the Thatcher administration, which was a cesspit, a cesspool
beyond description.
And that's going to blow eventually as well. And I've said for all these years, pedophilia
and Satanism are the cement that holds the whole thing together.
You said not only was he a pedophile before it came out, but he was a Satanist. Now that's
mainstream news of him taking little kids to satanic rituals and raping them.
Yeah, I also said that he was a necrophiliac, which has also come out as well. And what
is a necrophiliac? There's someone at once sex with dead people. It's about death.
And again, you heard that when you were working at the BBC?
No, no, this was much later. I met a lady-
That's right, she came and visited you. But of course, you were top news presenter there
for folks that don't know.
I didn't know Saville. I mean, the BBC is a massive organization. I was in sport and
news, and he was in wherever he was. But I always thought he was a very strange man.
Anyone that saw him on television, this was one strange-
He looks like the archetypal pervert trying to rape kids in the trench coat at the park.
Yeah, but I met a lady in the late 1990s who was a close friend of Princess Diana for nine
years. And she gave me the lowdown on everything, including Saville, because Saville was so
close. I mean, she said, Princess Diana just kind of hated the guy, Saville, because he
was so close to the royal family, Alex, that this has now come out, that he was acting
as a go between Prince Charles and Princess Diana.
He was the top liaison. He was the one that had the keys to all their palaces and the
highest level security clearance above anybody and bragged, I supply things to them. And
they're constantly digging up the skeletons of little kids on royal palaces. What's going
on there?
The thing is that, you see, we've been talking in this chat about, if you like, the Agent
Smiths being living in one world and the population living in another world. And the two interact,
but that's about it.
No, they see our kids like going to the store and getting a pizza. I mean, they're eating
us. We are the food.
Well, yeah, because they see us like humans see, you know, cattle and stuff like that.
But the thing is that the life that they lead is so extreme. It's so dark. It's so based
on-
Okay, here's an example. I remember you in a book, I forget which one, saying Al Gore
carries giant packages of blood around with him everywhere. And I thought, that's it.
This guy's crazy. It's where the internet got really big. It's about 95, 96. Years later,
I saw it in the news that, why does Al Gore insist on having all these blood types in
a refrigerator that follows him everywhere he goes, not even his own blood? And they
said, we don't know, he won't say. What is Al Gore doing with the refrigerator of blood?
Well, the thing is that these bloodlines, for the way it's gone today, let's call them
the Agent Smith bloodlines. They are only partly human. They also are partly these entities,
demons, jinn, archons, whatever you want to call them. And therefore, they are hybrids.
And to hold their human form within the hack, you know, because it's a hologram. It's not
a physical body. Physical bodies can't, you know, shift shape, but holograms can. This
is why we need to understand reality, to get a real grasp on what is happening all around
us. And to hold human form, they do drink blood. It's not the only reason, but because
it carries the human genetic code, and the human code in their DNA open. Whereas otherwise,
you know, they would look very different. And this is what shape-shifting is about.
You see, people laugh at shape-shifting because, and this is an age-old thing. It's not just
modern experience. This goes back as far as history goes back, this theme of shape-shifting.
We dismiss it, or you people dismiss it, because they say you can't go from a physical body
to a physical body. No, you can't. But that's not what's happening. You see, everything
is energy, waveform energy, including the human body. It only becomes what we call physical
when we've decoded it from the waveform through to the electrical into the holographic.
Okay, well, regardless, they think all this is going on. They are a bunch of Luciferian
devil worshippers. They're skull and bones, you name it, out of their minds. Let me ask
you this, we gotta move quick here, David. You've always talked about how these sporting
events, these big ones, are religious events. Now, the last four or five Super Bowls, with
Janet Jackson and the sun symbol on her breast, and the lights going out this year for 33
minutes and 55 seconds, right after she does the Illuminati symbol, Beyonce imaging shoving
a microphone into it.
So a double symbol of sexual congress going on, and then people in the crowd getting up
and doing it. And Hitler coming up with the modern Olympics and the rings and the weird
rituals there. And people say, well, they're just having a ritual. They get off on it.
I've been at Bohemian Grove. I've seen videos shot by ABC News of Skull and Bones. They
take this stuff deadly serious. I've talked to psychiatrists and people that have treated
high level folks, obviously can't say cuz of the doctor-client privilege.
But I mean, I had dinner with, and I looked the lady up with a famous person that worked
for Princess Diana out in Hollywood one time at dinner at Martin Sheen's house of all places.
And she was saying, let me just tell you, it's all true what you're saying and then
some, okay? Let me just say it's crazy. And that's all she would say. But I mean, these
people are out of their minds. I mean, regardless whether it's real or not and spiritual, they
believe it.
And so what's going on with the rituals in the Super Bowl and stuff getting more and
more overt and all the rappers saying they're in the Illuminati?
Well, it's a couple of things we can talk about here. First of all, 80%, according to
mainstream science anyway, 80% of the information that the brain constructs into our experience
reality comes through the visual senses. And thus, this is where symbolism comes from.
This is why they put these symbols all around us. Because, see, I'm speaking now, and as
I speak, my vocal cords are vibrating a waveform vibration field of information. That's what
the voice is. And it passes between me and people listening to me now in a form that's
not words, it is vibrational information.
The ear picks that up and sends it to the brain. And the brain then decodes that vibrational
electrical information into words. The only time that my voice speaking now exists as
words is when the receiver-
Sure. Why are they doing the rituals, though? Why do they think they get power?
Yeah, this is where I'm going with this. Now, a visual subject, whether it's a symbol or
something on a stage or whatever, that's also an information field, which carries the information
that it represents. And therefore, that is going on the same journey except through the
eyes this time to the brain to be decoded into a sense of reality. In other words, symbols
through this mechanism are access gateways to the brain and the mind and the perception.
Now when you do these rituals, and this is why they're doing ancient Babylonian and other
rituals today that they've done for thousands of years and more, is because the rituals,
the colors, the chants, everything that takes part, the symbols involved, they create a
particular vibrational field. And these fields connect them to these entities operating beyond
the walls of the hack. And thus, as they create these rituals and the Olympic rituals at the
London Olympics in 2012 were absolutely classically blatant in front of your eyes, if you know
what you're looking for. They are creating this energy field that is connecting into
these entities. Now, there's a great line, energy flows where attention goes. When you
give something your attention, you make an energetic connection between you and it.
That's why they block all of I-35 and make all the news watch. It's not about the dead
soldier, about the state sucking our attention, our time, our energy, our power.
Yes, you mentioned an experience you had on a chat we had some time ago, Alex, where you
were sitting, I think it was in a restaurant, and you said you felt like two eyes were staring
you in the back or, you know, going in your back and you turn around someone was staring
at you. That attention of that person upon you, you could feel because that attention
creates an energetic connection. So when we focus and what was it a billion people focusing
on the opening ceremony of the London Olympics worldwide, and you get the Super Bowl audience
again worldwide focusing on these rituals, there is an energetic connection and we are
affected by this affecting our perception.
Hold on, I know you got to go and it's late. Do one more five minute segment, six minute
segment with us after this break to finish up on this and tie it into daily science.
Science Daily, quantum theory demonstrated observation affects reality. We're going to
talk about that finishing up and take one call for David Icke and get a sneak peek on
his new book. Stay with us. One more segment with David Icke. I'm Alex Jones.
Hello, I'm Alex Jones, myself, my family, the info wars.com team want to relay to you
and your families that we are intensifying our efforts against the globalist on every
front info wars.com is leading the fight against the technocrats. But we can't do that without
your help. By getting the films bumper stickers and T shirts and info wars.com. It will wake
up people in your area and support our operation as we move to the next level. We need your
help to spread the word like never before. They wish to hide themselves during this tectonic
battle between the forces of freedom and darkness. You are the response to the globalist technocrats
and their program of global eugenics dehumanization and ultimate extermination. The war is here.
It's an info war. The spirit of 1776 versus the mindset of 1984. Food storage check survival
tools check weapons and water filters check. But what about a permanent source of cooking
power that can run forever without buying fuel or paying for maintenance introducing
afterburner stoves home of the original patented rocket stove that Kelly kettle and the solo
stove afterburner stoves has what you need and now offers all GCN listeners are complete
preparedness package with the means to cook meals and sanitize water whether you dig in
or bug out cook almost any meal with just a handful of sticks. We already have the lowest
online prices guaranteed. But if you enter coupon code GCN at checkout will knock off
an additional 15% and send you our amazing six hour solar rechargeable light bulb absolutely
free all for only $249 visit afterburnerstoves.com or call 866-716-5214 866-716-5214 afterburnerstoves.com
cook hot meals with just a handful of sticks. Is there a less expensive way to detoxify
your body? Yes, micro plant powder from hempusa.org frees your body of toxins from virus fungus
bacteria vaccinations pharmaceutical residues heavy metals parasites and toxic chemicals
in your food and water for around $10 a month and for persistent health issues try our matrix
bio powder together with micro plant powder for a deeper cellular cleaning call 888-910-4367
and see what our powder seeds and oil can do for you at hempusa.org. Hi, this is Ted
Anderson. Have you ever wondered why banks stockbrokers investment advisors won't talk
about gold IRAs? They've been available since 1986 yet the financial industry won't recognize
the value of gold for your retirement. Gold is outperformed paper investments yet no word
about IRAs. If you would like to have gold for your retirement call 800-686-2237. Don't
get left behind by rising inflation and low returns call 800-686-2237. Secure your future
and call 1-800-686-2237. You land in Buenos Aires then a shuttle to Santa Rosa where a
nicely furnished cabin with all amenities Wi-Fi executive food and wine and laundry
service awaits. After a good night's sleep your adventure begins you're on a golden stag
safari for big game but it's not Africa it's Argentina one-on-one guided hunts for water
buffalo, huger, bighorn rams, wild boar and the biggest stag deer in South America. All
gold metal quality all the action you can handle. Land Rovers top rental guns with scopes
all food beverages hunting guides ground transportation included and more all more affordable than
you can imagine. The adventure of a lifetime starts at goldenstagsafaris.com the big game
hunting ranch goldenstagsafaris.com. Final second with David Icke then I promise I'm
going to get to William and George and Joshua and Jack we'll go to one call. Here in just
a moment William in Mississippi wants to talk to David been holding patiently. You mentioned
how they want our eyes on them they believe they're getting spiritual power the globalist
talk about this openly Francois Mitterrand the French president and others were open
occultist who talked about public events being rituals on TV to get power Hitler called his
giant mass rallies with 500,000 people rituals to get power.
Here's an equation of 7.5 billion people on earth less than a thousand members of elite
families that own the planet. You're talking about 0.0000013333333. So it's not the 2%
it's the 0.0000013333333 who are manipulating us and not even all of those thousand or so
members that Rothkopf at the Kissinger group estimates actually own the planet through
monopoly some of them aren't even fully aware of what's going on in fact a lot of them are
just compartmentalized.
Now here's Science Daily quantum theory demonstrated observation affects reality this came out
in 98 since then countless other research has been done proving that when you observe
something it changes it not when a computer does it a human looking at something they
don't know why changes the neurons and electrons and things. I mean David this just adds more
validity to what you're saying what you I guess at a spiritual level had an epiphany
to 20 something years ago but this is why you're saying that they want us looking at
them?
Yeah well the thing is that this is why you know they've found that different scientists
can have different outcomes to different experiments because depending on their attitude to the
experiment it can change the experiment. Now this is so important this Alex because I was
mentioning earlier just before a break that this program is playing out and it will play
out unless it's something something intervenes in it and and what can intervene in it is
human awareness because human awareness looks at the program in other words it's daily experience
and it changes it once it knows what it's looking at and so this whole deal has been
to hold human collective awareness or perception in a certain way of looking and perceiving
things so that it will not do on any scale what you've described in the article which
is the attention changing reality because if we look at this on anything like a mass
scale and we realize what we're looking at gone because that attention and awareness
behind the attention will change and that's why they stage the mass shootings and things
is again to get our attention they have to keep us in a certain band of attention in
other words perception of reality because then if that is our perception of reality
we will fear based attention reality fear based attention focused on them let's jam
in one call here william in mississippi william you're on the air with david i go ahead hey
can you guys hear me we can go ahead with your question mr ike uh hey first off i just
wanted to say uh i was lucky enough to grow up with a father who let me uh listen to your
speeches a lot and uh when i was in school one of our teachers kept calling you mr icky
and i had to correct them in front of everybody i've been called worse i wanted to say that
i think there's a lot of uh correlations between your theories of the anunnaki or the rest
of the reptilian humanoids and uh vampires so let's assume that they uh an intelligent
species of reptiles survive these things in their dinosaurs and evolve further well what
would be the uh correlations between them and vampires well let's just look at reptiles
and vampires they both have two things beetle mammals they're both nocturnal they're both
described as cold like all right well i don't want to get off into it you got to get your
question in there david thank you for the call sir go ahead uh cheers uh very good question
and um one of the things that happens when you research this in country after country
and culture after country uh culture is that you the penny drops eventually you're actually
looking at the same thing they're just using different names for it this is why you can
see the same thing described in all the religions every culture said whether it was asian latin
american before that mesoamerican european babylonian don't go near the castle they'll
grab you and eat you yeah i mean vampires what uh are called by the gnostics archons
the the jinn of islam the the the demons the uh all these different uh names so i've had
vampire hunting parties that went out in their major cities every week yeah now what do vampires
do they feed off human blood and they feed off human energy and that's what these people
behind the hack do and that is why their representatives within the hack do it and that is what satanism
is all about well christians call it the devil you can call it whatever you want to call
it but the establishment believes all this whether it's real or part of it's real or
none of it's real there's a lot more going on on out there than meets the eye david when's
your new book coming out uh well um probably in the autumn in the fall um but i think it's
uh it's it's the best thing i've done because uh there comes a time when you cross a line
and suddenly the pennies drop no david we're out of time let me say bye to you during the
break we'll come back with calls we're on the march the empire's on the run alex jones
and the gcn radio network it's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria viruses moles and
fungus can inflict severe damage in the human body fortunately a new and vastly improved
silver solution has been developed supernatural silver is a revolutionary broad spectrum antibacterial
antiviral antifungal solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin
supernatural silver is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers using a patented
technology that is highly effective against coals flus infections food poisoning and yeast
in addition to many other pathogens supernatural silver is scientifically supported extremely
safe and is the number one choice of thousands of people for immune system support find out
how supernatural silver could change your life go to supernatural silver.com and use
the promo code healthy for 20% off that's supernatural silver.com and like us on facebook
looking back on 2012 i know personally i'm thanking god that my family and i made it
through the year from natural disasters like hurricane sandy and the devastating summer
drought to the family hardships brought on by a disastrous economy our hearts go out
to those that have lost everything my friends at e-foods direct hear from customers every
day that are fortunate to weather life's storm by having a supply of food on hand danny from
new york city wrote in following hurricane sandy and said almost all the grocery stores
are closed but i managed to get my e-foods just in time to be able to help my sister
and my niece bottom line it's better to be prepared 10 years too early than one day too
late heed common sense's warning and do what i've done call 800-409-5633 today or go to
efoods direct.com forward slash alex they have the best tasting long-term storable food
on the planet call 800-409-5633 and ask about the alex jones special or go to efoods direct.com
forward slash alex get self-sufficient today call 800-409-5633 or efoods direct.com forward
slash alex you prepare by purchasing gold food and firearms but if you don't have a
home security system then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection
when you're sleeping or away from home who's watching out for intruders check out simply
safe it's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless go to get
simply safe.com simply safe is independent and off the grid it runs on battery power
so even if the grid goes down you're protected it's completely customizable so you can use
it in your home business boat trailer storage unit or shed get simply safe.com simply safe
is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes so there's no need to
let a stranger into your home if you move or need to relocate you can take the system
with you wherever you go you aren't always at home but simply safe will stand guard protecting
your property 24 hours a day seven days a week again that's get simply safe.com we now
take you live to the central texas command center in the heart of the resistance you're
listening to the alex jones show the story went up last night at infowars.com and hasn't
gotten the attention it deserves i'm going to cover it after we take phone calls obama
disarmed marines during inauguration now that ties into the outgoing head of sec def panetta
making troops when he goes to bases disarm i mean that is unprecedented i'm going to
talk about what that signifies and what that means again ladies and gentlemen what we know
is the reality we're being fed is not even close to what's really going on and we have
psychos running things period okay whether they're really in being directed by you know
spiritual entities you can debate that all day but bad people are in control i mean it's
coming out that a top pedophile devil worshiper with the highest level clearances best friends
of the royal family you know was involved in necrophilia you name it you look at what's
going on the catholic church it's just going on everywhere it's just a bunch of evil people
in control and i for one want it to stop as quickly as possible i'm going to go to your
calls here in just a moment i want to tell people though about some exciting news linus
pauling was back in the 60s won the nobel prize i'm gonna do a whole piece on this for
showing that super large dosages of pure vitamin c was able to make people live longer and
absolutely knock out cancer now they've tried to suppress that information since then but
here's an article out of the street and this is up at info wars dot com was on the wall
street journal and also yahoo news young jeopardy that's all the products i sell at info wars
health dot com discounted with the free shipping and other perks for info wars dot com readers
and radio listeners and it breaks down that beyond tangy tangerine ultimate classic depending
on which area 95 killed cancerous colon cells no healthy cells killed and they did other
studies with other products that do the same thing because of the super high concentration
of vitamin c and a bunch of other vitamins and minerals that only beyond tangy tangerine
ultimate classic and it's also now in the people got tired of the alex pack part of
it being liquid so now there's minerals vitamins amino acids essential fatty acids and more
30 packets of the healthy start pack or alex pack the plant derived minerals everything
where it's just in pills instead of the liquid now i personally think liquid tends to be
better and people agree when you're on the run or on the go or whatever but for survival
reasons this lasts a lot longer all those reasons we they now have the one pack on the
go healthy start pack available at info wars health dot com and there's also phone numbers
at info wars health dot com where you can call and get all your questions answered they
have great probiotics healthy chocolates incredible coffees almost 400 products that are the very
best all available oh you actually found the linus pauling thing punch that back up for
me vitamin c linus pauling was right all along a doctor's opinion that's medical news today
and it goes over when did he win that i remember reading that the the nobel prize he got for
that decade ago the point is is that there's a bunch of studies i need to do a whole report
on it and talk about it but you also support us getting the great products with your purchase
for the news organization everything we're building here you see things expanding that's
because we're really trying to fight the globalists head to head and do the best job we can so
info war store dot com room for shop dot com also links over in force health dot com if
you forget that u r l he remains the only person who had won two uh unshared nobel prizes
the first in chemistry in 54 and the second in 62 yeah that was for the vitamin c in addition
to being one of the greatest scientists ever he was a renowned humanitarian well there
you go the point is is that they went out and got clemson university to do a long year-long
study of this with cancer cells next to healthy cells with the colon tissue and uh it's just
dramatic i mean it just shows how your body the stuff that's in these longevity products
info wars health dot com and again the phone number is also up there on the site in a bunch
of videos and materials in fact scroll down i'll give people the phone number uh you scroll
down i'll give people the phone number it's uh sign up as new customers it's eight eight
eight seven eight nine nine two seven seven eight eight eight seven eight nine nine two
seven seven eight eight six three six nine two seven seven and they're there right now
um folks have done their research some of them pharmacists and others but most of them
just folks that have been trained will answer your questions so that's up there on the site
okay uh and don't forget water is key we have propure the best gravity fed filter out there
side by side comparisons at info war store dot com discounted with the new pro one filters
that has fluoride and hydrofluorosolic acid cutting it out none of the other competitors
can even do any of that we we carry the best i went out and got them because i did my research
they were the best propure discounted ten percent with promo code water at info war
store dot com and shopping with us shopping with the patriots shopping with the folks
in the white hats shopping with the good guys some of the bad guys voting with your dollars
is what it's all about be sure and support your local am and fm affiliates as well sponsor
them and support the local sponsors you here voting with your dollars the new obama joker
t-shirt we brought that back with a new design tyrant obama and on the back it says come
and take it the second amendment gun the gun with the second women inside of it that's
already our best-selling t-shirt we just combined it with the obama tyrant shirt info war store
dot com or in for shop dot com okay enough of that let's go to anthony in canada thanks
for holding you're on the air anthony hey alex how are you good sir well welcome thank
you very much i've been listening to you for years i've actually debated whether i'd call
your show or not for a long time i used to be uh working in the canadian government uh
and had a rough shoulder with some pretty big people and i've got some information for
you first thing good news bill c30 known as the online surveillance and wireless wiretapping
bill didn't pass uh... yesterday according to uh... our justice minister a minister because
of the uh... canadian public opposition so that's a good uh... victory for us in in the
info war uh... but this prime minister we have now the complete globalist uh... he's
just absolutely disgusting he just sold one of our biggest oil companies next into the
chinese government uh... last month we have basically no more control of our oil fields
on alberta uh... what else is he done here he's got uh... jeez i don't even know like
there's so much stuff here uh... but another thing too when i was up there you say these
people are mentally ill man did you ever nail it like these people that i've talked to their
naming their kids after like historical people uh... one one guy who is uh... in the cabinet
in the canadian government right now named one of his kids after uh... uh... the queen
somebody in the queen's family they're talking about like all this is royalty this and that
and i thought these people are absolutely crazy uh... you want to talk about al gore
you're talking about him earlier
i was actually told
two years before
it when the nobel peace prize
he wanted to be president uh... they told him no the elite said you can't do it
uh... you're going to win the nobel peace prize you're going to be the champion for
the global warming uh...
uh... garbage that we're going to spewed out
and you know i just i couldn't take it anymore alex i had to call in and spread the word
because uh... most of the stuff you say is true
and about this mental illness thing man they have a god complex i'm completely convinced
that they actually think they're part of the divide they think that they they get their
mission like when they go to bed at night i don't know what they're thinking but it's
definitely what's happening
very very interesting very very interesting i gotta say this on air i'm sure they don't
mean any trouble
as i compared a lot of agencies they're one of the better ones the texas rangers are here
or one texas ranger
and the shows over officially heard about twenty minutes of the talk to him
but i just want to get that out so they want to talk about chris kyle
and they're having the big event right now here in town burying him in fact let's go
to that live video feed
uh... here in a moment aaron dikes is out there uh... videotaping the funeral service
uh...
secret service f b i texas rangers
this should be interesting so i'll find out exactly what this is about
uh... here in uh... just a moment
well actually said what it was about
it was about the marines giving us info about chris uh... about the guy that reportedly
shot chris kyle exclusive photo we got
and uh...
i can tell you right now i'm not giving up my sources i don't know that's what they want
but uh...
all options in the uk and i told him i don't want to know sources when he does
and so
uh... that's the end of it
data system does not want to find out what's going on with us and uh... and
uh... texas ranger that's here
uh... let's go ahead and return to come back into the almost off so i'll just
call back and get this over with
other stuff today
uh... let's go to george in connecticut
you're on the air go ahead george
i i i thought it would be a sort of uh... insight into that uh... this uh... universal
matrix you could say
uh... i had a uh... profound uh... uh... experience about thirty years ago when i
was uh... dabbling into all sorts of uh...
darkened and and like arts of uh... of the of the e s p nature
and i had an angelic experience and it was uh... quite unnerving considering if you've
doubled in things and something like that happens
but uh... i was babbling into the defense of what is the true nature of god
and what is the power of god and love was that was the answer i got from the
angelic and and and
then i had to go to a
example of how it really was the most powerful
force in the universe
and allowed me to be packed
uh... by malevolent spirit
and until i learned that defending myself wasn't the issue
but you don't think a lot of and and sending a lot of those things are
attacking me and then they diminished in power and then they actually turned into
beings of light
what we've got to learn that we're in the matrix the matrix is the is trying
to create a fear base so we stay within the bubble
if we try to we use a lot of and don't allow them to destroy us and and and and
react to that in a negative fashion we can react to protect ourselves
but not to curse them not to go after them in that way because that gives them
power that keeps us in the matrix and gives them power when we use the love
it basically then transcends that and then destroys their power
now i agree with you and i don't want to be you know you know religious
arguments and things like that that everybody seems to engage in nowadays
but
uh... i know this people some people misunderstand what i'm doing with the
broadcast
uh... and uh... they think that
i'm trying to scare them
when i cover all these scary things
i'm trying to realize this is already going on whether you admit it or not
let's do something about it
again if somebody's house was on fire and they were sleeping you're banging on
the door
going to get out your house on fire coming or go quit fear mongering as you
know smoke comes out the windows and fire comes out the roof
i'm trying to get people i think people are want to do something about this i
think people
needed understand folks that are so
totally grip with fear i mean take the l a p d
all of southern california locked down police staying indoors not on the you
know getting out of the squad cars not on motorcycles not on foot
running around machine gun shooting women in cars and trucks only look like
this guy
shooting men that don't look like him
and if they are the wicked flee when number soon i'm not saying they're all
wicked but it's a wicked culture
i mean statistically
cops die
every couple days i've looked it up in in southern california and it's very
dangerous driving around to get hit they
they get shot things are always but it's not hyped up like this
and so it just shows they can hype up
paid to cops are dead five people shot
and they're and they literally are just running around in total fear in a p r
disaster
and it is just beyond bizarre
that it could ever get to this point
uh... but but it shows this culture of fear in fact here it is
obama this is informed works dot com
obama
disarms marines during inauguration
and uh... it goes uh... note the missing rifle
bolts in the video capture above
and they've always inaugurations of there's no need they don't have ammo and
that gets checked
uh... and and they should be in our salute it's it's blank she don't want to
shoot some a mile away
uh... in a popular area but but now when even when general show up at the
secretary of defense
all the ammo is taken
they do inspections of the officers they go in and make sure it's out of the
barracks they they check their clips they say leave your guns no guns
uh... because they dislike and hate the military so much but in the same
politicians have these big giant parades for the military so they look like
heroes
uh... and uh... so that ties into this total state of fear
where now you know some of the second walk out in front of ten thousand troops
and nobody shot him
and i'm not saying he's a good guy but the point is
our leaders act completely cowardly
i mean they just live in total fear
i mean statistically
i try to remind myself i'm driving on the highway in the morning where there
are cars that come right out of the lane on this four lane road two lanes one way
two lanes the other that if you know somebody i see i see fatality accidents
every few months on the road
on this particular road is very dangerous
uh... i see it uh...
i see wrecks every week i mean just devastating wrecks because if somebody's
looking at their phone or drops coffee on themselves or tire blows they're into
your lane
i told my wife we should always drive in the slow lane on this road is so
dangerous
because statistically that's the number one cause of death
my little darling children
that i would give my life for a split second
i still stick in a car ten can
going seventy miles down the road with other cars on seventy on a road that has
deaths all the time
but where's the fear there's not the fears is part of life
and that's why i'm afraid of not being killed by the new world order
and i know life so short anyways i mean i just i don't get surrendering to fear
that's why some people here this show and they go that guy scares the day
lights out of me
i've talked to military people and i've talked to
uh... others that say i just can't listen it's too scary
well you're scared cuz you're not doing anything about it
i'm not here trying to scare you trying to get you moving
i'm saying look this is going on let's do something
and it's not like hey i've got courage
folks
i do not have courage
i don't even know if courage is a real thing
i think it's a default are you gonna stand up for yourself
i mean you see the footage in nazi germany of the piles of dead bodies and
ditches they're shooting mass graves and the people hats and hands it's their
turn and they they curtsy the soldier in the authority figure and run in and get
shot americans are like that today a uniform they'd they kill their own kids
i'm telling you a lot of them that they worship uniforms not liberty not freedom
you know they worship the flag not what it symbolizes
they don't even support what it symbolizes it would be a parade for the constitution
constitution has been run over but they wrap all their tyranny in that packaging
and it just totally freaks me out that that that some some of the people in in
the warsaw ghetto some of the jews and others fought back a few times and were
called heroes
for fighting back so they wouldn't be taken and killed i call that just being
normal
but i mean i have a hat
usually you're marching men women and children into a pit shooting them and
you and you and and and i'm a hero
if i would run over and try to break the neck of somebody or you know did do
something to him and that's not a hero
if i go in my garage and there is a raccoon in there and this has happened before
and i might get out of here and it's sitting there eating dog food looking at me
and i get a broom and start going like this it'll hiss at me and stuff and if
you were to corner one it would attack you
that raccoon is not something tough it's just normal okay
that's what i'm trying to get out here
we're gonna break and uh...
come back to thank you george for the call and we're gonna come back to uh...
joshua
zachary
and patricia try to cram those in here and i gotta go find out what the texas
ranger wants
uh...
somebody with chris kyle there's no end of this
uh...
so i'll be able to find out what's going on with that
and there's a new piers morgan thing going on behind the scenes to that i'm
not a liberty to talk about this point
you know who did that piers morgan thing who got all that going i didn't know
this till about a week after the media said you can blame matt drudge for this
now i looked at matt's tweets i mean i look at him a couple times a day but i've
not missed it and he had actually sent it to them and i was talking to one of
their producers when i was down there last week when piers morgan was down here and they said
yeah that is where we got the idea
so uh... matt drudge does it again
that's that that was the impetus the impetus the thought
that the chain reaction triggered
uh... all of that
unfolding
final segment this hour coming up
i'm alex jones enjoy info wars dot com while it's still there
spread the word of liberty hello i'm alex jones myself my family the info wars
dot com team want to relay to you
and your families that we are intensifying our efforts against the
globalist on every front info wars dot com is leading the fight against the
technocrats but we can't do that without your help by getting the films bumper
stickers and t-shirts at info wars dot com you will wake up people in your area
and support our operation as we move to the next level
we need your help to spread the word like never before they wish to hide
themselves during this tectonic battle between the forces of freedom and
darkness
you are the response to the globalist technocrats and their program of global
eugenics dehumanization and ultimate extermination
the war is here it's an info war
the spirit of seventeen seventy six versus the mindset of nineteen eighty
four
in the u s one in every fifty homes will have a break in this year
burglars call it smash and grab police call it robbery
we call it avoidable
we are fake tv
a simple electronic device that can fool even professional burglars fake tv
easily plugs into any outlet and simulates the changing colors of a
television to a burglar it looks like someone must be home watching tv so
they'll likely move on to an easier target
at only thirty four ninety five fake tv cost less than a month of most alarm
monitoring plants and it's perfect if you're traveling or away from home
order your fake tv by calling eight seven seven five
fake tv
or go to fake tv dot com
that's eight seven seven five three two five three eight eight or fake tv dot
com
fake tv
the burglar deterrent
digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins that bears
repeating digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins and
pro e m one daily probiotic cleanse is the key to digestive health pro e m one
is a powerful liquid probiotic strong enough to cleanse gentle enough to use
every day pro e m one is dairy wheat and soy free contains all natural and
certified organic ingredients contains no preservatives or animal products
supports a healthy digestive and immune system supports weight loss improves
absorption of food nutrients aids in controlling yeast infections is never
freeze-dried and uses three groups of live viable beneficial microbes to
cleanse and remove toxins order pro e m one daily probiotic cleanse at
tereganics dot com spelled t e r a g a n i x dot com tereganics dot com or call
toll free eight six six three six nine three six seven eight that's eight six
six three six nine three six seven eight pro e m one the raw probiotic
all give people a report to know the nightly news seven o'clock one of the
secret uh... service from secret service they've been there before the texas
ranger
this year to talk to me
so we'll find out what happens without the show sufficiently over a minute
retransmission start so many stations and
uh... we were here the first hour in the fourth hour of the summit of the fourth
hour live of the confusion everybody
uh... let's talk to joshua the
pope and prophecy go ahead joshua
hi alex
they have a a question for you um... i was uh... you know read my bible like i
do sometimes and uh... i noticed that in matthew twelve and luke eleven
that it talks about the profit jonah
and i was able to connect that with the alex jones
uh... in the same way that uh... no stardom is predicted history
as hitler
whereas you know like jonah's would be like joe
and uh... i knew that this was connected to sort of the entire thing here and
then kind of bringing the pope situation with the malachi prophecies and
you know you've got like this
probably isn't all i don't believe in nostradamus i mean he may he said a king
will be killed
jousting kings got killed every
year in different parts of europe jousting
i mean uh... you know hister hitler it's all i mean i don't put anything into that
and there have been
millions of people named jones
and jones is the uh...
the antecedent of it is jonas
you go back to about
eleven hundred in wales they were converting the christian names from
gaelic or celtic names celtic names and went over to that so go ahead
so you don't think that you're the profit jonas that the bible speaks of in
the end time that
you're constantly trying to get people
to basically like
they you know like you know dot go along with this whole you know plan to you
know gender twenty one you roll over
all that stuff
and getting the repair and it says that
that's going to happen for you basically
all right well god bless you for a friend of the i think we've all got a
job in god's plan and and you know i just want people thinking outside the
box
and realize people running things on other best interest at heart
i'm not even necessarily you know convince this is this is the you know
the end times the mark of the beast i i believe all that i see it being set up
and coming but things always take a lot longer than what people think
you know preachers are saying the world's gonna end every day ever so i
mean it's just it just never ends but god bless you i appreciate your call
patricia
uh... you're uh... on the air go ahead calling from colorado
we want to know how i could could do something about some time
in debt and
and on the dole and so
i know people call me all the time they say how do i get out of debt and get off
the dole they've set the system up where
it's very hard to get ahead of the old days
even if you only had meager skills and you're willing to work you could end up
being comfortable
they're trying to get rid of that civilization i want to make you
dependent i want to get control of your life
so what should i do then since i have control of my life i am on the dole
you know i'm
go volunteer at a church do you go to church
yes i do
well that's good
go volunteer at the church and try to help people
and go go offered an intern you know uh... things that i mean it's such a
complex question i have to counsel you for like two hours
to figure out ways to help you
uh... the church should be helping you
and trying to figure out ways to get you a job and
get you some skills do you have any skills?
i don't
i'm sure i have some skills i can clean and stuff
i don't like to but i can clean
well if you don't want to be on the dole go join a maid service and do that and
through that hard work you're gonna live longer anyway sitting around is one of the
biggest forms of bad health sedentary lifestyles
uh... and uh... hard work's good for you
uh... and i'd start right there
uh... or you could also do things like stay on the dole for a while but
pick up cans or
paint little paintings and go try to sell them on the street
to then gain a nest egg of money to then get off the dole
it's hard to ever get off once you're on i understand that there's a lot of
things you can do
you ever thought about going and working for a yard company
get in pretty good shape doing that
yard company
yeah mow yards i've done it
and also can i ask you something else?
sure what is it real fast?
you know wifi
what's the best way to fight that?
well listen it's one thing wifi studies show isn't good for you but the
really high-powered stuff like smart meters
that's what's bad
thank you for listening to GCN
visit GCNlive.com today
