Big Brother, Mainstream Media, Government Cover-Ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
It is Wednesday, the 20th day of March, 2013. And things are imploding by design in the
euro right now, militarily. There is all sorts of escalation and hack attacks shutting down
many government and private networks in South Korea. They're claiming the North, who can't
even manufacture an automobile, have supposedly launched these attacks.
These are real attacks. It's the Chinese that use North Korea as a sock puppet. We're gonna
be going over all that. Here's some of the incredible headlines we're gonna be breaking
down. Is Spain preparing for its own deposit levy? And then Zero Hedge breaks down some
of the Spanish newspapers, saying they are.
And you have the German, head of the German Central Bank, calling for a 15% levy. Of course,
in Italy, that's on record. And so this is moving across Europe right now. Cypriot business
owner, the Germans want to destroy us like they bombed London in World War II. They're
using economic weapons, but Germany's getting the blame.
The German people are paying the bill for the mega-bankers to come in and basically
finance the takeover of the other countries. It's the same thing. So the Germans are getting
blamed again. And of course, Germany is the center of the spoke of Europe financing it,
because the Germans work so incredibly hard and invent so many things. It is the engine
of Europe, but they've been financing their own destruction.
The Germans don't like this. They want out of the euro. But see, they use divide and
conquer all over Europe. The Germans, they're the ones, not Goldman Sachs, not JP Morgan,
not Bank of England. And we don't blame the British people either. It's these institutions.
It's incredible. We're gonna be going over all that. Cyprus crisis deepens. Bailout rejected.
Banks may not reopen.
The German Central Bank that runs the euro, and I've got the quotes here, is saying, okay,
how about none of your money then? If you don't agree to 10% off the top and money whenever
we want on top of all your taxes, then we just will not open the banks again. I mean,
this is crazy land, but it's where we knew it would go, and they'll probably capitulate.
And then a few years from now, there'll be more bailouts. That's how this works. Iceland
said no, well, three years ago now, and they have the fastest growing economy compared
to England, all of the UK, the rest of the Atlantic island nations, and the United States
and Canada.
Those numbers came out two days ago, because they said no, and it turned out almost all
the debt was not theirs. They paid off the 7% or so debt that was really theirs, the
90 plus percent. They said, hey, we're gonna arrest our banking ministers that signed us
on to this with Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan, Bank of England, and others. At first, the
British government called them terrorists.
You can pull that up, and said no Icelander can use British airwaves or come to England,
400,000 people. They said fine, crooks, we won't come to your stinking country. They
had to back off. Call their bluff. Now here is a member of the UK, EU Parliament, Nigel
Farage, who were working to get on the show last night saying get your money out. They're
going to implode everything. We're gonna go out to break with a clip of this.
Well it can't afford Cyprus to fail, it can't afford Greece to fail, Portugal, Spain, or
Ireland. They know that once one country goes, the whole deck of cards will come tumbling
down and countries like Germany will realise absolutely vast losses, possibly as much as
1 trillion euros. So they are prepared now to do anything, literally anything, to try
to keep the euro afloat, and that is why they've now resorted, as I say, to what can only be
described as theft. And now they've done it in one country, they're quite capable of doing
it in Italy, Spain, Portugal or anywhere else. And the message that sends to people who've
got savings in banks in those countries, certainly if I was them, is get your money out while
you can.
All right, we're going to come back and play that entire five minute interview he did on
our team. It's so important, again we're going to get him back on the show, he's been on
many times. He survived a plane crash recently that almost killed the pilot who's basically
disabled heavily now. And guess who else survived a plane crash? It was very suspicious at night
view. The day before he came on the show and didn't tell us, Joel Skousen. We'll be right
back. Stay with us.
A little over a year ago, I began to do a lot of research into why, even though I had
a pretty good sized meal, that I was still starving. And my research led me to a well
known fact that most of the soils that we grow our crops on here in the United States
and across the industrialized world are almost completely depleted of almost all of the key
minerals and trace elements that our bodies need to rebuild themselves, fight off cancer
and be healthy. I then searched out the best vitamin and mineral company out there and
discovered Young Jevity. The Young Jevity products are designed to give you the real
nutrition you need. And once you've got that, you don't have to eat as much to be satisfied.
I've lost 37 pounds in two months simply getting the vitamins and minerals I need. Check it
out for yourself. It's incredible. Go to Infowarsteam.com today and order your first canister of Beyond
Tangy Tangerine Complete Multivitamin Mineral Complex Dietary Supplement. That's Infowarsteam.com.
Introducing Pro Wine. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates. We have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at Infowarsetour.com or by calling 888-253-3139. Alex Jones here
with a message to fellow freedom lovers. The prognosis for the entire planetary economic
system runs from bad to worse. The globalist model is to shut down societies and starve
patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover. That's why we've assembled the most
vital and important preparedness items at Infowarsetour.com. These are items that I
did research on that I personally use. You've got the life straw so you can turn fetid water
into safe water anywhere you go. The Ktor Handcrank generator to charge up key equipment
during power outages or out in the field. Strategic Relocation, third edition by Joel
Skousen. When disaster strikes by Matthew Stein. TheraSafe used by Homeland Security
to protect yourself during any radiological event. Handcrank shortwave AM FM radios. Everything
that we've researched and found to be the best is available at Infowarsetour.com and
your purchase makes our info war possible. We're getting prepared. Are you? Infowarsetour.com.
Live from Austin, Texas. Broadcasting worldwide. It's Alex Jones.
Monday through Friday from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Central. We're live. We're kicking off the
transmission right now on this Wednesday, 20th day of March 2013. We've got Rosa Corey
of Behind the Green Mask, really the firebrand out there eloquently with precision fighting
Agenda 21 in the trenches at point blank range. She's here on a speaking tour across Texas.
She is scheduled, as they say, to be in studio with us coming up in the second hour today.
Okay, where to start? Obviously, we're going into a contrived global financial crisis,
which the mega banks believe they're going to use to hold the planetary system hostage
under economic espionage and economic fraud, economic hijacking to accept a new global
digital SDR currency pegged with some gold and some petrol dollars backing it. And that's
officially at Davos for a decade. They've been moving towards that. That's what comes
out of Bilderberg.
That's the plan. So we've been saying look for them to start regional wars, destabilization
operations in the Middle East, Central Asia, Eastern Europe, Southern Europe, other Mediterranean
areas far east into Southeast Asia, the North Pacific area, basically worldwide chaos. If
you had to describe the new world order, it'd be I guess the bad guys from Get Smart because
they are chaos agents.
And then they always have the actuary breakdowns and the groups, the IMF, the World Bank, the
Ex-Im Bank, the International Bank of Settlements, the OECD. Look up these groups, folks. There
to then respond to the crisis with what? More Western taxpayer money, more get out of jail
free cards, more diplomatic immunity, more world government, where they create a wall
of red tape to control you and shut you and your country down while they exempt themselves.
So it is 21st century warfare based on the old British great game that itself is the
old Roman great game of divide and conquer. How did the Romans that were maybe 7, 8% of
the known world population that they were dominating at any one time, how were they
able to control everybody? Divide and conquer, balkanization. Divide and conquer, balkanization.
That's why you see that at every level of society. They want you to think inherently
about fighting with yourselves and having no unity unless it's in your little racial
group or religious group that they control or manipulate instead of having an identity
and liberty and freedom and justice and creativity and renaissance and enlightenment.
They don't want that, the true illumination. You see, they call themselves the Illuminati,
but they're illuminated, they believe. They want you in darkness. See, they're a counterfeit.
So I use words like illuminate or I use a term like billions of points of light are
sentient minds following God's plan, bringing light and salt to the world. And the Bible
says that bring light, salt to the world. But see, the devil says he's gonna bring light
to the earth as well, but he's not bringing illumination. That's why their symbol is the
owl because it sees in the night and you don't. And they bring darkness so that you can't
see and they can see.
And once you figure out their game plan and their handbook, their playbook, it is laughably
obvious and simple. Because they arrange it, it's stacked on itself. Their management systems
are stacked, but it's the same management system at each level, at each ring, concentric
rings that centralize down to fewer and fewer people as you go towards the paramount top,
as you go towards the apex, the peak.
But it's the same management system. So if you know one level, you know the next level.
And incredible things are happening worldwide right now. I wanna play you a clip from RT
last night. It's up at infoawards.com via Zero Hedge. I wanna play you a clip of Nigel
Farage, who survived a very mysterious plane crash during his last campaign for EU Parliament.
Because he's a real leader. They're gonna end up replacing the Conservative Party, just
like the real Tea Party could replace the Republicans here.
David Cameron's panicking, the liberals are panicking, the fake conservatives are panicking.
He barely survived a plane crash. Joel Skalzen had a very, I think, mysterious plane crash.
The plane never, I watched the newscast, has never been known to have that problem. Coming
in on landing, the engine totally failed. It flipped end over end, and he got out basically
unscathed.
They're calling it a miracle. That happened the day before he was on with us last week,
and he didn't even tell. I wonder why he had a little cut on his head and his nose. But
then later, people were sending me emails, stuff saying, you didn't know he was in a
plane crash? He's on with us next. Thank God he's okay. He's on with us next Monday, World
Affairs brief, former Navy, Marine Corps, Vietnam War pilot, carrier pilot.
And of course, I mean, this just keeps happening to patriots, folks. It's very suspicious.
I mean, how many Congress people's planes blow up or disappear? Or Larry McDonald, the
list goes on and on. Very, very suspicious. I mean, if something like that happens to
me, and I'm not a pilot, but if something like that happens to me and is suspicious,
I want it investigated.
Because there's a lot of that going on, a lot of that happening. And I laugh because
it's uncomfortable. But I'm gonna go over hack attacks happening all over the world
right now that are being blamed on North Korea. North Korea cannot tie its shoelaces. They
drive around in 57 Chevys, the government does. It's a crumbling joke of parasitic intrigue.
But they're saying the South got this massive financial and government hack attack. JP Morgan
saying it's not a hack that all their computers said zero in balances. I've talked to IT people,
that's not how those systems work.
I've talked to people in banking, that's not how they work. It's very suspicious. I'm gonna
get into what that really signifies from different perspectives. We're gonna look at they're
now talking about taking money not just out of Greece, and not just out of Cyprus, Cyprus,
the Cypriot people, and not just Italy, but now Spain. This is really spreading.
And again, people say, well, it will destroy confidence. It will destroy confidence. Why
would they do this? Because it'll be the same mega banks that implode their front banks.
They can change the name of Goldman Sachs or JP Morgan, or they can change the name
just like they've done of the brokerage houses and banks, Lehman Brothers and stuff they
imploded in 2008.
It's the private shareholders, the banks are front holding companies. The central banks
are holding company fronts for the holding companies. Again, fronts in front of fronts,
in front of fronts, in front of fronts. It's come out the Rothschilds every time they arrest,
almost every time they arrest some Russian oligarch in Russia, who's got 6, 7, 10, 15
million.
They have yachts the size of World War II battleships, no joke. Pull up Russian oligarchs
yacht docks in New York a few months ago. It's like a battleship, it's a cruise ship.
And the point is, is that every time they arrest one of them, or try to seize their
bank accounts, it turns out it's a Rothschild front. So the Rothschild sued newspapers a
few years ago saying, stop saying we're puppet masters, and then the judge found it was actually
true.
Yeah, there it is. Now that's a boat, world's largest yacht belonging to a Russian millionaire.
I'm not even saying he's a corrupt guy, I don't know all his details, docks in New York.
But the point is, that's what's going on with the Russian people's money. See, they never
really got privatization in Russia. They took the Duma controlled Communist Party system
controlled by a few hundred guys, and they all left the Duma and put their puppets in
like Putin, and went, and they're totally drugged out of his mind, Yeltsin who couldn't
even talk.
They put him up there, while they all then went and took over the nickel, the iron, the
steel production, the oil, the natural gas. It's all just big mafia combines, and it's
truly, truly, truly disgusting. But the point is, even these guys are Dutch royal, British
royal Rothschild fronts. But let's go ahead and go to this Nigel Farage clip, where he's
breaking down what's really happening in Europe. Here it is.
Well, it can't afford Cyprus to fail, it can't afford Greece to fail, Portugal, Spain, or
Ireland. They know that once one country goes, the whole deck of cards will come tumbling
down, and countries like Germany will realize absolutely vast losses, possibly as much as
one trillion euros. So they are prepared now to do anything, literally anything, to try
to keep the euro afloat, and that is why they've now resorted, as I say, to what can only be
described as theft. And now they've done it in one country, they're quite capable of doing
it in Italy, Spain, Portugal, or anywhere else. And the message that sends to people
who've got savings in banks in those countries, certainly if I was them, is get your money
out while you can. But I guess there's also duty to look after
the many expats that are there. In 2010, almost twice as much British money went to Cyprus
as transfers from Russia recorded the country's official website. Surely you've got a responsibility
to safeguard your constituents' interests there now?
Well, I mean, you know, what the British government have said is that they will stand surety for
the British army soldiers and air force people. But what about all the expats who have been
living there for 20, 30 years? The government have had nothing to say on
that subject whatsoever. And what the government ought to do is to help the British people
living down there, mostly pensioners, but what the British government needs to do is
to say to the hundreds of thousands of Brits that are living in southern Spain, for goodness
sake, get your money out of that country and have a monthly transfer to pay your bills.
And that is what I'd like to see the Chancellor George Osborne do in his budget statement
tomorrow in the House of Commons. All right.
What sort of message is this? Okay, so we're going to try to get him on
in the next few days. He's a very busy man, but he does come on when we request it. He's
really the Rand Paul, Ron Paul of Europe now. And again, he's elected to the EU Parliament,
but he'll point out that the EU bureaucracy that exempts itself from EU taxes makes all
the rules. They just pass things and then it's a recommendation and it's all ignored
by a bureaucracy who's all Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan, Bank of England execs.
I mean, they appoint presidents and prime ministers now over these countries. Europe
has been financially conquered, but it's a fraud. Admit you've been conquered and admit
that they're holding you hostage. Things aren't going to get better. Most of the Cyprus debt
is not their debt. It is globalist debt they've been signed on to. But the media won't talk
about that. It's another giant hoax. Stay with us March into big spring preparedness
savings this month at BePrepared.com. Going on now. Emergency Essentials and BePrepared.com
save you 28% off your favorite beef and chicken combo entrees. Save 24% on number 10 cans
of freeze dried raspberries or save 26% on our freeze dried strawberry slices with purchase
of 12 or more. Katadyn pocket micro water filters are 27% off. Try our fruit flavored
hydropack combo water filtering pouches in March by 5 10 packs for a 50% discount. Stock
up on wheat with a year's supply of grains for $70 off. Only at BePrepared.com and this
month power up with a Goal Zero Sherpa 50 solar powered recharging kit at $110 off MSRP
and we'll throw in a free $50 Emergency Essentials gift card. The March sale ends March 31st
at BePrepared.com. For contents and details call Emergency Essentials at 800-999-1863
or click BePrepared.com. The choice is clear. Be unprepared or BePrepared.com. Nothing is
more American than Diamond Gusset Jeans. 100% American made since 1987. Soft and broken
in from the start. Yet more rugged and durable than any jean you've ever worn. Have you ever
experienced mis-sized jeans from China? Well you won't with Diamond Gusset. Every pair
is crafted to fit exactly the same and always feel like they were custom made. Need a 30
foot, 35, 37 or 39 waist? How about a 31 inseam? We keep all sizes in stock for the fit you
need. Looking for a relaxed fit, slim fit, regular fit, boot cut or straight leg? We
got you covered. Buy the world's best fitting jeans at Gusset.com or call 1-888-8GUSET.
Get free Gusset Targets for the next time you go to the shooting range with a purchase
of their new Ranger Jeans. Use code comfort when ordering to receive free shipping and
all Gusset orders at Gusset.com. That's Gusset.com to get only the best all American jeans.
That's Gusset.com. Spelled I-N-F-I-D-E-L Body Armor.com. Infidel Body Armor. Just won't
quit.
We the people grow cotton, weave fabric, engrave ink, embed strips and fibers to protect from
counterfeit then carting to a private bank having it lead back at interest, forcing taxes
to service debt. This capitalism or was Jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing
the public currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than a standing
army? Hi, Ted Anderson. I'm placing a silver dollar in a book explains our monetary system.
Call for your copy of 800-686-2237. It's time to understand the system call 800-686-2237.
That's 800-686-2237.
Are you or someone you love struggling with stress, anxiety or less than perfect health?
Hi, this is Pastor Jenny. And as a woman of faith, I spent many years in ministry burdened
with anxiety and fear. But in 2010, I met Dr. Carolyn Dean, and I took her recommendation
to try RNA drops. Within days of taking RNA drops, my anxiety began to lift. My joy was
restored and the peace of mind that I would have once called a miracle has now become
normal to me. Discover what RNA drops can do for you. Order your free sample today at
www.rnafreesample.com. That's rnafreesample.com. There you can order a free 30 day trial size
bottle of RNA drops by paying just shipping and handling. That's www.rnafreesample.com.
Maybe there's a miracle waiting there for you.
In the next segment I'm going to look at the entire geopolitical field and the hack attacks,
the military things that are happening, the use of Al-Qaeda against Muslim countries by
the West and just how over the top all this is and what I believe it's leading to. But
I want to continue with what's happening with bank runs here and around the world, seeing
some of the glitches and problems that are being rolled out.
But let's go up to infowars.com first. If you go to the featured news areas, Chinese
eugenicist factory collects genius DNA to breed enhanced people. Chinese may launch
eugenics operations for economic reasons, offering it to the world. That's why they
take your blood for now 41 years at birth in all Western countries to put it in a UN
database.
I of course broke that 16 years ago. It was declassified about five years ago. They secretly
take your blood. Of course they do. They spy on you. They do whatever they want. They put
cancer viruses in the vaccines. You're not in Kansas anymore, folks. Syrian rebels caught
on tape discussing chemical weapons attack.
Well, yeah, last year we had video of them talking about that. Now there's new ones.
It doesn't matter. They'll just blame it on Assad and say he's al-Qaeda while they use
al-Qaeda and publicly harm him. It's just the American people say good, kill everybody,
nerve gas them.
Feinstein vows not to play dead on anti-second amendment bill. Look, she brings out her ultra
radical bill. So now the bill that's gone through has banning of private sales and basically
national registration and letting the police say everybody's mentally ill and throw you
in a mental institution, which all authoritarian systems have done.
And we just saw a case in Williamson County that was in the paper. They're always setting
up innocent people. They're famous for that. And throwing lawyers who are totally well
spoken, have no criminal record, who sue them. They just come and arrest you and throw you
in a mental institution for three years and drug you up.
And then finally, the person's a lawyer. So as other lawyers sue and get you out and you
hear the person interviewed, they're totally cogent. I mean, that's the problem is that
they're charging people for hay dust and giving them five years in prison. They're charging
people and giving them five years in prison if in your own creek, cows go down and drink
and some mud gets into the creek, something animals have always done.
Look at Africa, they're running free and open. The animals go down and the water buffalo
go down, the same thing as a cow, same species, just wild. You're arrested. You let a couple
balloons go for your girlfriend as a present. State police pull over, buy your house, you
just let those balloons go? Yeah, for my girlfriend. All right, you're facing multiple counts,
five years in jail per balloon.
It's a felony and he'll have his guns taken and the jury will convict. And then they will
pay to keep him in jail for three or four years of the sentence building things for
25 cents an hour and then they'll wonder why they don't have a job. They won't figure it
out because they wanna get hurt. They wanna get hurt bad. It's a religion to be a chump.
It's a religion to get run over. It's a religion to be abused.
It's a religion to have the largest prison population. It's a religion to have an illegal
foreign banking government crushing other countries and crushing us. $85 billion, they're
just running up our debt where it's impossible to pay back, giving it to the IMF and World
Bank, which are part of the Federal Reserve.
Its local name is Federal Reserve. You're a foreign banking takeover arm. You call yourself
the Federal Reserve. I'm convinced hijackers could take over aircraft and put on the captain's
suit and walk out and say, I am the captain. And they could be, I am Habib Ahmed, I am
the captain, even have bombs strapped on them.
And most people on board the plane would kneel. And if the captain ran out in his underwear
and said, no, he's got my uniform. The people on board would attack the clear American,
whether he was black, white, Hispanic, whatever. They would tear him apart and just start bowing,
we love you.
And then they would probably grab hanger days and pull the pins out. Kill me, you're the
government. I mean, it's mass Stockholm syndrome, I'm serious. As long as you just say you're
the government and you're actually scary, they fall before you. Now if you're good and
wholesome and wanna help them, they attack you like piranhas.
If you talk common sense, you're a terrorist. And I have the Southern Poverty Law Center,
one of their new reports right here. Look at this if you're a TV viewer. Look at the
drawing they did of me, where I look like some kind of evil superhero. You guys document
cam on this. I mean, look at that. And they say I'm one of the leading terrorists, ladies
and gentlemen. I am a deadly terror. Look how evil I look, that's hilarious. That is
hilarious.
And there's a new comic book out in the new Avengers, where the red skull is like throwing
some fat redneck down and it's me. Yeah, I look like a mean John Lithgow there. I mean,
this is the type of stuff and the public loves it. They're like, take everything I got. Shoot
my kid up with cancer viruses, it's fine.
Give my baby 50 vaccines, lab a convulsion and die, put me in jail. Thank you for killing
my baby, throw me in jail. They'll apologize when they go to prison. It's like, you want
your bank account taken. You want to die young. You want aspartame in your milk. You want
brain damage. You want it. You got it. I'm talking to new listeners who love the government.
You're right. They're going to rape you hard. You love it. Just make sure you thank the
new world order.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN radio network.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben soap company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at five star soap.com or call 800-340-7091
for a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice
as good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at five star soap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms. But if you don't have a home security
system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When
you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out Simply Safe.
It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to getsimplysafe.com.
Simply Safe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power so even if the grid
goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit, or shed. Getsimplysafe.com. Simply Safe is also
ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes so there's no need to let a stranger
into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever
you go. You aren't always at home but Simply Safe will stand guard protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's getsimplysafe.com. If you're listening,
you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day. If you're listening, you know the
economy is not getting better. You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing. Now is the
time to get prepared. For years, we've told you about our friends at e Foods Direct. They
have the best tasting long-term storable food on the planet. This food will taste just as
great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long-term food supply allows you to freeze
the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most. Be prepared and get your supply
from e Foods Direct. Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars
with free shipping on all food supplies. Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared. Act
now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com slash Alex. Get free shipping on all orders
for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go to efoodsdirect.com slash Alex. You can bet
your life on e Foods Direct. You are obsolete, Mr. Wordsworth. A lie. No man is obsolete.
You have no function, Mr. Wordsworth. You're an anachronism like a ghost from another time.
I am nothing more than a reminder to you that you cannot destroy truth by burning pages.
You're a bug, Mr. Wordsworth. A crawling insect, an ugly misformed little creature who has
no purpose here, no meaning. I am a human being. Words, Mr. Wordsworth, that have no
substance and no dimension, like air, like the wind. I don't care. I tell you, I don't
care. I'm a human being. I exist. And if I speak one thought aloud, that thought lives
even after I'm shoveled in my grave. Delusions, Mr. Wordsworth. Delusions that you inject
into your veins to make you think you have a strength, but you have no strength at all.
You have nothing but spindly limbs and a dream. And the state has no use for your kind. Resistance
to tyrants is obedience to God. It's Alex Jones. And resistance to tyrants is the only
thing that will produce a good, healthy, happy, incredibly wealthy and prosperous society.
And those that win the liberty are always the greatest generation. 1776ers are our real
greatest generation. People that went through the Depression were a great generation compared
to what we've become because they went through hell and that made them stronger. As Victor
Hugo said, adversity makes men, prosperity makes monsters. And it's really true. And
then generations become decadent, they become slobs, and then they don't want to hear about
tyranny. They don't want to hear about corruption. They want to say that doesn't exist and laugh
at those that warn them. And then when you laugh at those that warn you about tyranny,
well pretty soon it grows and grows and grows and then you still have to defend the tyranny
because you don't want to admit you were wrong.
Plus now the tyranny's out in the open and scary. And so you stick your head deeper in
the sand. You run further under the black wings of the New World Order and snuggle up
to its undercoat, begging it for some more government vomit. But now it's not little
chunklets of meat stolen by Mommy Vulture. Now Mommy Vulture's spewing down acid on top
of your little gosling head and it's not gonna be very fun.
So there I go with some bird analogies for everyone. I am Alex Jones, your host. The
websites are prisonplanet.com or streaming video at prisonplanet.tv for subscriber members.
Of course, we're heard on XM 166 over 150 AM and FM stations and have one of the largest
talk radio or if not the largest podcast in the country and in the world with over 600,000
a day downloading it from the listen page at infowars.com.
And of course, you also can sign up for the free newsletter and where we send out news
alerts and the free digital copy of the Infowars magazine at infowars.com forward slash newsletter.
You can also subscribe to get 12 monthly issues of the magazine. You can also sign up there
on the site to not just get the free magazine digitally, but as I said, sometimes newsletters,
special alerts we send out. It's all available at infowars.com forward slash newsletter.
Sign up there to get it all. And also don't forget to support our sponsors. That is what
makes the broadcast possible. And don't forget infowarshealth.com where we've assembled the
very best, just amazing full spectrum vitamins, minerals, cofactors, just the very best stuff
in the world has been assembled there by Dr. Wallach and others.
And we have it discounted and free shipping when you sign up for auto shipping and your
purchase then also supports the broadcast and help get the word out on so many other
fronts so we can also support other activists in the fight for liberty on so many fronts.
It's just a win-win-win chain reaction effect. So be sure and get the very best vitamins
and minerals like Polymers Plus, Beyond Tangy Tangerine and the 300, almost 400 other products
in the product catalog you can find at infowarshealth.com. And also you can call 888-789-9277 to ask any
questions or get any help you need for signing up for auto ship to get the free shipping
or you can sign up to be a distributor in a win-win-win capitalistic situation, that's
very evil nowadays but I want to apologize for it and become a distributor and get even
bigger discounts. It only costs $10 to become a distributor and get those discounts. So
again that's how much it costs to sign up there at infowarshealth.com or infowarsteam.com.
If you're a new customer wanting to sign up to be a distributor or to ask questions, you
can also call 888-789-9277. Don't forget auto ship, free shipping for US customers on auto
ship when you sign up for that.
Okay, let me give the number out because after I cover some more of these headlines, I want
to take a few calls before Rosa Corey gets in here in studio with us and we'll open the
phones up for her as well on your agenda 21 horror stories. Recognizing the threat, recognizing
the enemy operations is half the battle. Recognize it, identify it, demonize it because that's
not hard, you just show what it is, it's demonized. It's the enemy, it's trying to demonize us
because they know we're the antidote.
So demonize them, hit them as hard as you can, expose all their crimes. The only problem
is they're so unbelievable people won't believe it and they will fall. They will fall in any
fight, ladies and gentlemen, don't think about who's winning. I can't tell you how many physical
fights I got in and I'm not a tough guy, but I grew up in Dallas, got in a lot of fights
where some guy be pounded on you and he'd stop after he punched you a few times to see
if you were gonna fall over.
And that was always my opportunity, even if they were faster and tougher than me, that
okay they just let up. Now I'm hurt bad, now I can turn on the good old boy juice and stomp
their butt in the ground. That's the same thing, just stop listening to them. They're
gonna tell you we're powerless, they're gonna tell you we're losing, they're gonna tell
you we're pathetic, they're gonna tell you we're defeated. Just keep swinging, keep swinging
ladies and gentlemen and they will fall.
Their whole new world order will fall because things are about to get a lot worse. And if
you think this radio show has exploded because what we've talked about is coming true, imagine
when more and more comes true. Imagine what's gonna happen when you've talked about this
stuff to your friends, family and neighbors and it starts all coming true.
Now you're gonna be the go to person. I can't tell you how many police officers and how
many federal officers have called into this show or that I've run into personally. I mean
I've run into them when they're protecting famous people, I'll just leave it at that.
Well one time, it's so long ago, I can talk about it, the Bush daughters. Federal Marshals
wanting my autograph and stuff and talking to me about the new world order and all the
rest of it. I mean it just constantly happens.
On average, these are not bad people. They're compartmentalized, they know my show's telling
the truth because they're in the belly of the beast. They are seeing all this stuff
for themselves. I have found it easier to wake up people in the power structure than
the general public.
It's easier to wake up military, it's easier to wake up police. It's easier to wake, and
I'm not kissing up to those groups either. People know I used to be at a fundamental
primitive level attacking all those groups because I saw them as the tentacle of the
enemy I was fighting. Until I realized the tentacle has its own brain and doesn't particularly
like what it's attached to, you understand that?
I've discovered we can turn the tentacles against the system because the tentacles actually
came from America, they've just been hijacked. But to make a long story short, we've heard
the calls where police and military were laughed at 20 years ago, 10 years ago, 5 years ago.
They're not laughed at now, now they're the go-to guys. Now they're the people everybody
was constantly calling up for investment advice, for family advice, for new world order advice
because they heard you talk about it.
I mean, Dr. Paul Craig Roberts has talked about the people he knows in government. But
I mean, take another Roberts, Colonel Craig Roberts, who was on the Tulsa Police Department
head of the SWAT team, also helicopter pilot, worked on the Oklahoma City bombing as a detective.
And he was telling them it was the government exposing all the names, so they put a federal
investigation on him, had all the cops spying on him.
Cops were getting killed as well that were investigating on the Oklahoma City force.
And then now, they all call apologizing and begging to come out to meetings with them
and wanna know all about it. And now that he's retired, but I've heard that story hundreds
of times to be conservative. So it's the same thing with you and your own life.
Educate people now, let them laugh at you. Well, now they're not really laughing. We've
kinda gone past that and be a leader in your area. But let me give you the toll free number.
The toll free number to join us is 800-259-9231, 800-259-9231 to jam in a few calls ahead of
our guest.
I'm kind of going off on a rampage here because I start talking about Stockholm syndrome.
And Stockholm syndrome got that name decades ago from a case in Stockholm, Europe. But
if you study it in history, you see it happen a lot. Where you've got people that are kidnapped,
you've got people that are enslaved.
There are many cases where police bust into some house where they've got three or four
people chained up in a backroom sweatshop who've been prisoners for five, ten years.
And the people will fight the police to protect the enslaver. And that's called the Stockholm
syndrome. Well, you can also get that towards a corrupt government, like North Korea. You
can get mass Stockholm syndrome where people are so scared of a hijacker.
They're so scared of an abuser that they end up groveling to them and convincing themselves
that the person really has their best interest at heart. And it actually happens now. Some
studies back in the 60s and things showed about 25% of people roughly would go under
Stockholm very quickly.
Now it's over 60% revert to Stockholm. Remember the Stanford research program? They had a
few other university programs where they could get graduate students to torture people and
then follow orders to kill them. Believing they were killing people, and they found on
average over 90% would kill if their professor told them to kill.
Well, see, I'm not one of those people. Whenever I talk under my breath and talk to the crew,
people are like, what's he talking about? I tell them I'm hearing bleed over. I don't
know if it's from the network or what it is, but I got clips in my ear.
But sound like bumper music. All right, gotta diagnose that while we're live on the air.
People won't find it later. We've been adding some new stuff to the studio so some of that
stuff can happen.
All right, now continuing here, let's just go to some of your phone calls because I need
to reset. And when you hear talk shows say reset, it means you get so many ideas going
in your mind, so many points that it's really impossible to then pull back and try to cover
it all.
But I just want to get this message out to everybody. Having the Stockholm syndrome,
loving your abusers, giving into it, doing what it says is going to destroy you. And
if you buy into this false reality they're spewing, we're going to have the total implosion
of our society and an authoritarian nightmare that is going to look pale in significance.
I love Obama. I love Obama. I'm dying for Obama. I will kill for Obama.
You will kill for Obama? Yes.
And that is just an example of the type of people that are out there who have their payroll
taxes raised, their whole future destroyed, and they have childlike looks in their eyes.
We could see the videos, the radio listeners, they were just playing. It's just abject three-year-old.
It's like a delusional three-year-old. And they love the delusion. They love the Stockholm
syndrome. They love the lie.
And I've just seen it hundreds and hundreds of times where they're completely childlike.
And they completely buy into anything and everything they're told. And for those of
us that are awake, there's not just those that are in the Stockholm syndrome. There's
also people that are so threatened by it that they're scared deep down so they lie to themselves.
And then they also say that those of us that say we know what's going on, that we're showing
off, that we think we're smarter than they are, ought to send an email to Papa Bowie
of the Howard Stern Show.
Because after I was on Howard Stern, it was such a popular interview, I was driving the
next day listening to a rebroadcast of the After wrap-up show. And he was saying, well,
you know, Alan Jones is an interesting guy, but he thinks he's smarter than other people.
He thinks he knows things and sees things that we don't. And then he's like, I just
don't see the world being that complex and people having it together.
And you know what? You're right. The general public doesn't have it together and things
are falling apart and the average person is in a trance. So you're judging the elitist,
the globalist off of how you see the world and people around you. See, the globalist
are social engineers. They've all written books how they set this up, Bertrand Russell,
countless others.
So I've read all the books they've written, many of the books, Carol Quigley, Tragedy
and Hope, The Anglo-American Establishment by Carol Quigley, The Technotronic Age, Zbigniew
Brzezinski, Club of Rome documents. And we've had people take out of the National Archives,
you know, that's got restricted do not release senators papers about world government and
Bilderberg and, you know, that we publish big breaking stuff.
And then it's not even a big deal. People won't even go read the documents. So see,
I'm covering something. It's like talking about the last Super Bowl. I know who won
the last Super Bowl. I mean, it's not like it's my opinion. I know what happened. It's
like saying there was a power outage at the Super Bowl that happened and like, oh, that's
your opinion.
That was a power outage. And I'm not criticizing him. I want to send him an email and ask to
come on his show and like really walk through some of this stuff, because let me tell you
what Stockholm syndrome is. It's when you're abused and you defend the abuser because it
convinces you that you're in control.
You're not in control. You're chained up. And the psychopaths know how to break you
and control you where they finally know you're broken and where they can take your chains
off and you'll do whatever they say forever. And then you will defend your enslaver because
you're delusional. And what you're afraid of is admitting you were conned, that you
were manipulated.
But the lie begins, that's later. The lie begins by thinking that if you just like this
person that's abusing you and do whatever they want, somehow that will give you power
over it. Delusional people are into playing tricks. And I've noticed losers and failures
always have systems and manipulations they're running and games they're playing.
And they imagine things are like dominoes that are going to fall one into the other
and some master plan. And it's those very people that will deny there's a globalist
master plan, though they're fantasizing about it themselves. But see, the globalist are
building on thousands of years of developed survival of the fittest tyrannies out of the
Roman and then British model that actually do work.
But I've noticed the loser population plays at intrigue, plays at manipulation. And I'm
just getting off into a hall of mirrors here in my own mind, just trying to understand
what the globalist are up to. But really, they have a philosophy of cheat, don't be
for any side, care about no one and then try to manage whatever new crisis there is with
more BS because you're in the positions of power.
That's why societies end up falling under these people, because they lie to themselves.
So if it doesn't make sense at some levels, it's because they're smoking their own dope.
The globalist have their own Stockholm syndrome to what they have released. They have their
own Stockholm syndrome to what they've created. They think they're in control of this. They
think they're the authors of a machine that was started more than 6000 years ago in ancient
tyrannies in Egypt, Babylon, Tyre, then Greece, Rome, the Venetians, the Byzantines, on through
the Middle Ages, the Dark Ages, and then the Renaissance against it.
And we are the Renaissance, those of us that are we are the thinkers, we are the lovers.
We are the people that believe humanity should be empowered. We're the people that want destiny,
that want to taste it, who want to live it, who want to empower, who want to grow, who
want to see people win, and the globalist are cancer.
They're a bunch of greedy, stunted, wicked people who are in control because they're
willing to break the rules like cancer, and they must be routed out. They must be removed.
They must be destroyed.
If you're listening, you know, your basic freedoms are being threatened every day. If
you're listening, you know, the economy is not getting better. You know, gas and food
prices are skyrocketing. Now is the time to get prepared. For years, we've told you about
our friends at e foods direct. They have the best tasting long term storeable food on the
planet. This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long
term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing
you need most. Be prepared and get your supply from e foods direct. Right now is the best
time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give
yourself peace of mind and be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit e foods
direct.com slash Alex get free shipping on all orders for a limited time call 800-409-5633
or go to e foods direct.com slash Alex you can bet your life on e foods direct time and
time again you need to come here and help us we need assistance please those we should
be able to depend on let us down federal and state and local officials saying help is on
the way will the folks here in bell harbor say show me don't depend on the government
to save you take action now so that you're prepared for the next disaster with my patriots
supply.com get the best prices on storeable food non GMO seeds water filtration devices
home canning equipment survival and self reliance books and more at my patriots supply.com call
866-229-0927 we are hurting down here and we need help immediately before it's time
to survive it's time to prepare my patriots supply.com my patriots supply.com is this
the year you finally get serious about your family's drinking water if so keep listening
for a special offer from big berkey water filters did you know that over sixty percent
of municipal water is fluoridated berkey water filters distinguish themselves from many other
filtration systems with the capability to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine fluoride
arsenic and disinfection byproducts from municipal water via the black berkey and PF line of
filters then there's affordability at only one point seven cents per gallon berkey water
filters purified treated and untreated water even stagnant pond water stop and think how
much money you could save by simply reducing buying bottled water and using water filtered
by your berkey water filter no need to be constantly replacing expensive filters with
a berkey a single set of filters can last for five to ten years choose the best size
berkey for your needs at big berkey water filters.com and right now all GCN listeners
get five percent off all ceramic filter systems just call 1-877-99-BERKEY that's 877-99-BERKEY
or visit big berkey water filters.com free shipping on every order over fifty dollars
big berkey water filters for the love of clean water there's a man going around taking names
and he decided alright I'm gonna get into massive hack attacks going on they claim around
the world I believe are false flags driven by the global crime syndicate for a takeover
from South Korea to the United States what's happening with the zero balances for everybody
with JP Morgan Chase bank accounts in the US and their debit cards what really happened
with that a Cyprus crisis deepens German government says along with the EU give us ten percent
out of all your bank accounts or or we'll just shut all the banks and take all your
money oh man I mean it's just the lawlessness because everybody lays down and they're gonna
do this here they're they're moving towards America they're gonna do us last and explain
that to everybody here they've saved the best for last so I just want to impart this to
you groveling and laying down is what empowers these people they always say compromise they
never compromise and I know our hardcore listeners know this but it's time for the whole world
to get serious about what's happening and realize it you know I haven't had a call from
this station in years we had this station as an affiliate like 15 years ago I know they've
got a couple more stations there so I knew we had a am there but a KC XL 100.29 FM so
102.9 in Kansas City Steve in Missouri you're on the air go ahead and thanks for holding
yes it's a it's an honor to talk to you you're you're the catalyst for my waking up many
years back I was calling because I was thinking yesterday about I've wondered for a while
why the Bush regime would would allow the assault weapons ban to expire to begin with
and it made me think of Rumsfeld you know arming the North Korea or Iran and Afghanistan
and all them guys and kind of arming their enemies before they go to war with them it
was just to see what you thought about that well I mean we we've taken back the house
to a great extent some good people and so that was defeated but they're acting like
it's a victory that Feinstein's bills in trouble she'll get that with the next shooting it's
got the end of private sales where you can't give a gun to your grandson or your son or
your daughter and where I can't trade guns with my dad or have him go you know hey your
great uncle died here's his shotgun I mean the reason I've probably got 50 60 guns is
most of them are dead relatives guns I mean a lot of them are and it just ends all that
and then registers everything so they can confiscate them when criminals don't even
follow the laws so we need to beat all these bills we need to get rid of the 68 gun control
act because criminals are going to have guns anyways and they're now creating felonies
sir for a battery you know a double-a battery in your backyards five years in jail by accident
your kids left out there and I find batteries all the time in my yard because you know the
kids play with toys and they fall out I mean and let me tell you I mean I every month I
see some guy arrested for that okay I mean I'm not just saying that I mean balloons a
balloon goes in the air you're going to jail when we launch balloons all the time my kids
love doing it we'll tie something to it I mean it's over and so I say get rid of all
gun control laws everything get rid of it all that's the answer go ahead well the founding
fathers when the Second Amendment was drafted you know citizens I think you made this point
before had cannons there was no there's no you know bigger better armament at the time
than a cannon you know they didn't even cross their mind I believe to take the cannons from
the people you know I believe that yeah we have a right to bear arms and you know hey
last time I checked buddy there are more than 50,000 Barrett semi-auto 50s in America and
hundreds of thousands of bolt-action that yeah you could take airplanes down with them
there's never been a crime with a 50 except one armored car robbed in what the 80s again
again because gun owners are so law-abiding so take all the laws off of us we're good
people it's not that we're just law-abiding if you don't trust the people with guns how
do you trust the government see the government's always far more dangerous and I know you know
that brother all right George we're gonna he's a prison planet TV viewer right now subscriber
and come back to him and then Casey and then any others that are patiently holding stay
with us this is GCN the Genesis communications radio network I had tried everything I'd cut
back the amount of food I was eating I was lifting weights and jogging but nothing was
working my body was literally starving for minerals and trace elements as well as key
vitamins and as soon as I had that I immediately could eat half of what I was eating previously
and be satisfied now there are hundreds of great products at info wars team calm but
I want to point out the three that have helped me lose 37 pounds in just two months products
like beyond tangy tangerine pollen burst and rebound when I started taking the tangy tangerine
and other products every day I lost more than 37 pounds in just two months now that's results
I want to challenge my listeners to go to info wars team calm and to order just three
of their products and you will see the changes in the way you look feel and in your appetite
almost immediately start your journey to health and wellness today info wars team calm waging
war on corruption Alex Jones on the GCN radio big brother mainstream media government cover-ups
you want answers well so does he he's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network and now live
from Austin Texas Alex Jones Rosa Corey has got very important breaking news on the globalist
crime syndicates political mafia offensive in the United States and those aren't verbal
flourishes right there that you just heard that is exactly what we are facing so she's
going to be joining us with big breaking news the Empire striking back their counter offensive
right now let's go to George in New Jersey you're on the air sir afternoon to you Alex
how are you I'm fine sir thank you for calling real quick I wanted to pass along some information
regarding the 11 year old who had the health and human services or welfare caseworker show
up and the police officers visited his home last Friday because of a photo of a 22 caliber
copy of an AR on Facebook and the police demanded to actually look in the homeowners gun safe
I sent a link to a current for you so you could pull that up probably from your website
at this point what was the headline I'll pull it up family says New Jersey overreacted the
boy's gun photo that was on the daily journal our local newspaper oh yeah I have it I have
it so his parents his parents legally have what a lot of kids have it looks like an ar-15
but it's a 22 we were just out shooting those with the kids the other day this is a great
trainer gun for him and they demanded to come and use that I guess without a warrant is
the issue because I see that in the news for that it's like they had no warrant whatsoever
they just showed up unannounced and well by the way it talks about the camouflage clad
child I don't always go with fads I only go with a style if it's in and I always love
to go hunting and hanging out because I love to wear camouflage and you know it's just
fun kind of like being a big kid I'm wearing camo today might wear camo every couple weeks
I got a couple shirts that are camo I got a duck hunting you know thing I got decades
ago I've worn before on air but the point is is that it's fun and they describe him
as it's very frightening I just saw the article you know he had camo on and a gun let's put
the evil photo back up and you know this is like kids getting kicked out of school because
a pastry looks like a gun there's no law but they do it to just create this idea of total
hysteria to demonize it I totally agree with you I do have a nephew also who has a son
who was suspended for three days in New Jersey for pointing his finger in the shape of a
gun he is a third grader in the city of Vineland here oh yeah all the video games all the Avenger
movies guns guns guns all kids always play with guns we used to take our toy guns to
school my dad took his real guns to school to go shooting after school now again pointing
your finger that's how they're going to ban the guns is the kids are going to be so neurotic
growing up that that that just pointing a finger is enough to go to a FEMA camp I actually
I'm an electronics tech and I actually did some work putting cameras in school buses
I did win a contract for doing that for our local public schools anyway very Orwellian
there's a photo that goes above the camera and it's literally right out of 1984 it's
a picture of a gentleman's eyes just staring at everybody in the bus you ever notice those
photos with eyes no matter where you move they see me always look at you know same thing
was done five years ago six years ago in London they put up big signs saying you are now safe
under the eyes of Big Brother and shows a giant eye in the sky beaming the bus and that
was the ad for the bus cameras and they're saying no Big Brother is good and in Stockholm
syndrome they're now literally using 1984 as an owner's manual it's now an instruction
manual we're talking kindergarten students here who are getting subjected to this sort
of nonsense well it's not but again we call it nonsense and I call it that because like
this is nonsense it's not it's hardcore brainwashing reeducation camp the public schools are the
equivalent of Soviet reeducation centers yeah they force the kids on drugs force them on
shots feed them horrible bad food mommy and daddy can't pack lunches the kids write reports
on what mommy and daddy are doing and they they're there to hurt your child and put them
on Ritalin and Prozac you may not have the average teacher who's bad but the system is
globalist UN Gena 21 UNESCO treaty run and I mean I the head of handgun control incorporated
many years ago in the local paper said Alex Jones will fail because I caught stuff going
on at the Capitol we've got your kids they said we have your kids introducing pro wine
all of your filtration in one system portable on the go no more do you have two or three
filters to just reduce sodium fluoride you have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride
and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated
white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy
metals all in one filter element it is the only one that does it and out of the gates
we have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water this is the only system that in
one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides herbicides chloramines ammonia and chlorine
hydrofluorosolic acid the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter
brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate get your pro pure with a new pro one filter today at
info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139 devastating events like earthquakes tornadoes
floods hurricanes or the threat of martial law have highlighted the need for Americans
to prepare for emergencies as a result millions are stockpiling food gold and weapons but
how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill supernatural silver
is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency supernatural silver is a
natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria viruses moles and fungus
and is remarkable for wound care taken internally or used topically it can help keep you safe
from deadly pathogens supernatural silver has over 500 different uses and a long term
shelf life making it the number one choice of preppers across the country to find out
how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared go to supernatural silver.com
use the promo code prepared for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the cow
bend soap company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at five star soap.com or call 800-340-7091
for a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice
as good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soap for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at five star soap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Big brother, mainstream media, government cover
ups. You want answers? Well, so does he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network. And now
live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones. Again, ladies and gentlemen, I'm your host, Alex
Jones. It is the 20th day of March 2013 on this Wednesday edition. We are now into the
second hour. Thank you so much for joining us. Now the EU global control banks are telling
Cyprus that, hey, we would major shut your bank accounts completely down.
That's being reported by NBC World News. But it's in the fine print, it says Cyprus crisis
deepens, bailout rejected, banks may not reopen. And then you read later, well, we'll just
never let you have any of your money. We'll just shut them down. And the banks are closed
right now. They're supposedly gonna reopen on Friday, but now they're saying maybe never
if you don't do what we say. And then you had Chase JP Morgan customers yesterday evening
for two and a half hours or the day before yesterday shows zero.
People couldn't buy stuff, they couldn't do things. And I think that something suspicious
there like to do flash trading. There's tens of billions of dollars of deposits, even more
than that. Imagine two and a half hours that money being able to be used from the things
moved into other things. I think it's very suspicious. I've talked to IT people and they
have all those systems backed up.
You wouldn't have everybody's card go to zero. If there's sun spots or something and a satellite's
down, not even all the gas stations go down. And it says your card doesn't work, it doesn't
give you the data of zero. So I've talked to some IT people and they say it's very,
very, very suspicious cuz those systems are all backed up.
The banking thing is not on one server or one group of servers. And there's been supposed
to hack attacks against South Korea, they say by North Korea. Obama, of course, is going
to Israel and others and supposed nerve gas attacks in Syria. They're trying to blame
on the government there. A year ago, we told you look for a false flag on that front.
That is just some of what we're gonna be covering. But what about this report? Attorney says
prosecution of abortionists who snap newborn babies next is racist. House of Horrors doctor
charged with killing children that already been born. The point is, is that this is the
new thing.
You don't want government run health care? You're a racist. Don't want to turn your guns
in, you're racist. If you don't like the weather, it must be. Having any opinion is racist because
the abortion doctor is a black guy. And of course, most of the babies are black. I mean,
it has nothing to do with it.
I mean, they prosecuted white and Asian doctors before. That's on record for doing post partial
birth. It's a horrible subject to have to get into. It's just that article's up at info
wars.com. And Alveda King, the niece of Dr. Martin Luther King, goes into how this is
always the tactic that they use.
We'll be covering some of that in the next hour after our guest leaves us. We've also
got more and more forced drugging of people to make them tell the truth at trial. The
case of James Holmes, who was already under weird government psychiatric control. Now
they want to drug him so he behaves himself and tells the truth that he did it.
I mean, whoa. And the drugs they're giving him will make you say whatever you're told.
I mean, this is like mind control. Dr. Mingle of stuff out in the open. I want to get John
Rappaport on about that. I've been talking about this for a week since they announced
it. Now they're going ahead with the drugging. Unprecedented. Also, England is moving to
ban open blogging, anonymous blogging as part of their takeover of the press.
They already have D notices to shut things down. That's in the news. That's the one in
Guardian, you name it, saying it's tyranny. I mean, this is all happening all over the
world. And this is what even CNET News said Obama's cybersecurity plan that has John McCain
support bipartisan would do. Chinese style net censorship, that's the quote.
I mean, it is happening here. Stop saying it can't happen here. Now, we are joined for
the balance of the hour and perhaps a little bit into the next hour to take your calls
behind the green mask. UN of Gen 21, Rosa Corey, the best short primer at only 170 something
pages long or 169 pages long.
Great piece to break down how it works, how they do it. And she's real to the point, focused,
well researched, everything she talks about. Cuz I've been on this for 17 years, Gen 21.
Right after it happened 20 years ago, I've been covering it on air for almost 18. I can
tell you, this lady knows her stuff and focuses on it full time, so knows more than I do,
because she specializes in it.
She's on it right now. And I said, what's the latest? They're counter offensive of disinformation,
a new hoax saying there is no agenda 21 or it's a loving thing. They're in run down,
we're gonna go over all of it and just how big this is. But listen, under UNESCO, set
up by the transhumanist who wasn't really a transhumanist, he founded it, a eugenicist,
Aldous Huxley's brother, Julian Huxley, on record, set it up to take over the planet.
It runs your toilet, how big it can be, your light bulbs, what type, cigarette bans, plastic
bag bans, all these things that sound reasonable, they admit were to set the precedent, so they're
in control.
This is global zoning, and then it's we're gonna shut down your power plants, we're not
gonna let you build, we're gonna tear up your roads. And the good news is, we're countering
them everywhere, but they are now counter offensing. They're now in a counter offensive
and people don't understand it, it's who wants it most.
They're always gonna come back, we've got to come back. And it's fun to fight them,
it's not like, guys, they're coming back again. It's fun, you're meant to go to city council
or the state house and route them. And a lady who's traveling all over the country and who
is on fire is Rosa Corey, again, her book, discounted, ready for you to give your entire
county commissioners, your city council, your state house.
For those of you that wanna be able to keep our free market system and prosperity, you
better support us and Rosa and yourself and buy a hundred of these. And don't just give
them to your city council, your county commissioners, give them to your pastors, give them to opinion
makers.
Because you in America brainwashes all the best and brightest college students, high
school students, they recruit them. My first film covers this and shows it, that's how
they take over. We have to mimic their tactics, but we use the truth, they use lies. And so
Rosa Corey joins us in studio and it's the postsustainabilityinstitute.org is one place
to visit.
Her also Democrats Against Agenda 21. I am fired up to have you here, Rosa, to give us
the state of the war with the UN and the private mega banks that created it and are imploding
the planet with it. Thank you for joining us.
I'm so glad to be with you. It's really great to be here.
It's fantastic to have you. So I mean, start rolling with what you were telling me out
there. The latest breaking info, they're counter offensive.
Well, you know, obviously they're completely shocked. They're back on their heels because
here we are, you know, people are recognizing that this is something that they want to fight.
And when you're out there and you're, you know, you're at your city council meeting
or you're, you know, you're, you're visiting, you know, some planning commission meeting
or you're at your kid's school and you're talking about what's going on, you really
want to understand the big picture.
And so this is obviously there's a lot of disinformation going on to fight us. And there
are people right on the ground, right in your neighborhood that are out there working against
you. So you want to be aware. And one thing that's going on, this is sort of funny in
a way, is the United Nations Association, UNAUSA, their executive director has just
written an open letter to the legislators of like nine states. And these are the states
that are actually launching legislation to fight Agenda 21, saying that we do not want
to have anything to do with Agenda 21. And this guy, I posted this on my blog so that
people can see it. It's actually a propaganda letter to the legislators saying, hey, you
know, there's nothing to worry about here. You know, hey, basically, why are you wasting
our time? Why are you wasting precious legislative time on this non-binding agreement?
And the truth is that it is in every single piece of legislation. It is in federal, state
and local.
And we're showing this now from UNAUSA.org. Right when you said it, we punched it up.
It's on the front of their site. A foreign globalist corporate group is literally here
trying to block us at the legislatures, blocking them. And the Southern Poverty Law Center
is coming out with reports saying anyone that talks about it is a terrorist. And get this,
The L.A. Times said it does not exist, Rosa. So that's how dumb they think their readers
are. It doesn't exist, Rosa, but their organization is here fighting us.
Right. It's funny because it's all over the Los Angeles general plan. You know, I mean,
literally it is in plan for every city in the United States. It's in all of your plans,
all of your schools. It's in common core. You'll see it throughout your your legislative
documents. And this is the reality, even though it's a yes, it was a non-binding document.
Yes, it's 20 years old, but it was implemented in the United States through the president.
But explain when you sign off on it, HUD and all the agencies then bring you taxpayer money.
They finance it.
Definitely. Yes, because this is what they do. They impoverished the cities. The cities
are crashed. The economy has collapsed. The cities are desperate for money. They're like,
please give us some money. And the feds say, hey, sure, we'll give you the Partnership
for Sustainable Communities funds. You'll get grants if you put smart growth in every
part of your center.
And they tell all the top college people, all the top executives at companies, all the
top kids in high school, we're going to pay for you to be flown to New York. We're going
to make you part of the U.N. And that's how they've got basically everybody. They tell
Miss USA you will not win unless you thank the U.N.
That's right. U.N. USA is a date actually create mock summits that they put on at at
schools at high schools and colleges where they train you in Agenda 21. Meanwhile, of
course, it doesn't exist. Right. Meanwhile, people are being trained in it. They are being
planners. They're actually being propagandized to to talk to elected officials and planning
departments and say, hey, Agenda 21 is nothing to worry about.
This is a huge disinformation campaign, but we are fighting it all across the world.
And by the way, my film, America Destroyed by Design, that I shot in 96, put out in 2000,
that I shot in 96, put out in 1997. I'm going to show for TV viewers clips of that where
I went to model you in at the University of Texas with the high school kids were open
communism was being taught.
Yeah, I mean, they were openly. But but again, this corporate communism. Go ahead. Yeah,
it's a corporate togracy. This is, you know, check it out. What globalization really is
is the standardization of systems. It's creating total uniformity. Right. So that all systems
are brought into uniformity, into heart. They call it harmonizing harmonization. And so
that means what is corporation? What does a corporation want? They want open borders.
They want no regulation and they want low wage workers. They want large markets that
they can sell their goods in. This is what globalization is all about. It makes you part
of the standardized world. And this is taking all of your information and creating a web
of it. So you're blind, but they can see everything, everything controlled by a giant global authoritarian
technocracy. Rosa Corey, author behind the green mask more with her on the other side.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system,
and you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection, when you're sleeping
or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out simply safe. It's a new
do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to get simply safe
calm, simply safe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power. So even if
the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable. So you can use it
in your home business boat trailer storage unit or shed get simply safe calm. Simply
safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes. So there's no
need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take
the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home, but simply safe will stand
guard protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's get
simply safe calm. Hey there, my name is Frank Bates. Do you know the number one most valuable
item in a crisis? Some people think the answer is gold. Others think it's a gun, but the
correct answer will shock you. I just created a free video at crisis123.com that reveals
a surprising item that is more valuable than gold in a crisis. 97% of Americans don't have
this one critical item. In fact, they haven't even given it a thought. And the sad truth
is that you may not survive without it when a real crisis hits and a starving mob is right
outside your door. But I have to tell you could literally make the difference between
life and death for you and your family. Watch my video at crisis123.com to discover the
number one most valuable item in a crisis. You'll be shocked. See the controversial video
that thousands of other smart patriots have already seen in the last three months. Go
watch my video now at crisis123.com before they force me to shut it down. Again, that's
crisis123.com. Now there's an amazing new natural antibiotic every person must have.
It's cells alive silver solution and it destroys over 650 hard to kill viruses, fungus, bacteria
and much more. Cells alive silver solution has no expiration date, is great for emergency
kits and storage shelters and comes in eight or 16 ounce bottles. Order today at 888-910-4367
or visit hempusa.org hempusa.org 100% chemical free superfoods and unique health products.
We the people grow cotton, we fabric engraving embed strips and fibers to protect from counterfeit
and carting to a private bank having a lead back at interest forcing taxes to service
debt this capitalism or was Jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing the public
currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than a standing army. Hi Ted
Anderson I'm placing a free silver dollar in a book that explains our monetary system
call for your copy 800-686-2237. It's time to understand the system call 800-686-2237
that's 800-686-2237. Digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins
that bears repeating. Digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins
and Pro-EM-1 daily probiotic cleanse is the key to digestive health. Pro-EM-1 is a powerful
liquid probiotic strong enough to cleanse gentle enough to use every day. Pro-EM-1 is
dairy wheat and soy free contains all natural and certified organic ingredients contains
no preservatives or animal products supports a healthy digestive and immune system supports
weight loss improves absorption of food nutrients aids in controlling yeast infections is never
freeze dried and uses three groups of live viable beneficial microbes to cleanse and
remove toxins. Order Pro-EM-1 daily probiotic cleanse at Tereganics.com spelled T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X.com
Tereganics.com or call toll free 866-369-3678 that's 866-369-3678. Pro-EM-1 the raw probiotic.
Sunday through Friday 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Central we're here live on the radio. Of course we
have Infowars Nightly News 7 o'clock every evening at InfowarsNews.com and we're getting
ready to put it up on the satellites and syndicate it very soon. There's already quite a few
cable systems including in England that downloaded each night near it the next day and some cable
systems that also play it here in the United States so that's pretty exciting. But again
thank you for joining us. Rosa Corey anti New World Order pro-liberty activist who ran
into these people in California getting in the way of what she was doing that's how she
discovered what they were up to because of her training as a forensic commercial real
estate appraiser specializing in eminent domain valuation and a lot more. And for TV viewers
I'm gonna roll some of an online version it's better on the DVD that we obviously sell of
America Destroyed by Design of where I went to a model UN meeting that's just part of
the two-hour film because I mean they are brainwashing the children right now while
saying to the adults this doesn't exist they're telling your kids all their guns need to be
turned in saying bang bang with a you know their fingers they can be thrown out they're
giant reeducation centers that's not a figure of speech and you've also got what their futurists
are pushing for how they intend to impoverish everybody so Rosa Corey start out with what
you were talking about with the education.
Basically what we're looking at is schools are not about teaching you information there
this is this is really a behavioral modification program this is about changing people's behaviors
and so children are being indoctrinated from the time that they're in pre-kindergarten
all the way to post through postgraduate school and you know taught that basically they're
killing the planet and that it's their responsibility to save it so to create that kind of stress
in a child of course you can imagine what kind of stress that is and also standardization
of systems then is required in elementary schools all the way through postgraduate where
kids are being told that they have to learn a certain way and certain things and that
and they will be tested we're looking at people who are actually being tested on their mental
health this is really what's going on in schools this is how people are being evaluated mental
health evaluations you'll see these happiness surveys and this is all about you know.
And that's new freedom it's the new prison is to get you in the criminal justice or mental
system right and of course you know prisons are the great public private partnerships
they get a lot of money for prisons there's restrictions on on how people are moved through
the system on what you can do in the prisons or giant re-education camps absolutely and
so are schools you know because hey you can't not go to school if you don't want to even
the homeschooling you know if you're using curriculum from you know that standardized
curriculum you are actually training your children in the new world order this is what
this is.
And they make you do that they're not accredited and exactly my kids are homeschooled and most
of the big materials out there it's all Michelle Obama says this.
Yeah and of course you know you'll see that in I mean this is so pervasive don't allow
this to you know to to stymie you don't be paralyzed by it because we are fighting back
of course all over the world and you're not going to see it in the mainstream press because
that's also huge corporate ownership in the mainstream press so they're still putting
out the disinformation that oh no this stuff doesn't really exist and this is just a figment
of your fantasy tinfoil hat head right but the reality is is that yes we are really fighting
back all over the world and you know something that's happening is that kids are being taught
there is no such thing as objective reality that you cannot know what is real and something
like that is so evil to do to a child to in fact change mathematics so that it doesn't
have the certainty that it should have and instead while it's your it's your opinion
no they've just joined it I've interviewed the former head of education they were there
to dumb them down yes I mean it's there to screw them up the test scores aren't dropping
by accident no it's reinventing they are so-called reinventing mathematics and you know Charlotte
Isherby she is fabulous of course I know you've interviewed her she has a conference that's
about to come out on DVD a phenomenal conference of educators that is going to be talking about
the reality about what is happening now in the school systems because when people are
subjected to this kind of disinformation as young children they are lost to us you know
those of us who are older need to pull in and restrict the implement the implementation
of this plan on our children and of course we're seeing this the futurists you know you're
talking about futurists futurists are out there you know especially in Silicon Valley
you're being told that you know the technocracy is so powerful that it's actually crafting
new government and the city-state will now rise as the most powerful government so we're
looking at the restrictions on on representative government that are going to come longer and
longer and stronger and stronger until we are literally pushed into these city-state
mega regions and have no representational no influence on what happens to our government
and how do they push you in well it's fabulous how this is a brilliant plan honestly a brilliant
plan because what they're doing is they're moving people out of suburban and rural areas
through funding mechanisms where they push smart growth which is high-density development
on the city centers and then kill the suburbs and the rural areas with restrictions on on
water on development on police they charge you more for your electricity everything we're
going to come right back and break down how they plan to put us in their concentration
camp cities we're on the march the empire's on the run Alex Jones and the GCN radio network
you prepare by purchasing gold food and firearms but if you don't have a home security system
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection when you're sleeping
or away from home who's watching out for intruders check out simply safe it's a new do-it-yourself
home security system that is completely wireless go to get simply safe com simply safe is independent
and off the grid it runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down you're protected
it's completely customizable so you can use it in your home business boat trailer storage
unit or shed get simply safe com simply safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself
in under 20 minutes so there's no need to let a stranger into your home if you move
or need to relocate you can take the system with you wherever you go you aren't always
at home but simply safe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day seven days a
week again that's get simply safe com if you're listening you know your basic freedoms are
being threatened every day if you're listening you know the economy is not getting better
you know gas and food prices are skyrocketing now is the time to get prepared for years
we've told you about our friends at e-foods direct they have the best tasting long-term
storeable food on the planet this food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it
does tonight a long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability
of the one thing you need most be prepared and get your supply from e-foods direct right
now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on
all food supplies give yourself peace of mind and be prepared act now and call eight hundred
four zero nine five six three three or visit e-foods direct dot com slash alex get free
shipping on all orders for a limited time call eight hundred four zero nine five six
three three or go to e-foods direct dot com slash alex you can bet your life on e-foods
direct now that we have moved into the winter season there is an increased need to support
our immunity and health at silver lungs we are committed to meeting your needs by providing
a full selection of silver based products our most popular silver based products are
the 32 ounce nano silver solutions our two ounce nano silver nasal applicators as well
as our all-natural silver soaps just released is our 100 natural silver gel our new silver
gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents which quickly evaporate and leave the silver
at the surface but rather we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing
chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the
silver more effectively visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver
based products are best for you that's www.silverlungs.com there's a need for a new world order but
worldwide it's alex jones we're going back to really an amazing person rosa cory i admire
people that are already successful in their own life their own business and then get run
over by tyranny and stand up and fight it and she has just reached millions and millions
and millions of people and reached hundreds of counties and cities and traveled all over
she's an example of what you can do even on a small level to fight these people and they
always act like they can't be beaten they always laugh and say yeah there's nothing
going on there's nothing happening that's just a stalling tactic and it's not working
anymore we're gonna go back to her in a moment i'm gonna ask her how she thinks they're going
to handle that but first off let's look at drudgereport.com infowars.com has some of
this reporting but really the up to the minute minute by minute updating is at drudgereport.com
on obama in israel obama faces battle to woo israeli public global cooling bethlehem rioters
set fire to picture of obama white house map erases jerusalem obama netanyahu trade banter
as they tread a new red line saying you know they've got to attack syria that they've set
up i mean it's an act that they're fighting with each other ladies and gentlemen that's
all for public consumption shadow war rages his limo breaks down what is this north korea
and it just goes on and on and i was looking at the other headlines where the head of the
imf who said that you know european she works six seven days a week but she's exempt from
the taxes uh how do you pronounce her name i always say lagran but it's a laguard the
point is is that the police have raided her they raided sarcoza they raid everybody i
mean it's just all a bunch of crooks and and and you know the last guy that was the head
of the imf of course uh you know what he was doing supposedly in a hotel room but that
was a setup and then uh sarcozy put out tweaks before he'd even been arrested showing that
he was running the whole thing i mean it just seems to never end how crazy all of this is
and feinstein on reed dropping gun man major betrayal of trust i mean this is all a scam
i'm acting like they've been beaten they have the bill now out of the senate committees
to register all your guns and ban gun shows and not let you give a gun to your dad or
your son or your brother uh so they can then confiscate them all by the way i've never
asked you your opinion your view on the second amendment because even if people can see there's
problems with guns sometimes once a lot of liberals and i know you've been a democrat
uh democrats against 1021 once they see the real tyranny they go oh now i know why there's
the second amendment i'm not condescending because i don't really know your uh your view
on it but i mean so many democrats i know just think of it as a prerequisite to be a
liberal that you're anti-gun i think thomas jefferson was broken and he's pretty you know
really about as liberal as it gets what is your view on the second amendment rosa cory
well i had my own guns from the time i was nine years old my dad took me to the range
and uh and uh i support the second amendment i think it's important that we uh that we
do uh have an opportunity to defend ourselves that government that we have is there to defend
our individual rights that's the only reason to have a government when your government
becomes uh communitarian government such as the one that we have that we're morphing into
um we need to rethink how we what our relationship to our government is and i think the second
amendment is very important and i support it absolutely and i mean that's really the
litmus test for people out there uh even if you don't like guns you need to understand
the power structure wants to disarm you the un has its treaty right now to disarm the
general population that is their that is their admitted goal uh rosa a plug for the book
you know i sell it at infowars.com and infowarsstore.com of course you wrote it you sell it at your
site however people get it whether it's on amazon you name it they need to get it and
and who do they give it to because my listeners know all this stuff they've checked it out
most of them they can always learn something from the book but this is a tool who do you
recommend we give this to you know it's a cool thing that you just asked me that because
i just got an order from a woman who's a representative a state legislator in washington state she
just arranged to have 147 books which is the number of legislators they have sent to all
the legislators in washington state and the books gone out to every sheriff in california
someone did a sheriff's project and they're working in other states it's very important
that people understand what this is this is a big picture book because uh you know agenda
21 yes it is an old document it is being implemented all across the united states and the world
so people need to see what it looks like because it's not called agenda 21 you know right here
in texas i mean you've got many different names for it you're going to see the smart
growth new hampshire they call it granite state future it's uh sustainable communities
partnerships i mean very many names for it you'll never see it as agenda 21 you need
to be able to recognize it and that's one reason why when legislators uh you know start
to make bans against agenda 21 it's very important that people understand what they're looking
at because you can have a state law in place but if you don't know that that state law
applies to your general plan that you've just passed there in your small town in bass drop
texas or whatever you know if you don't understand that then you're not going to know that there's
actually a state legislation against what's happening in your town well i mean to explain
what it is people that don't know the very banks bankrupting and imploding europe by
design at the end of world war ii england and the united states had won but the robber
barons had won not really america they've beaten one tyranny replace it with another
they created the u.n as a global government model on record to take over the world and
create collectivism to secure the elites control so a fake kind of leftism and and also take
over the right and that's what it is and that's what they're doing now now you got interrupted
by the break a while back describe how they're going to force people out of the rural areas
because when they say sustainable they mean the opposite of sustainability because there's
a lot of stuff that's good that's called sustainable but but that's not they're sustainable so
explain what their master plan is how they're counter striking what the world will look
like if they succeed yeah what's unsustainable you know according to the u.n it's private
vehicles private single-family homes meat eating and here we are in texas hope you like
your barbecue right and uh air conditioning um these are things that are considered to
be unsustainable in the world and so when you're out there now think about this you
say nobody's coming to get me in my rural you know i've got my spread out there you
nobody's coming out there to get me but the way that it happens is that you get charged
vehicle miles travel taxes for your car so if you're traveling a long distance property
taxes your tax they tear up your road no water they shut off the local power plant you're
going to have metering on your private wells you're going to have restrictions your roads
and in my county in sonoma county california they're destroying county roads because they
say there's not enough money because federal money goes to pave roads that are in urbanized
area they actually destroy the roads they're destroying we're not going to leave it for
you we're going to we're going to destroy it they're turning them to gravel because
they say they're not going to be able to maintain them and this is like over a thousand miles
of roads that they're planning to do this to so this is how it happens you see it's
not they close your rural roads and your suburban schools uh you're you know they close you
out of the uh of the areas that you've been living in and then uh they they don't maintain
the infrastructure so when people move out of there there's not enough property and australia
is about five years ahead of us they're doing that they're in earnest oh australia is is
terrible i mean obviously people are really dealing with it all across the world this
is not just a united states thing i was interviewed on red ice radio which is based in northern
europe and you know they they were under the impression that this is some kind of a united
states program no it is not ichli the international council on local environmental initiatives
is everywhere they say they uh germany by 2020 it's now law has banned single home dwellings
and has put taxes on it to penalize you they're not talking about a one-child policy in europe
when europe's already dying yeah i mean we're looking at towns like freiburg uh germany
which is considered to be the sort of poster child for new urbanism uh high density development
where they've removed the roads and literally there are no roads there you've got little
bicycle paths and if you you know i i don't know where at where they go when it snows
but uh you know people are being restricted in how they live this is social engineering
it's behavioral modification and this is very important to know because you are being indoctrinated
all the time through the press through your schools through your place of business through
your uh your entire system and it all sounds good because once they get you to accept okay
we'll use less water now they're going to say this this and that let me punch this up
it was covered by cbs news last week the man for releasing a couple of heart-shaped balloons
is facing five years in jail for each crime of damaging the environment and uh they have
arrested him the state police did because they saw the balloons being released uh the
third degree felony at least five years in jail per balloon 40 year old man no criminal
record uh again in australia battery on the ground your kid drops five years in jail the
green police the outie commercial they're arresting everybody they later admitted no
that's what we're going to do the san francisco mayor bragg no that was produced here that's
part of behavior modification they admit it's brainwashing yeah more things are going to
be crime and this is you know you want to see what it's looking like what it's going
to look like this is artificial scarcity it's restriction on your use on your ability to
live free it's making more things crime so that you know pretty soon like i was afraid
to go to singapore i thought geez i know i'm going to do something that's against the law
this is the city state the rise of the city state the mega region where literally you
are being restricted in how you live and this is what agenda 21 is about they admit and
this is in the austin market statesman that they've doubled the power prices the last
five years they're going to double again but the government district and what is seen as
the managing district the downtown and terrytown is exempt from power outages and the power
increases and they said but all of you outside the city that live wrong you're penalized
there it is yeah the grid is really all about austin is a model un city yes this is you
know this is really what it's about this the entire system is set up like this where the
grid is part of it smart growth smart meters all these smart things don't trust this smart
stuff because what this is is a restriction artificial scarcity a movement away from the
way that you've been living and monitoring on every aspect of your life this is domestic
surveillance we're looking at national defense authorization act we're looking at uh... drones
we're looking at the way that you are literally being surveilled how about 23 and me where
uh... you're gonna spit into a cup and give them your dna and this is google owned by
google you don't you literally won't own your own genes to the human genome has been mapped
and you don't own your own they've been taking blood for forty one years in all industrialized
nations for a u n database that they just now admitted they have and google is all part
of it look at this from the sun sentinel after watching the romantic gesture the florida
highway patrol trooper who uh... instead noted probable cause for an environmental crime
bransville was charged with polluting to harm humans animals plants except out of the florida
air and water pollution control act and he again is facing five years per count per balloon
and their but they're gonna probably end up in jail yeah i wonder if that you know this
was uh... to propose to his girlfriend rights are they gonna let me have conjugal physics
interest unbelievable i mean that's what i mean that they're hiring cops now that literally
i mean if they get off on hurting innocent people you know heavy if you look at the way
police are police officers first of all are terrified you know they're at they're out
there uh... suited up like that because they are afraid of us and why are they afraid because
they are creating you know when you've got police officers in public meetings when they
come in and they ring the walls of a public meeting because you might say something because
you're being delphi and you don't like it you know this is that describe what we've
had our guys thrown out of meetings being polite where they say they're public but as
soon as we ask questions they walk over and follow a playbook and then go you're causing
a problem get out of here officers i want them out yeah you know i've been chased down
an aisle while i was holding a mic and i said what are you going to arrest me because i'm
saying something this is the way it's going now in fact i've got on my blog right now
on democrats against u.n. agenda 21 i've got a post from new hampshire where these people
went into a new hampshire meeting and they anti-delphi'd it all they did was literally
just talk about what was going on we've got the sign up what do we punch up and we'll
go to it let's see go to the way we see it our blog the way we see it yeah click on that
and uh... it's a new hampshire listens project from granite state and that means delphi we're
gonna do what we want explain delphi well delphi is uh... is a rand corporation mind
control technique being used by the american plan and they admit that you're not just saying
mind control no no this is mind control yeah yeah that's the purpose of it this was that
what it's about is to bring groups of people to a pre-determined outcome while giving them
the uh... the idea that it was you know giving them the oppression false synthesis it's all
your idea you know oh yeah we love your thoughts we want to hear what you think but meanwhile
if you don't agree don't show up these people were accused of crashing a public meeting
can you believe that you don't crash a public meeting when you're the public but because
they were new hampshire tea party people they're considered to be a special interest and they're
not and they're crashing oh yeah they're the terrorists yeah they're and that's they're
not a stakeholder no only stakeholder groups are allowed that's right and you're you know
none of us are stakeholders and that's what's really a mind-blower is that they go in way
years in advance two thousand and two you know for a two thousand and twelve program
they go in ten years early and they identify oh listen we we've run into it in east texas
with our property oh sure they have local operatives who move in have a grant act like
a local yeah a lot of times they're a retired colonel you name it yeah and they run psyops
and go i won't report you for that barn if you work with me to shut down the coal mine
and i mean it's like mafia yeah i've seen this you know alex i do travel all over the
united states and i have been told in many many states you know people come up to me
you know people have organized meetings and they say listen you know we had people move
into our town they only came in they they rented an apartment they only came in for
a meeting and they flew out of town no no we've got them over here where the mayors
get the money in these towns and then bring in actual un people yes we have i have that
in my own town you know people who came in to psyop against me and you know you you sound
crazy when you talk and what's incredible i wanted to talk about that because now that
it's coming out it's real and people go wait there's actual you know these are mercenary
soldiers posing as liberals that's their camo yeah and once you corner them i've even had
them threaten me and stuff they know they're officers yeah they know they're commandos
i mean these are actual like cia agents basically infiltrating america yeah you know in my book
i talk about this guy who was in our town who was a united nations diplomat who moved
into our town into a dinky little house in our town he'd been living in a state in greece
right he was into a little town into our little town onto a little street and then what did
he do he set up a neighborhood association and a neighborhood alliance this is what they
do they enter in so they can create uh political they can create public consent swartzenegger
admitted when we've destroyed their kopenhagen takeover four years ago he said we will move
into the towns and cities he said i will coordinate the operation that's quotes i mean i mean
that the forces will move in they'll not stop us i mean it's so obvious arrest them all
i'm sorry go ahead it's treason man and the thing is you know what don't let this paralyze
you there are way more of us than there are oh no no it should it should energize you
let me show you something this is check this out this is on our website take a look at
this okay these are flyers you can go to our website go to the flyer page print these out
six blocks you can print a two-sided flyer a hundred of them print them out and put them
on people's doorsteps you want to spread the information hey go to church that's what we
do with the bumper stickers all of it get aggressive get motivated stomp goblet's butt
yes that's it and when you do this you know people first of all people can't argue with
you because you put it on their porch in the morning they pick it up each individual reads
it separately and this is what we need to do is spread awareness and get the info people
are more hungry than ever people know there's something wrong everyone knows there's something
wrong there's an enemy literal takeover and they've got collaborators working with them
and let me tell the criminals something we take this country back they all need to go
to there should be a nuremberg trial doesn't there yeah there is nuremberg principles because
you know what just following orders ain't gonna fly there is no excuse we just had the
police in austin on video last week say we couldn't hand out magazines or have our bumper
stickers on our cars on video we have this i mean that that this is getting freaky folks
we'll be right back with rosa cory incredible if you're listening you know your basic freedoms
are being threatened every day if you're listening you know the economy is not getting better
you know gas and food prices are skyrocketing now is the time to get prepared for years
we've told you about our friends at e foods direct they have the best tasting long-term
storable food on the planet this food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it
does tonight a long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability
of the one thing you need most be prepared and get your supply from e foods direct right
now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on
all food supplies give yourself peace of mind and be prepared act now and call eight hundred
four zero nine five six three three or visit e foods direct dot com slash alex get free
shipping on all orders for a limited time call eight hundred four zero nine five six
three three or go to e foods direct dot com slash alex you can bet your life on e foods
direct we travel so much and having a fake tv well it gives added peace of mind burglars
look for houses that appear to be easy targets but fake tv can fool even professional burglars
into thinking someone is home watching television as a recent widow living alone it gives me
great peace of mind to set my fake tv near a window and know that passing motorists and
pedestrians will think someone is home watching tv when i'm actually away from home fake tv
easily plugs into any outlet just like a light on a timer and they're so easy to use you
just plug them in and they're ready to go plus they're so affordable that we have one
upstairs and downstairs fake tv is only 29.95 with free shipping order your fake tv by calling
eight seven seven five fake tv or go to fake tv.com that's eight seven seven five three
two five three eight eight or fake tv.com fake tv the burglar deterrent hello this is
ty bowlinger author of the best-selling book cancer step outside the box i want you to
know some very important information in 1985 president ronald reagan requested that carnivora
be sent directly to the white house at a time when only the president could obtain this
world-class healer now 27 years later carnivore capsules are used around the world to keep
people healthy now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in this age of superbugs
with 17 naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal cells only
without harming a single normal cell if you want to stay healthy now's your chance to
literally wake up your critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders that don't belong
in your body call one eight six six venus fly or order from carnivora.com that's c-a-r-n-i-v-o-r-a.com
that's one eight six six eight three six eight seven three five one eight six six venus fly
or visit carnivora.com protect your immune system it's the only one you've got
what if i say i will never surrender uh food fighters you tell them alice jones here i
know we got loaded phones here and i want to get to these callers have been on hold
since the last hour but i've got to also because we have our guests into the next hour she
i've got her to stay with us here but i want you know callers try to address something
to her and then you can bring up your issue which you can also talk about because all
of this ties into this okay this is global government private mega banks their dream
plan to be above the law and run world government i mean that's what it is and that's who runs
it if you look at who funds the un sustainable development the gun control groups all of
its caldman sachs jp morgan a few others bank of america uh you look at who funds in europe
all the takeovers you look at who funds all the anti-family stuff you look at who just
funds anything destructive it's them and because they're a bunch of crooks and we've got to
wake up to that or it's game over and what she's saying is get aggressive go to her website
and you used to we had flyers about the new world order i'm going to reintroduce these
as well for our listeners where you just print them off get them out to people we all have
a contest where listeners write flyers maybe a thousand dollar contest so you can write
the best flyer but and we can post all the flyers up on the site but you go to the site
and get why is everyone talking about agenda 21 and then it just you know a two-sided page
deal that breaks it down that says please copy and distribute awareness is the first
step in the resistance and and the same thing get the book in mass at info war store.com
we sell it as low as price you're going to find out there and even comes with some bumper
stickers of info wars.com and fight them and you'll find people hear me and they go i'm
scared i'm going to give up it's the opposite get aggressive because these are tyrants when
you resist them they get scared they only win we don't resist rosa talk about the success
you've had and am i wrong in saying the only fear we should have is fear itself the only
fear we should have is to not get aggressive and let them take over yeah you know they're
the ones that are taking the non-violent training i mean not to say i'm not talking about being
violent okay but what i'm saying is get out there before you need to get violent you don't
want to have to use your guns because you know what the government's got way bigger
guns than you've got what we need to do is to get out there and fight this while we can
and they're in the wrong our time absolutely that's why they stonewall talk about the stonewalling
oh for crying out loud you know you will be called a tinfoil hat you'll be told that you're
you know you're a fantasist you will be called a right-winger i've been called a right-winger
i've been a liberal democrat my entire voting life my parents are liberal democrats you
were at the highest levels of the of the state department of transportation i worked for
the department of transportation discovered all this and you know well i came out i what
i did was i was appraising property for eminent domain purposes to acquire for freeway projects
and i was like hey peep no what happened to private property rights people can't do anything
with their property anymore how can i value it so you didn't like being in the place of
a tyrant no of course not and obviously i mean i was valuing property at the very highest
price that the market would pay and i was finding that you couldn't determine what people
could actually sell their property for because you couldn't say what they could and that's
the tactic the globalists are the only ones that can allow once they steal property they
always flip it to themselves and then take the restrictions off you know and this is
what happens is that the centers of your towns this is what agenda 21 looks like in your
town it looks like high density smart growth development right in the center of your town
that is being subsidized with your tax dollars so because of that because you're actually
paying for this there's no demand for it people don't want to move into those condos and apartments
on top of shops most people want to live elsewhere so that money is not there to build those
things your tax dollars are paying for it and this is what's happening is you're subsidizing
that and this is the hardscape for your future poverty this is what it's going to look like
because the new frugality is or the new poverty you know the sort of the joy of living with
oh you go to whole foods every magazine says it's sexy to be pathetic and poor yeah right
and you know it's going to give all your money to the government yeah and so when you glorify
poverty and when you glorify consensus right it's like you're not going to think for yourself
are you because then you're not you're going to be these people are pathetic you're going
to be ostracized you're not going to be loved by this big group that's going to and they
you know it's all a fake love it's like being in the schmuck club every tyranny always uses
the glorification of the beautiful future and then artificially stay there back in one
minute i want to hear about this you are listening to gcn visit gcnlive.com today introducing
pro one all of your filtration in one system portable on the go no more do you have two
or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride you have a system that cuts out the sodium
fluoride and up to 95 percent of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing technology combined
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element it is the only one that does
it and out of the gates we have it discounted at 10 off with promo code water this is the
only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides herbicides chloramines
ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate get your pro pure with
a new pro one filter today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139 waging war on corruption
alex jones on the gcn radio
big brother mainstream media government cover-ups you want answers well so does he he's alex
jones on the gcn radio network and now live from austin texas alex jones the toll-free
number to join us and talk to rosa cory coming up should be with us the whole next hour that's
that's exciting and on the nightly news tonight and she's going to be speaking in bass drop
very soon we'll tell you about that in the next segment the toll-free number to join
us is 800-25-99231 and and rosa people ask me who are new listeners they go why are you
so excited well ladies and gentlemen when the police tell you you can't have bumper
stickers on your car in downtown austin i mean you know we're two minutes to midnight
i mean when they are giving 85 billion a month to foreign banks to prop up their derivatives
and we've got to pay uh money interest on money we give them i mean that's a screw job
on a screw job i mean i get animated i mean if i caught somebody stealing a bicycle out
of my garage which i had before i got pretty mad and chased them i mean and i guess that's
abnormal i'm supposed to just want to like act like i'm part of it and just go with it
and be screwed go ahead yeah this passivity thing you know you're supposed to be passive
you're you know it's about consensus it's about going along to get along you know that
is the way that that you are taken over who's going to tell you not to raise a stink those
who are taking you over revolution is bad for business right and this is not revolution
by the way we are exerting our rights this is restoration they're involved in a in a
revolution they are the revolutionaries they are taking us over you know this is a hostile
takeover this is a totalitarian state being erected around us right now this is what it
looks like it's a failed state happening to us right now we're being taken down because
you know what hey check it out our uh median household income in the united states it's
like 50 000 a year for a household median that's in the middle not the average right
well in the world it's like five thousand dollars for a you know so look at that ten
times so look at how far we have to come down before those markets they're going to bring
the uh the developing world up a little bit and then take us down why because our wages
are too high because our expectations are too high because we use everything too much
and guess what why would they want to take us out of the land why would they want to
remove people from the land why do they well yeah i mean at one level density cities they
want to collect people into city centers so that we can be more easily monitored controlled
and surveilled and so that those areas outside the wild lands so that those areas can be
exploited for gas oil uh minerals for uh timber oh yeah no no no when they say they care about
the environment it's the complete opposite you will be told that there's scarcity this
is an artificial scarcity that's being implemented on us right now this is what it's about you
know if you take a look at 1984 that is about artificial scarcity this is how it's done
and so and this is what totalitarianism looks like people think oh no it can't happen here
hey it's happening here this is what it looks like we need to stand up now this is our moment
nuremberg principles the nuremberg principles are that it is not okay to go along to get
along you cannot say that you were just following orders or that you know everyone else was
doing it that is not all right this is treason and those people who you know this falls in
with a liberal worldview it's very appealing to a lot of people because they think they're
doing yeah they think it's redistribution they don't get that once you're under globalist
control it's going to be forced population reduction and they've romanticized kind of
the low level propaganda that oh it's to build a better world it's not building a better
world no it's not and you know what agenda people want to know what agenda 21 is agenda
21 is the plan it's the plan to implement sustainable development it is the action plan
to to inventory and control all land all water all minerals all plants all animals all construction
all means of production it's the takeover plan all information and all human beings
in the world this is a real plan signed on to by the united states the battle plan implemented
by your federal government in your states in your local governments in your schools
it is happening now you're absolutely right we're gonna go to break now and come back
and and and continue breaking that down because i know there's a lot of facets you haven't
gotten into you got a bunch of notes you want to go over i want to do one segment where
you've really got the floor it's when you got to the whole next hour then we'll take
calls for the last 35 40 minutes of the broadcast 800-25-99231 i know the callers are all over
the map on the second amendment behavior modification 1958 predictions i guess that's going to be
john birch society predictions uh sex ed that ties in that's a un program it's a un program
to teach five-year-olds to masturbate devastating events like earthquakes tornadoes floods hurricanes
or the threat of martial law have highlighted the need for americans to prepare for emergencies
as a result millions are stockpiling food gold and weapons but how will these items
help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill supernatural silver is the ultimate tool
to prepare you for a medical emergency supernatural silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely
effective against bacteria viruses moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care taken
internally or used topically it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens supernatural
silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country to find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared go to supernatural silver.com use the promo code prepared for 20% off your
entire order and like us on facebook if you're listening you know your basic freedoms are
being threatened every day if you're listening you know the economy is not getting better
you know gas and food prices are skyrocketing now is the time to get prepared for years
we've told you about our friends at e foods direct they have the best tasting long-term
storable food on the planet this food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it
does tonight a long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability
of the one thing you need most be prepared and get your supply from e foods direct right
now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on
all food supplies give yourself peace of mind and be prepared act now and call 800-409-5633
or visit e foods direct.com slash alex get free shipping on all orders for a limited
time call 800-409-5633 or go to e foods direct.com slash alex you can bet your life on e foods
direct you prepare by purchasing gold food and firearms but if you don't have a home
security system then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection
when you're sleeping or away from home who's watching out for intruders check out simply
safe it's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless go to get
simply safe.com simply safe is independent and off the grid it runs on battery power
so even if the grid goes down you're protected it's completely customizable so you can use
it in your home business boat trailer storage unit or shed get simply safe.com simply safe
is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes so there's no need to
let a stranger into your home if you move or need to relocate you can take the system
with you wherever you go you aren't always at home but simply safe will stand guard protecting
your property 24 hours a day 7 days a week again that's get simply safe.com we now take
you live to the Central Texas Command Center in the heart of the resistance.
And Rosa Corey is in studio with us I'm your host Alex Jones we're gonna have open phones
in the next segment through the end of this hour with your agenda 21 and other questions
on tyranny but I want viewers watching us on info wars news.com and radio listeners
out there to listen to me very very carefully okay if you don't get out of your coma and
get upset and get aggressive we're going to be usurped we're designed to face an enemy
coming over the hill to enslave our village that's what we're genetically every race color
creed no instinctively but we're not designed to deal with bureaucracy and propaganda and
taxes and regulations and that's the real 21st century tool and under the globalist
they want a system that goes backwards to a post-industrial world where we're dumbed
down we're kept at starvation level we're socially engineered to take the vaccines the
forced sterilization the forced abortions to quote reduce population and a lot of yuppies
go well there are too many people let me tell you something you're under the attack and
the West is dying Europe will not even be European within another generation okay they
have about 1.3 children same thing here in the US so don't worry you've committed suicide
and I know you want to make sure you can kill the third world where you want to cut their
energy supplies as well so I know it gives you a power trip to think about cutting off
power and being poor and there are problems with a decadent consumerist society I get
all that I get why you think it's sexy but the issue is this isn't even what you're being
told this is for isn't even it this is a total post-industrial world in Maury Strong's own
words and all their books I got a whole bookshelf of them we source them my film Endgame to
shut everything down and create a monopoly of power and have high-tech government and
corporate reservations that are light years ahead with life extension robotics androids
this is what they're saying a life extension don't read what Ray Kurzweil all of them say
well we live in the city ghettos around that if we're even allowed to live so so this is
the shutdown of society so we can be exterminated and it sounds like a science fiction movie
because they were telling you what they were going to do in the science fiction movies
that they're really in Bertrand Russell's and others writing so this is the plan it's
hyper authoritarianism it's a creeping death but it's here where China has you know dead
pigs in the river and fires in the river and suicide nets at the Apple factories because
they're so liberal Al Gore I mean it must be okay peace bombs I mean Obama and the Republicans
are all on board with it of course because they're all bought and paid for in the same
group you know at the highest echelons and they get three new coal power plants totally
dirty we get three or four shut down a week or more 200 plus a year power prices going
up we're having the lights turned off they're tearing it all up only the mega cities and
that's not just a drudge dread term that's their term that all the maps are public look
up mega city regions super regions they're shutting us down so it's important to go to
Rosa Corey's website and see the city council meeting she's been at what she does the planning
commission meetings get her book read it mimic that because her playbook is dead on truth
Veritas you know pure crystalline get the book at info war store.com get it out and
go be the leader and now we go to these meetings outside Austin they're in every town we outnumber
them now they're panicking other areas though people aren't waking up so it's a mix go to
the meeting she's got tomorrow in Bastrop the original capital of Texas they were going
to make it talk like Yoda now Bastrop the original capital of Texas they would make
it you need to go there and fight the empire the fight is now folks this is real James
Bond stuff okay I mean you want to fight you want adventure you want to fight criminals
this is it I mean they know they're technicians you will face UN operatives you will face
globalist operatives okay eight nine minutes left of this segment I'm gonna try to give
you the floor it's just I started hyperventilating this is so important talk about what we're
facing of the meeting and and other points you haven't gotten to yet yeah you know hey
if you're here in Texas that's sustainable places program it's a you know who knows they
all have the same kind of names but these names are you know interchangeable everywhere
across the country these are all regional programs that are designed to destroy jurisdictional
boundaries erase jurisdictional boundaries and create these mega regions which you know
America2050.org this is a program and a project of the Rockefeller Foundation the Ford Foundation
B of A the huge corporations the folks that made the UN this is it this is what they want
to do and this is a battle for the hearts and minds of the people of the world don't
you know don't think it isn't and it's almost like we've been you know I like to say this
it's almost as if there's been a football game going on for the last 20 years and we
were out in the parking lot having a kegger and now we're suited up we've got our you
know our pads on our helmets are on we've got the ball we have the ball now and this
is the thing is that when you've got the ball you need to know where the goal is and we
need to fight to move forward to block all of this and re-erect our freedom how do we
route the enemy tell us this is it you know what let me just say this remember this private
property rights include your person your body your mind oh they're now saying they're gonna
force vaccines on us that's part of UN most important private property you know this is
it hey when my mother was dying in the hospital they told me I had to go get a flu shot in
order to spend time with her I went down to the basement picked up a receipt out of the
trash and went back up and gave it to them I didn't get a flu shot this is these things
are designed to restrict you to make you fall into line to be obedient you know hey when
you're in the airport don't go through that thing go early and make them do the pat down
on you start saying no resist do not go along expose collaborators and refuse to collaborate
yourself if you're getting money from this plan if you're you know examine what you're
doing examine your life hey if you're smoking weed out there on the couch you know what
put it down make those flyers and get out there and get this information take it personal
this is your life there's no joking around here this is the time to do it if we don't
do it now we are not going to be doing it we have a window now let's move through it
we are actually raising awareness all over the world and things are happening all over
the world this is a change you've got to know your enemy identify nonprofits the collaborators
the consultants that are putting these plans together you want to call them out you want
to identify how much money is being paid to them yeah that's how they pay the mercenaries
describe your speech tomorrow I mean how you identify these people oh well it's it's all
over of course there are you know here's how it is done basically the federal government
gives money to the local agents the local governments and the metropolitan planning
organizations and the councils of government and here in Texas you've got like 27 of them
across the United States there are 500 this is where the money comes down all the federal
agencies have actually changed their policies to bring them into alignment with Agenda 21
and the local agencies are doing the same thing so you want to expose this you want
to identify it and then you want to block it you want to speak out show up and speak
out do not be afraid because if you don't do this you know they're gonna if this is
the way it works with collaborative government this is what you're getting consensus government
if you don't speak out they assume that you agree can you believe that they assume that
you agree and because you don't have representative government anymore then it's all by consensus
and collaboration so if you're not there they assume it's an implicit agreement and it's
all under admiralty administrative they're transferring the state constitutions and having
the counties and cities criminally shine over authority to regional boards run by their
unelected criminals that's it these are appointed boards you cannot get them out you can't influence
them they're made up of elected officials but there's like there may be 80 or 100 people
on that board so if you've got an elected official from your town who you've you know
convinced that this is a bad idea that guy has got or woman is not going to have much
of a voice this is what happens with consensus government this is a nightmare we need to
block it to call it out and to refuse to collaborate and we need numbers we need to you do it in
your small town you know what there's no Switzerland in this fight don't think you're gonna go
hide in your bunker you're not okay you may stay there for a while but what's gonna happen
when you come out the thing is you need to be there in your small town right now you
go down and you speak out you call this out name it it is agenda 21 sustainable development
name it refuse to allow yourself to be sidelined or shamed or embarrassed just like this look
at how the banks brag they've conquered Europe here's the Financial Times of London print
out that headline here they are folks this is it yeah by making your land worthless they
double the value of their land right draw the links you know that's one thing in my
book you know and that's why I wrote that book I can't go all over the you know I mean
I am all over the US but I can't be everywhere so I wrote the book so people could have that
info and it's on the website too and you know it's all over people are getting this information
now now the direct line is from the United Nations plan into the federal government through
the President's Council on sustainable development and then right down into your state and local
government it is not some plan that's not out there that doesn't have any impact on
you it is a real plan and happening now it has been happening for 20 years it has changed
your school system it's changed your government and you are you know don't allow yourself
to be victimized by it you take your take it personal but look at like your mother first
they try to make the nurses take it there's no law now it's laws they're trying to pass
at state level and have passed in some states where you can't even be in child care that
means a coach little league whatever if you don't take hundreds of shots they want and
there's no law so they're trying to get laws but they would just say can't see your mother
unless you take a shot that they admit doubles your chances of getting the flu in their own
studies it's just pure mafia color of law where big pharma says hospital do this yeah
and then they order you and everybody follows orders what empowers this following tyrannical
orders yeah and look at you know if they make it obviously in the town next to my town in
my county it's against the law to smoke in your apartment right hey think about smart
growth you're in your apartment right you're in your condo you can't smoke legally it's
against the law think about that people are taking antidepressants so that they won't smoke
anymore antidepressants what do they do they make you suicidal they make you violent and
you know or they they create a total passivity so you're not gonna we've got a bunch of social
engineers like we're ants in a in a dish they're messing with us let's get out of the dish
and grab them by the throat and say i'm aware of you you're not manipulating me stop playing
their game anti-delphi their meetings i've got you know how to anti-delphi a meeting
it's being done all across the country now now you go in and point out that hey notice
folks you just write something down and then they tell you what they want explain to us
how you anti-delphi after we take some calls okay and again where is the meeting tomorrow
night in bass drop it's at the bass drop opera house in bass drop texas 6 30 p.m and i think
jim mars is going to be introducing me very very exciting and we're running it now on
the local radio have you ever felt like the united states government knows way too much
about your financial affairs i continue to hear stories about property seizures frozen
bank accounts confiscation of stocks and bonds it makes me wonder if the u.s citizen will
ever again have the right to life liberty and the pursuit of happiness unfortunately
with the drug and money laundering act the irs revenue ruling 6045 of 1984 and the trading
with the enemy act in franklin d roosevelt's executive order of 1933 some precious metal
holdings are subject to government intervention for this reason mitis resources has prepared
a report explaining the boundaries of trading precious metals privately whether if you have
any intention of trading with mitis resources or not i have instructed my representatives
to give this report out free call for your free copy at 1-800-686-2237 when investing
always proceed with caution again call 1-800-686-2237 exercise your legal right to trade metals
privately 1-800-686-2237 devastating events like earthquakes tornadoes floods hurricanes
or the threat of martial law have highlighted the need for americans to prepare for emergencies
as a result millions are stockpiling food gold and weapons but how will these items
help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill supernatural silver is the ultimate tool
to prepare you for a medical emergency supernatural silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely
effective against bacteria viruses moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care taken
internally or used topically it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens supernatural
silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country to find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared go to supernatural silver.com use the promo code prepared for 20% off your
entire order and like us on facebook we all know that berkey water purification systems
are the most trusted name in water filtration as an authorized berkey dealer for over six
years and serving thousands of satisfied customers the berkey guy offers amazing specials for
berkey water filtration systems the berkey light systems include a set of self-sterilizing
and re-cleanable black purification elements that purify water by removing chlorine pathogenic
bacteria cysts and parasites to non-detectable levels and remove harmful chemicals such as
herbicides and pesticides order the berkey light system today complete with two black
berkey elements for only 231 dollars and the berkey guy will ship your order free of charge
with the purchase of a berkey light the berkey guy is also offering a set of fluoride and
arsenic filters for only 39.99 that's over 30 percent off the retail price call the berkey
guy at 1-877-886-3653 that's 1-877-886-3653 or order online at goberky.com that's goberky.com
today amino acids are the building blocks of proteins amino acids have to be delivered
to your body in the shape that nature gave them if they are to be used to create new
proteins in your body just like a bricklayer cannot use bent or twisted bricks to build
a brick wall so too your body cannot use bent or twisted amino acids to build new proteins
giving your body an undamaged amino acid food can make a huge difference in your health
one world way is an undamaged amino acid food unlike any other you see heating bends and
twists amino acids and all whey protein powders we've investigated and most proteins you consume
are heated with our true cool process you now have a choice with one world way my name
is daniel i'm 34 years old when i started using one world way i weighed 228 pounds now
after two and a half months i weigh 182 pounds this is my ideal weight i've noticed an increase
in stamina rate of recovery from workouts and an increase in my potency call 888-988-3325
or visit one world way dot com thanks for joining us today as we try to awaken humanity
worldwide this is a worldwide problem of the united states in europe early the heart of
it up at info wars dot com right now congressman fights to stop flying robots endlessly watching
americans that's the actual headline what the congressman said u.s moves to support
al-qaeda in syria following unconfirmed chemical attack which al-qaeda had said they would
launch it's it's really becoming a alice in wonderland type situation who will be the
first killer wearing google glasses one thing is certain he'll say he thought it was a movie
great article by john rapoport who joins us tomorrow and that's just some of the articles
up on the site rose i want to take some calls now but then get back into other solutions
now you anti-delphi these people and how to recognize just one of their techniques they
use but what do you make of i don't see this working for them anymore to just deny what
they're doing or go oh we do run al-qaeda now but we still have to take your rights
because of al-qaeda i mean it's just the narrative is so thin and people are waking up and the
government's answer is billions of bullets and tanks and checkpoints and then to say
there are no checkpoints there are no tanks when they all have tsa checkpoints in downtown
austin yeah i mean it's just it's crazy yeah well that you know the thing is is that what
they'll do is they'll tell you it's some right-wing thing uh that you're you're fantasizing that
this isn't real and meanwhile you've got anti you've got disinformation people running all
over you know when hitler came to power when hitler marched into austria uh they they actually
arrested like 60 000 people in a single day when he when he went into austria they arrested
dissenters how did they know who they were in a group of three people one of those people
would be a spy can you imagine the amount of people that you need to do a network like
that and what we have right now with domestic surveillance with drones with restrictions
with uh with uh people who have infiltrated neighborhoods they're right down into your
neighborhood associations they look just like you and there's they are the people who are
uh hired as consultants as uh people who are pushing these plans they make some of them
think they're doing the right listen we've had guys in suits come out when we're doing
men on the street things and then we find out they're local bureaucrats and they will
call the police on us for being on a street corner doing interviews they'll walk over
and this is on tape and go uh i got some money for you to talk to them and they're already
ready under infra guard that program for the time will be taken away and they get on these
power trips that they're little secret agents now yeah i mean when no your dirtbag criminal
collaborator this is treason but you know what there are a lot more of us and one thing
you know yeah i'm a i'm a left liberal but you know what this is a non-partisan fight
that's why you're wearing purple yeah and the thing that's exactly right we're not blue
and red we are you know let's be a nation let's be a nation of individuals we come together
as individuals i like that idea the purple movement yeah did you invent that idea no
i think uh well of course it's my little undercover gay thing too because i am gay but you know
yeah no obviously that's what we are right we are one country i don't know purple had
something to do with being gay but well that's because you're not gay so you don't know okay
well explain to me my whole deal is i like the idea of saying blue and red exactly yeah
no it's because this terrifies those in power you want to terrify the people who are running
this thing you make common cause with people who are on the left you find what it is if
you're going to refuse smart meters you want to fight smart meters that's something that
people and they always try to make it a left or right issue what does it have to do with
it a robot attached to my house spying on me and they admit they're spying and then
go but then say they now they're now arresting people all over with no warrants for no reason
they're now going in houses to look at guns without warrants that's in the news today
i mean it's just it's authoritarianism so they put a chip in every gun you know and
they got a chip and everything and there you are you know you everything you do and they're
saying it's a felony of the chip isn't in it they're proposing that right and this is
this is how it you know the bag gets tightened this is how it happens this is what it looks
like you know we're still we are not quite at square one anymore but people are still
at this point where they're like you know now that can't happen here in the united states
you bet it can you think we we have some like super shield around us or something oh no
they're doubling down with tyranny when they fully move this is what it looks like you
know this is why we need to block it now we need to become aware wake up you know get
as sharp put these you know alert people if you blanket your town with flyers somebody
just put 70 000 flyers out on the east coast which is really like what you just said you
snapped your fingers we do job interviews and people come in here and they're like dazed
and you can't get through to them and they admit because of all the tv screens and things
people get in trance-like states and sometimes when i'm talking to crew or whatever they're
all smart but i've got to go hey let's actually get in a conscious mode here because all of
us get kind of in this dazed you know uh world and you get overwhelmed and plus you know
when you're doing gaming and all that stuff is coming at you really fast you know i was
sitting on the plane there's this little kid next to me and he was like completely absorbed
with this thing and i was thinking you know do his parents know that his movements on
that game board identify him your movements on a game board are literally your id and
this is the one they've got algorithms watching that everything you know so if you're having
your brain synapses changed from using then you're not going to be able to read right
they admit it's actually dumbing the kids down yes absolutely don't attack video games
you can tell the video game head they can't communicate with you yeah no hey that's right
and this is how it happens it's slow but it happens with the next generation don't let
it happen on your wall rosa i'm impressed you really know your stuff wow what a smart
lady we'll be back with your calls we're on the march the empire's on the run alex jones
and the gcn radio network
introducing pro one all of your filtration in one system portable on the go no more do
you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride you have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95 percent of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing
technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media
for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element it is the only one
that does it and out of the gates we have it discounted at 10 off with promo code water
this is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides herbicides chloramines
ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate get your pro pure with
the new pro one filters today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139
if you want an american company with american products made by americans here is the cal
ben soap company alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years these all
natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth-friendly
and safe see them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog buy
the one to two months sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what you're
using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs
this is an amazing deal you can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real
soap makes you feel see them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free
catalog a little over a year ago i began to do a lot of research into why even though
i had a pretty good size meal that i was still starving and my research led me to a well-known
fact that most of the soils that we grow our crops on here in the united states and across
the industrialized world are almost completely depleted of almost all of the key minerals
and trace elements that our bodies need to rebuild themselves fight off cancer and be
healthy i then searched out the best vitamin and mineral company out there and discovered
young jeopardy the young jeopardy products are designed to give you the real nutrition
you need and once you've got that you don't have to eat as much to be satisfied i've lost
37 pounds in two months simply getting the vitamins and minerals i need check it out
for yourself it's incredible go to info wars team.com today and order your first canister
of beyond tangy tangerine complete multivitamin mineral complex dietary supplement that's
infowarsteam.com the answer to 1984 is 1776 you're listening to the alex jones show all
right i promise we're going to go to your phone calls now just briefly be sure and support
radio shows be sure and support news websites organizations that will cover this we are
being conquered the military industrial complex owned by foreign banks created the un and
the presidio in san francisco in 1945 it's all on record their plan to end the family
as you know it their their plan to end towns cities everything and only have mega cities
that are above the law with globalists in them operating as city states like the vatican
is an example of i'm not demonizing catholics of the vatican i'm saying that's the model
or the city of london within london that financial capital or how israel is kind of you know
outside the un does whatever it wants that is going to be the model she was talking about
that we'll get to more of that after some calls it is so important for you to understand
that people talk about discrimination on race or sex or things like this they obsess on
that all day and the old fights to get us fighting with each other when to shut down
over 200 power plants in obama's first four years that were clean burning and to see power
prices go up everywhere i mean that is when you attack a country bombers flying in and
bomb the power plants the globalists are are destroying our infrastructure paying 22 billion
dollars a ship general motors to china brazil and eastern europe you're like well don't
like the chinese what's they can have suicide nets it doesn't they're actually going down
they're not going up that they force everybody off their land in southern mexico and into
the maquiladores and then they're up here what choice do they have and then oh the government's
like get some free welfare not to empower them to make them clients to then vote to
take the guns it's all balkanization the globalist want more chaos because they're exempt from
it all and they're just crushing things smashing things so they're left standing and then they
get paid to come in and clean up what they've done they get it coming going they they play
all sides just like they create al-qaeda create taliban empower them so they have a reason
to be there and get all the opium and now it's all coming out with karzai saying you
run al-qaeda you run taliban i don't just believe karzai it's they're using them in
libya and syria it's not people say you say america did that the globalists that run our
country created the soviets on record that's all declassified now they've had new york
times articles having to admit well they declassified the russian stuff turns out mccarthy was right
but he was limited to what he was doing they were using him to then persecute low-level
communist instead when he said the army runs russia oh that's it you're discredited when
you figure out the globalist are full spectrum dominance they will play all the major sides
but they don't play we the people they don't control you they don't control me and there's
a lot of good people in the system as well this is a very criminal group a very small
group doing this it's it every case it's the jp morgan chase goldman sachs um it's the
rockefeller foundation go look at who funds all this the rockefeller's name is on everything
and who gave the land for the un i mean it's them folks it is them most important man alive
david rockefeller probably more than queen of england and her cousins uh sachs coburg
gotha who's their queen beatrix who i mean that woman's probably more powerful than queen
of england because she's hands-on and now she's handing it over to her son who's really
creepy but here it is behind the green mask you in agenda 21 get this book support us
but that's secondary get the book buy a hundred let me tell you something to the middle class
and wealthy who aren't part of the establishment if you don't spend money to fight this we're
done okay okay our forebears have the liberty we have put it all on the line if you won't
even buy books or videos at info war store.com and support us and support yourself and give
this to people there's no hope the truth is we're getting attraction we're having an effect
we finally untied our rope from the boat dock we've had the engine going now we're shooting
down the water we just need to intensify rosa i'm not putting a pretty face unless we're
going to calls am i right in saying that we are just having magic level success right
now because old timers warn people for so long planted the seeds got called cooks but
now everybody remembers they were told about this 20 years ago i mean are we not seeing
a giant wake up right now when obama raises taxes on poor people and promised he wouldn't
yeah it's really incredible what's happening not just across the united states only but
around the world this is and of course the people's media like you alex i mean this you
know with the internet people are beginning to recognize that hey they're not alone they
are part of a huge worldwide grassroots nonpartisan movement to stop united nations agenda 21
sustainable development so you know obviously real solidarity and listen this is public
private partnership so when you see that seaman's corporation the old nazi corporation and ge
and ibm these are the nazi collaborators they didn't go away you know people think hey do
you think in 1945 it all stopped no i was told by an fbi agent 16 years ago that came
down to access tv to visit me and i checked and it was an fbi agent that i was being tracked
when i made that america story by design film because nobody was covering un agenda 21 then
i mean that's in that film and i said who's tracking me and he said basically operatives
of seaman's look into that and it's funny you just said seaman's seaman's usa is a huge
player we have a page on our website democrats against un agenda 21 on who funds agenda 21
seaman's is a huge player they have a tremendous amount of money 27 billion dollars in in just
money laying around right now they are in the grid they're in water they bought up the
world the united states largest water supplier us filter they own they're in the um they're
in surveillance they're in smart uh smart growth they're in uh uh uh what is it um high
speed rail and uh low you know what is it uh light rail they are in everything they
and it's not just about money you know it's not just about greed we've got ibm which made
the uh made the punch cards all our computers for for uh the nazis and then you've got your
you know numbers tattooed on your arms well now you've got uh biometrics retinal scanning
is the latest that is going to be the biggest growing industry google glasses the world
right yes when you've got that listen game over okay we've got to stop this now block
it now refuse to collaborate refuse to cooperate do not be a party to this and they're moving
on every front with forced inoculations retina scanning to get in the gym and you're like
well so what you know it's it's high tech bad people run it folks they're going to use
it to take everything out of your bank account they're going to use it they now admit which
we reported 12 years ago but that they now admit that all the customer loyalty cards
are uploaded to the government and the insurance companies right i mean that's why i mean it's
so cold-blooded you know ran paul just put out i think uh it just came up today or the
other day about the america community survey you know that's that is actually mandatory
and they lie and say it's the law when it's not they put a code on there and say it's
the law but it's fraud well now he's launched legislation saying hey you know you don't
have to fill that thing out but you guess what you know you don't have to fill these
things out if it's not required you know if if don't give them your it also says under
penalty of perjury so if you make a mistake it's a felony oh yeah but let's see they show
the code it says say how people live here so it's a trick the code on it is the questions
you've got to answer and then another 50 to 100 to 200 what's your toilet what's your
stock and bonds do you have guns when do you go to work right how much money do you make
yeah what are you growing on your land i mean i've had farmers come up to me from you know
all over the nation and saying geez rosal what do i do do i have to fill this thing
out they want to know hey when you fill out the animal premises id that again is not law
but color of law it waives all your rights it's frauds criminals you know this is what
the new this is the new world order is government by decree government by regulation restriction
this is about you losing your representative rights you you're got your representative
government is disappearing in america i can't hand out magazines in austin until i went
down there and they said we're going to arrest you next yeah and i said go ahead we're going
to sue all of you and they had to back off but my god and the police were even later
going we're sorry we were ordered to do it it's like you're sorry you better be sorry
that you ever follow the order was i mean do you really want to have no look they'll
take the money out of your bank account dummy if there's no due process we're all screwed
don't you get it people you're not part of the establishment it hates you did you get
a memo about hydrophil hydrofluorosic acid did you get a memo about gmo or aspartame
did you get a memo about it killing you and your family no you didn't you're not part
of the power structure you're either going to just lay down and love evil and think you're
part of it and crawl along for a while or you're going to come in and jump on the team
for the big win and you know what alex your listeners are on board but now they need to
do something okay whatever you're doing do more you can do more put out these flyers
get the information out talk about it show up at meetings anti delphi yeah briefly and
i promise we're going to calls but briefly how do you anti delphi briefly basically i
gave the whole layout in the back of my book okay and it's exact you know you really there's
a video of people doing it we have on your site yes and we have you know near riot at
delphi meeting where we literally took down a government meeting because they were delphying
us and we refused to cooperate basically you want to refuse to go along to get along but
you have to do it carefully or they will actually make it seem as if you are you know somebody
who's disrupting the meeting and they'll bring the cops in if you bring the cops in it obviously
shows that this is not just some sort of hunky dory groovy little it's done as intimidation
these are would-be authoritarians if they could they would put your whole family in
a gulag right a guy just won 15 million dollars for borrowing his buddy's car was locked up
for years no one knew where he was in a new mexico jail they're now putting people in
jail for five years over balloons go ahead yeah well basically what you're going to do
is ask the hard questions and then you want to back each other up you do this with a team
so you refuse to allow yourselves to be sidelined you refuse to allow yourselves to be shamed
because that's what humanitarianism is all about it's about shaming you for actually
speaking out so you want to speak out you want to support each other in these meetings
that's right exactly because they'll have their operatives planted to try to turn the
cattle so you have your people spread out who just start popping up and it totally freaks
them out right it totally freaks them out and then you basically want to let them know
that you know what's up and eventually when you do this and you do this well you have
not worn your name tag you're not identifying yourself you are going in as a freedom force
you do it with other people you don't identify yourselves to each other you do it as a sort
of a stealth force because this is a and i'm telling you folks if you get happy when your
team wins the super bowl when you destroy their operations it is champagne time it is
a yeah it's a big hit and then you take it on the road and you do it in the towns near
you and you start supporting other groups and pretty soon you guys are outnumbering
the people who are running these meetings the consultants and the planners and the people
who've been paid and look how they sit there real smug they always try to act like that
they're invincible but it's all wizard of oz crap i'm sorry it really is they are snowing
you they this whole thing is designed to give you the impression that this is your idea
they are literally snowing you in every one of these meetings and if you refuse to go
it is not your plan you are there to show the people that it is not your plan that you
do not agree that you don't want to go along to get along with sustainable places project
here in texas or granite state future or one bay area and by the way we are suing to stop
the plan in our area in the nine county san francisco bay area one bay area this is putting
you guys on notice metropolitan planning organization and california and all across the world we
are suing and your weapon is due process we are civil rights constitution that's right
and whatever it's a constitutional violation and we are not going to stand for it we will
block this we will not look at this lady's got a fighting spirit and it's infectious
i love it i love it i love it let me tell you there's nothing more disgusting than these
smug puss buckets that go around trying to rob and take over our towns and suck people
dry and then have code enforcers in police uniforms arresting old ladies who haven't
mowed their yard and three thousand dollar a day fines i mean these folks it is blood
boiling yeah okay they need to be in prison that's what it looks like you know what's
it look like traffic calming uh uh code enforcement um it looks like form-based codes it looks
like scenic byways vision 2025 your general plan your master plan your comprehensive plan
public private partnerships transit oriented development it's you can't smoke in your apartment
it's a giant cult is a crime heals you know healthy eating active living this is all about
rezoning but no no you go to whole foods now and it's all about we're gonna tell you how
to behave you're doing good and and people will come and go you're making good choices
right and i go i'm not coming back here that happened three times last time i was there
hello you're making good choices i see really and it's like oh you're bringing gmo in here
now aren't you it's all literal cult because once they get you it's a giant cult it's a
giant un eugenics death cult okay let's go to some calls this is unbelievable uh let's
talk to george in connecticut on agenda 21 then matt then casey then jeff then connor
and others uh you're on the air uh go ahead george in connecticut uh this is i found out
after your last talk on uh alex that uh my town is not only in agenda 21 practically
two-thirds of the town is uh sewed up to this i try to stop them on a project that was a
billion dollar project and they use the police uh to to strong on me and almost kill me i
mean these people are willing to do anything to get these projects together i'd love to
find a way to get some of my money back from the court that uh and go after these bastards
do you have any suggestions uh yeah i would start just call yourself a citizen journalist
start a website and start following the planners and people and you'll find them in other criminal
activities i mean they're always like kleptomaniac nuts and then just burn them down on youtube
there's more than one way to skin a cat i have top lawyers on that beat the uh food
and drug administration on stuff and they'll always just point out that the judge is getting
money for monsanto i mean they're mafia and and so it's not fighting dirty just just go
go dig the dirt up on them start hammering their heads in with with the dirt hurt them
bad send them to prison i've sent plenty of people to prison yeah i've taken people up
up crooked politicians what you want to do you know i'm glad you said that because listen
always bring your video camera with you whenever you go to any of these meetings folks this
is an enemy army any means necessary hit them hit them hard that's right and this is hey
it's war this is war this is war i'm not just up here saying it's war this is war no it's
no any listen you don't even want to tell what happened to you because you don't want
to scare people but i mean just they are thugs people should know that i think you should
go out and experience how they're mafia folks then you'll know how real it is you know what
the more of us that are on board the left hey you threw they did stuff to you now they're
on the run that's right this is it you know what don't buckle under stand up you can do
it you know if you if you're if you need to work for them you know quit that job if you
see people that are doing these jobs and you have some money you say to them listen i'm
going to make it possible for you to quit that job so that you can i i was in memphis
and i was speaking there and they had the office of sustainability uh director there
and i said i i said after you hear my speech i want you to go in and resign and i looked
at the people in the audience and i said you know what if this man goes in and resigns
today you the community have to make sure that he is financially okay this is what we
need to do we need to rebuild real community because this plan destroys and by the way
whenever you do the right thing and sacrifice something doors just fly open i mean that's
what frustrates me is moving against evil is effective people just don't even think
they're in the game i mean they literally aren't even on the field they just think evil
has free reign yeah right and you know what we're so isolated from one another and we
think that you know what we do as an individual has no power believe me what you do as an
individual has tremendous power we are tremendously powerful as why do you think they said we
couldn't hand our magazines out anywhere downtown they don't want you spreading the information
and they want to intimidate you refuse to be intimidated no i just redoubled my efforts
that's right exactly this is the answer is when they push you down come up twice strong
twice as hard this is the thing to do this is how you be isn't that just natural i mean
i don't understand people are like wow you're standing up to them i mean i i mean they're
trying to dominate us people we got to get angry yeah and you know what once again i
want to say you know and it's not like i hate weed or something like that but i really i
know there's a lot of smokers watching this don't allow that passivity to take you over
that block that get well no that's why they're acting like the new civil rights movement
is only marijuana because for most people it does make them passive it does and it lowers
men's testosterone perfect drug for the new world order it makes you totally passive object
fight that smoke later do your flyers now you know yeah exactly people will just keep
the dope smoke until nighttime we'll be right back stay with us if you're listening you'd
know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day if you're listening you know the
economy is not getting better you know gas and food prices are skyrocketing now is the
time to get prepared for years we've told you about our friends at e foods direct they
have the best tasting long-term storable food on the planet this food will taste just as
great 25 years from now as it does tonight a long-term food supply allows you to freeze
the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most be prepared and get your supply
from e foods direct right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars
with free shipping on all food supplies give yourself peace of mind and be prepared act
now and call eight hundred four zero nine five six three three or visit e foods direct
dot com slash alex get free shipping on all orders for a limited time call eight hundred
four zero nine five six three three or go to e foods direct dot com slash alex you can
bet your life on e foods direct hello this is ty bolinger author of the best-selling
book cancer step outside the box i want you to know some very important information in
1985 president ronald reagan requested that carnivora be sent directly to the white house
at a time when only the president could obtain this world-class healer now 27 years later
carnivore capsules are used around the world to keep people healthy now you can protect
yourself and your loved ones in this age of superbugs with 17 naturally occurring compounds
that instinctively respond to abnormal cells only without harming a single normal cell
if you want to stay healthy now's your chance to literally wake up your critical immune
cells to attack harmful invaders that don't belong in your body call one eight six six
venus fly or order from carnivora.com that's c-a-r-n-i-v-o-r-a dot com that's one eight
six six eight three six eight seven three five one eight six six venus fly or visit
carnivora.com protect your immune system it's the only one you've got hi this is peter
kronchnubble from mitis resources as you know federal government spending is at an all-time
high and inflation will be a direct result of the spending policy european government
and central bank spending policies have put the european union on the brink of collapse
what are you doing right now to protect yourself financially are your assets working for you
or against you one thing is certain having physical possession of gold and silver will
guarantee that no matter what happens to our economy or the dollar your investment will
never be worthless and it'll protect you from that hidden tax inflation if you've been thinking
about investing in physical possession of precious metals or having an ira in precious
metals i can help call me today peter kronchnubble 800-686-2237 extension 108 and i'll take the
time to personally put together a portfolio designed to protect what you've worked so
hard for call 800-686-2237 extension 108 you've worked hard your whole life and i want to
work hard for you call peter at 800-686-2237 extension 108 it's time to go crazy on the
new world order and they play this social mind game like we're animals and we go hey
we don't like world government we don't like these wars these drones these checkpoints
oh how funny oh and then the other sheep go ha ha ha to feel important i mean don't be
a pathetic chump out there and i'm talking to new listeners or people who think this
is all cool the globalists are really really really bad people who have a very bad plan
for society and i hope you'll get rosa corey's book at info war shop.com or info war store.com
both sides take you there behind the green mask you in agenda 21 my film end game blueprint
for global enslavement made almost seven years ago is evergreen more important now than ever
breaking down the rest of the story she breaks down what they're doing this tells you where
they're going i mean i've read hundreds of their books so is aaron i mean it's all how
they're going to shut everything down and then kill us i mean it's just it's total ultra
hit larry and hitler was one of their students who they then set up and brought down he was
a eugenicist let's take more calls here in these final two short little segments then
i'm gonna do some overdrive into the fourth hour uh to uh cover some other breaking important
information but let's talk to casey in austin casey thanks for holding you're on the air
with rosa corey hi alex uh rosa thanks for having me on i had a quick question for uh
rosa and then i just wanted to get you guys opinion on something if i may sure go ahead
okay um council of foreign relations in the un since you know things like that are kind
of intertwined with each other uh rick warren is a known member of the cfr and obama's good
buddy he's going around thousands and thousands of different churches are taking out crosses
in the churches ripping up the carpet putting walt disney you know in churches and things
like that how do i approach a preacher because bales should be going off that this guy's
not good how to approach preachers and tell them hey you know what you're doing is not
good uh well i mean uh i've talked to family and friends all over the country where methodist
churches you name it are pulling out the cross and saying we don't worship jesus anymore
it's bad and it's a soviet takeover and people are now no that's not extreme and the point
is if someone isn't a christian or isn't religious that's their issue we're not even here judging
them it's that it's happening everywhere everything's being changed everything's being overthrown
with a fake liberalism that isn't liberalism it's a conformist uh what happened in the
soviet union or communist china uh rosa corry comments on that yeah you know if your pastor's
out there talking about sustainability sustainable development you better go have a chat with
your pastor because well the first baptist church right here or the first methodist teaches
sustainability un bill gates is our savior they actually say bill gates is our god yeah
and you know i i've done quite a bit of research on this and obviously you know when you're
looking at um uh kind of the the new zen the idea that you want to uh you want to accept
what is and you want to leave the mind behind you know this is separating the mind and body
so you want to release the mind this is exactly you're out in san francisco in an area so
you know what it's like no it's it's the new coolness is to be a chump they actually say
i want to be a slave right yeah and i mean if you look at uh i think it's called blue
the blue pyramid or something like that about you know how you're supposed to uh surround
yourself with people who believe the same way that you do drink two glasses of wine
a day and meditate and that's what google does now it puts you in a little subgroup
it knows your algorithm and then only keeps you in a group that agrees with you right
and so you're being you are actually being manipulated and so are the churches your pastors
i we're in a body snatcher level conspiracy totally i mean folks i mean people that say
their life's boring boring i mean unbelievable unmitigated craziness is going on look in
your closet and see if there's a pod in there yeah this is really what it's about and they
are subverting religion they're saying that religion has to take on the ecology model
or it will disappear that's the un one world government religion that revelation talks
about block it speak to your pastor give them the truth yeah or walk go in there uh print
up a flyer start handing it out break that church up those preachers say don't don't
do that don't no no no those churches are nothing but synagogues of shaytan we'll be
right back stay with us thank you for listening to gcn visit gcnlive.com today devastating
events like earthquakes tornadoes floods hurricanes or the threat of martial law have highlighted
the need for americans to prepare for emergencies as a result millions are stockpiling food
gold and weapons but how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes
ill supernatural silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency supernatural
silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria viruses moles and
fungus and is remarkable for wound care taken internally or used topically it can help keep
you safe from deadly pathogens supernatural silver has over 500 different uses and a long
term shelf life making it the number one choice of preppers across the country to find out
how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared go to supernatural silver.com
use the promo code prepared for 20% off your entire order and like us on facebook coast
to coast direct from austin you're listening to the alex jones broadcasting network ease
the t-rex of political talk alex jones on the gcn radio network i shot a video that's
up on info wars.com where i break down the fact that the technology and the way it's
set up it doesn't jive it doesn't fit that if you're looking at what happened with chase
having zero balances two days ago for all its customers in the united states if you
see that it just doesn't fit i believe it's some type of test trial balloon just like
they're now talking about taking all the money out of the bank accounts that are there in
cyprus they're talking about now doing it in italy now in spain this is a very very
serious thing that's going on that you've got supposed hack attacks that are also going
on with south korea versus north korea they're saying they believe north korea did it when
north korea's got the technical expertise to you know kill a bunch of villagers and
drive around the 57 chevys i mean because they can't even build cars that's about it
very very suspicious there they launched stuxnet of course against iran four years ago and
then blamed it on hackers and said we need to get rid of web freedom because of stuxnet
so this whole thing stinks to high heaven they're implying it could have been a hack
of chase that did this to show balances of zero everywhere when that stuff is all compartmentalized
and again multiple systems don't buy it on any front and again the germans are saying
to the eu uh just let us have the 10 or we just won't open the banks ever to get the
money period and the banks are shut they're not letting them have their money until they
agree to give them 10 and set the precedent to give them money all the time and again
obamacare all this is meant to bankrupt you it's meant to drive you into submission other
news press regulation a victory for the rich celebrated and the powerful that's the london
guardian and it goes on freedom to blog in danger due to new press regulations yeah they
want it where you can't even photograph famous people where you where you have to you can't
have a blog without having a government license i mean they'll try this here they said they
want it and then well you can't get your government license will be under my website will be under
fcc control the fcc a few years ago said we want fairness doctrine on the web not just
talk radio so uh here's bbc press regulation internet concerns expressed so that's what's
going on that's what these tyrants are doing because we're hurting them right now they're
telling you you're weak they're telling you you don't have power because you do have power
okay ladies and gentlemen look at this group of articles right here on the health front
test of anthrax vaccine in children gets tentative okay this is from reuters a presidential ethics
panel they're the ones the ethics panels decide to have death panels and then they appoint
the people that will say to kill granny or kill the kid or kill kids up to age three
that's the that's the bioethics panels that are calling for that they say give experimental
anthrax shots to newborn babies and let's make it mandatory as well oh want to see your
mom got to take these shots in the hospital oh want your kids in little league everybody's
got to take shots to even be on the field it's a policy but now they've got laws passed
in california trying to pass in texas to make it the law anyone that comes around children
including the way i see it written parents there's 120 something shots we're going to
make you take now some shots have up to six different things in them i mean killing us
openly i mean they tried this anthrax shots on the troops three different times and killed
so many people they had to stop but see it's over the top to see can we kill a bunch of
people maim them even take their kids i mean watch out if you want to sacrifice your baby
to satan when they shoot them up with all this keep them there because you know most
satanists don't want to actually get in trouble i mean if you're into killing your kid which
i know some of you are have the sacrament of the murder in the hospital but make sure
the hospital you know is openly with the killing or they're going to blame you when the kid
dies at home okay so i just understand your sacrament is very important because some of
you actually enjoy killing your children this is all kind of a little inside fun thing a
lot of abortionists it comes out i'm not joking by the way there a lot of abortionists it's
true the stranger the fiction a lot of abortionists it turns out get the job because they're satanist
you can look that up it's come out and they like to take the baby out at the nine month
and then chop it up right there and everybody gets off on it then they save little mementos
and i know i'm not trendy because i'm not into that i'm not really you know hanging
with the devil man you know it's fun get down with satan oh yeah chop that baby up i'm not
cool enough to get into that cat daddy yo baby yeah all right now speaking you guys
are all smiling in there was that uh particularly insane uh that's just we're not cool we like
babies you heard the abortionists when they're like please let us adopt the baby they are
ugly black babies we will kill them now everybody's like oh my gosh like that's racist to say
it's not good to kill the black baby that's actually in the news today uh they arrested
one of these guys for uh reportedly chopping them up after they were already out of the
body you know they could have been adopted right there uh richard and they're calling
it racist if you don't want to chop up the black babies are you a racist richard well
i guess we're all racist for being concerned about chase giving zero balances to people
for a period of time and i guess we're since we're all concerned about babies getting anthrax
vaccines that are in test phase in any phase period i guess we're racist for being concerned
about all they have a high kill rate i mean we got to kill these babies i mean that's
liberal well too many people richard it's kind of like uh that news story that you've
played over and over about the mercurys being beneficial from the new world no they said
mercury helps the child that's right helps kill them yeah your perspective it does help
the child so i guess uh we just had we're just not cool enough yet but uh we're working
on it though definitely on the racist side of being concerned about this you don't want
to kill babies i don't want to kill babies no i don't actually have the article out today
it's up at info wars.com it's racist to not want to have the abortions you didn't here's
the headline oh i believe you it's uh it's just amazing the anaconda uh just keeps on
squeezing and squeezing and squeezing the people of the whole world the new world richard
i wanted to get you in here for a win win win win win for our listeners you know we're
not supported by rockefeller foundation grants like mpr we're not supported by the new world
order and our stations aren't either a lot of our stations have signed up with info wars
health.com uh you know to promote the vitamins and minerals and then also make a profit for
themselves but i want to encourage listeners to sign up at info wars team.com today to
get discounts as distributors you get lower prices when you sign up for 10 bucks uh and
then you can also sign up and get free auto shipping you know when you sign up for auto
ship you get free shipping but i wanted to just tell people these really are amazing
products and i went out and found the best and your purchase makes the broadcast possible
so info wars health.com give us some of the info wars health.com news today extremist
racist well they really are amazing products that's one thing it's one it's immoral to
sell things we believe in to fund liberty though killing babies is trendy i'm sorry
go ahead well i guess we'll just have to be untrendy and stay out of that activity and
we want to help and save the babies and we want everybody's kids to grow up healthy and
because the way to counter all the stuff they're doing to us is what the building blocks our
body needs absolutely doc wallach has covered it on your show many times and alex you yourself
to talk about how we've got mineral depleted soils now where most of our crops are grown
and that brings in the necessity that all of us have and ultimately not just here in
the united states but all around the world that people need to be supplemented with the
miny-niny and so that's racist track i'm sorry i'm i'm gonna proceed and be racist but the
healthy star pack also known as the alex pack which contains the cancer beontane tangerine
the efas and also the osteo fx yeah explain that explain the new big study out about how
it kills the cancer cells in the colon that's right which is racist they just completed
a big clemson study research study on two of the signature products the beontane tangerine
and the ultimate classic and in here it talks about that when beontane tangerine ultimate
classic were administered to healthy human cell lines they did not induce or create any
inflammatory response in levels above and below the recommended dosages beontane tangerine
ultimate classic also showed inflammation protective properties and heightened the body's
protective responses to possible inflammation well that's not good it's the vaccines that
kill the baby when the brain swells so that's bad vaccine kill baby good uh this stuff bringing
down inflammation helping the immune system killing cancer cells bad exactly life bad
kill baby good it's biblical what's good is bad is good it's incredibly racist it's and
racist so what's not racist is racist but what is what is not racist is racist is racist
there we are so and then following that what's really key is they talk about here when these
products beontane tangerine ultimate classic are administered to healthy human colon cells
there was no significant death of healthy human cells compared to cancerous colon cells
ultimate classic killed ninety five percent of cancerous colon cells sixty five percent
of cancerous liver cells sixty five percent of cancerous stomach cells and thirty percent
of cancerous breasts and by the way wallach has sued over and over again whenever he does
big studies or has studies done to prove and beaten the fda over and over we had the lawyer
on last week you know top lawyer that's right the point is is that linus pauling already
found all this stuff and got a nobel prize in what was it 62 or something i mean they
already knew all this they just want people knowing this no they don't they don't want
people knowing it so i think the battle to keep covering up this information will only
intensify and these things that they throw to us that we're racist or we're that we're
whatever we are anti-human they'll keep throwing that at us because we're getting the word
out and alex jones is getting the truth out on his show so it is uh key here though that
they really talk about how that beyonce and tangerine and ultimate classic are killing
these cancer cells in these different organs and parts of the body so it's really an amazing
yeah but that's not big i mean that's not important well uh i think maybe to the new
world order it's probably not important they would love to cover that up but uh folks i
can't tell you you know we don't talk about the business side of young jeopardy very often
with infowars team infowars health but the beautiful part is young jeopardy products
are for everybody is the business opportunity for everybody no it's not it's not for everybody
but there are people out there there is if you're already a good salesman i want the
best products or you know for your church or your business or let's say your chiropractor
or medical doctor whoever i mean this is some really evil horrible top of the line uh super
foods uh super vitamins minerals almost 400 products infowarshealth.com and you support
us so we can do bad things like try to you know restrict abortion of nine-month-old babies
because you're also funding a really evil organization that you know tries to promote
people that are creating printable guns to defend the second amendment and just all the
other bad things we do you know liberty justice freedom bill of rights due process first amendment
i mean when you fund us by buying your products at infowarshealth.com by shopping with the
good guys uh you're just doing horrible things so well and let me tell you alex one of the
frequently asked questions right now is as a preferred customer how do i become a distributor
there are tons of folks out there now that have been wanting to become distributed and
get want information on it the easy way is just to go to infowarshealth infowars team
you can email call email catherine the email is on there on the website and she will help
you go through the steps of upgrading from preferred customer distributor catherine at
infowars.com and we've also got another great team you can call that toll-free number uh
right there on the site 888-789-9277 tell them you want to be a distributor thank you
for your extremism richard reeves
