We've got it
Waging war on corruption
It's Alex Jones coming to you live from the front lines of the info war
Ladies and gentlemen, it is Sunday the 10th day of February
2013 I
Am your host Alex Jones and Lord willing we'll be here for the next two hours as we are every Sunday
4 to 6 p.m. Central Standard Time
Okay, it is a big broadcast. Obviously if the world just gets crazier by the minute in the second hour
I will open the phones up for the families of veterans who have committed suicide
It's 22 a day and growing
It's it's growing every month
Unfortunately, and we're going to look at why this phenomenon is
exploding to
epic and
pandemic proportions
because the establishment wants to
Only focus on violence when they can get some power out of it and use the crisis to take basic liberties
They wanted swept under the rug dealing with not just suicide of the troops
But you guys print me suicide now number one cause of unnatural death in the u.s. Print me that in the 22 a day dead
Thank you, because I'll need that the second hour. I forgot to have those exhibits for people
For the TV viewers and radio listeners. We are streaming video at info wars news.com and prison planet
TV
Okay where to start today?
Day let me just go over the headlines
In fact, I intended to come in today to talk about the police state drones
Expanded war in the Middle East Israel strike in Syria may be first in a series Washington Post
But last night in this morning
I watched several times a video that Paul Watson's posting right now at info wars calm and prison planet calm
World Banker makes stunning confession, and it's James Wolf Denson, but it has a couple clips off financial
Channels TV as well
Something he said two years ago that we covered at the time
But I was reminded of it where they talked about how most of the West is going to be poor in the next decade now
The middle class is going to disappear
And he was telling
top PhD students
This here in the United States. What was it?
at Stanford Research Institute
Which is about as high level as it gets an actual technocratic training and
I just wanted to point out that this is all an engineered program on record, and I'm gonna write an article tomorrow
I'll have to write it tonight with Paul Watson, and then he'll finish it up in the morning
That's gonna be published at info wars calm if not tomorrow Tuesday, but by procrastinate
It will never get done. Just showing where the globalists admit. This is by design
because this doesn't have to happen and
I saw
That video and it reminded me. I did some more research last night and sure enough I
Go to drudge report calm probably 15 times a day
like I do info wars calm and
Realized about the two sites now. It's I got a wired some to and a couple other seen it but
And I saw these headlines out of Bloomberg China eclipses us as biggest trading nation measured in goods and
Then I saw this other one fed holdings of US
Government debt hit one point six nine six six nine one
Trillion up
257 percent under Obama, and I thought I would break this down today
I was already planning it, and I'm glad that drudge is concerned about it
because
This is not a big enough issue out there
I mean, it's not even on the radar screen for more stuff for most people
How did we even allow the communist dictatorial Chinese to own our debt, and what is this part of in the future?
And again, it's really not our debt most of it is derivatives. We've signed on to so I'm gonna be breaking down
This fact again and more to tell today because being aware of this is what is going to allow ourselves
To extricate ourselves from this engineered system the globalists have decided to transfer everything to India and China and the third world
They did and it's not going to benefit their people either
They've decided to impoverish us as a tool of political control
All this and a lot more a new cybersecurity power grab as well. It's all coming up. I'm Alex Jones
Transmitting worldwide you are listening to the voice of the resistance
It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria
Viruses moles and fungus can inflict severe damage in the human body
Fortunately a new and fastly improved silver solution has been developed
Super natural silver is a revolutionary broad-spectrum
antibacterial antiviral
antifungal solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin
Supernatural silver is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers using a patented technology
That is highly effective against coals flus infections food poisoning and yeast in addition to many other pathogens
supernatural silver is
scientifically supported extremely safe and is the number one choice of thousands of people for immune system support find out how
supernatural silver could change your life go to
supernatural silver comm and use the promo code healthy for 20% off that's
supernatural silver comm and like us on Facebook I
You I have sworn upon the altar of God
eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man
Thomas Jefferson, it's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network. I
Love to open the broadcast especially on the Sunday transmission with the words of Thomas Jefferson
It's like dumping a ocean of holy water on Count Dracula
it is
to the order of 10
The equivalent of drawing your fingernails across a chalkboard for authoritarian control freak
a sycophants worldwide ladies and gentlemen I want to thank you all for
Joining us on this Sunday
February 10th
2013
Global transmission we have a very important broadcast lined up for you yet again today
For all of our am&fm affiliates across the United States and people listening to the internet streams at info wars
Calm and prison planet comm as well as viewers at info wars news.com
Thank you so much for tuning in today. All right. Let me just do this. Let me just try
To just go over some headlines for you and then dive in
to the top stories that are military economic and authoritarian in nature dealing with
domestic drones Pentagon drones being used now in the manhunt for the reported
rampaging former cop
Who's shooting people and then the police are keep shooting vehicles that aren't even the same color or make a model. They've now
Attacked and shot up. They're saying a second but from my reading it's the third vehicle that looks nothing like it
I mean you could be driving a
you could be driving a
Unicycle and they go crazy. What is behind this hysteria the wicked flee when none pursue. I think it's a Bible verse
I'm not saying the LAPD are all wicked
But this this is a hysterical activity coming up huge asteroid will miss by 15 minutes
That's what NASA says using a timing of the fact that it was at its speed of
17,000 miles an hour that's about 15 minutes away from the earth or inside the main belt of satellites
but the asteroid
Is also 17,000 miles away when it passes not just moving that fast. So NASA says everything is going to be absolutely a-okay
And I tend to believe them because if a real ashram is gonna be hitting us they wouldn't be telling us about it
I can assure you but they say in the hundred years or so. They've been tracking asteroids
With telescopes and radio systems. This is the closest one has ever passed and it would be
The hundreds of thousands of megatons the equivalent of hydrogen bombs going off if it was to actually
Hit the planet Earth
Okay, so that story is obviously important, but we'll cover it more a little bit later in the transmission
the storm that has
hit the
North East has killed reportedly 10 people and left millions without power and stranded 700,000 individuals and
My only question is this why is FEMA again putting up signs outside their offices saying closed for the storm
I thought they're the people that are going to protect us winter storm Barry's Northeast leaves 10 dead
700,000 powerless I also was reading stranded New Englanders are digging out three feet of snow
And I said before feet and stranded motors were still being reached by emergency crews early Sunday in front of the biggest blizzards of generation
Left at least 10 people dead and over
700,000 electricity across the Northeast of course the answer
To Nemo or Nemo the storm
Is to pay Al Gore more money because every time there's bad weather hot or cold
Al Gore says pay carbon credits on all carbon dioxide that plants breathe and this bad weather will stop
There's always bad weather somewhere in the world. There's tens of thousands of microclimates
in the planet
But that's just some of the news on that front
Israel is saying they may strike Syria on a routine basis now and again. I'm not an enemy of Israel, but at the same time
Assad didn't attack anybody he's been pretty mainline the last decade since his dad died and
Our government and NATO are putting al-qaeda in Libya and Syria to take over those countries
And they're engaged in ethnic cleansing of Christians and Muslim minorities, and it's all on record and you turn on CNN
It's like the valiant freedom fighters move towards
Damascus and on and on while they're they're the ones attacking and they're the ones committing the atrocities. This is not some internal
operation to overthrow
the Assad regime
The the interests that have hijacked our country
The people that have conquered us through financial fraud
I'm gonna get to that in a moment are the ones using al-qaeda to take over Libya and Syria, and it's totally immoral
It's a preemptive
Invasion and some say oh come on Alex. Let's get rid of Arab dictators
What get rid of Mubarak and then put the Muslim Brotherhood in?
Who are now running around sexually mutilating women and you know everything else?
I mean put put something ten times worse in
In fact how about a hundred times worse because the Muslim Brotherhood's just funding fronting for the Saudi Arabia
And the jihadis and now put actual al-qaeda and living in Syria, and they're beheading Christians
And that's in the foreign news, but not on the news here
I mean
It's Twilight Zone
And then if I fly the TSA wants to grab my genitals because al-qaeda might be hiding in my Calvin Klein underwear
Or might be hiding in my Fruit of the Loom underwear
While the government runs al-qaeda, I mean listen. I'm done. Okay. I'm done
Here's the Washington Post Israeli strike in Syria might be first in series
And they just say oh we've taken four or five miles in a buffer zone
They already took some of that back in the 60s and why not just take the whole country as a buffer zone
And they say because of al-qaeda
You've got to love the fact that Israel NATO the United States. That is the interest running these countries
The people are all pretty much the same. It's one a good future for the children whether you're Syrian Israeli American French
Pretty much humans are humans people are people
But just the the bizarreness that they're doing this and the media is not even making a big issue out of it even though
We know it's controlled media. This is bizarre. I mean this would be like saying
Superman is Lex Luthor. You'd go no. He's not Superman's the enemy of Lex Luthor
it's it's it's it's that dumbed down and
Bizarro to use another term
Out of comic books that this is going on that it doesn't even compute for me
I mean, that's how stupid the system thinks you are the propaganda is targeted at about a third grade level literally
The bad man wear turban we take your rights and set up checkpoint for a bad man in turban
I'm like well, and we're all lucky CIA. It's been leaked and confirmed that he hangs out at the Pentagon and got orders
No, he's bad man in turban. No. No he works for you. What you say America al-qaeda no criminal
Elements that have hijacked America are using al-qaeda to take over whoever they want and to menace us
So the system can play the part of the good cop and take our rights you understand that the foreign banks of the good cop
The bad cop is al-qaeda. It's very elementary
It's very elementary
Senator Palpatine hires mercenaries to attack his own planet to become dictator that star wars episode 3
Five-year-olds can figure it out can adults figure it out. Can you figure it out? Can you figure it out?
Can you figure it out? That is the 64 trillion dollar question?
All right when we come back here, that's just some of the news DHS
watchdog
Okays
Suspicionless seizures of electronic devices along border and the problem is they grab US citizens computers
And sometimes just don't give them back when you fly in and then the last time before they got stopped
They were doing it to anybody that flew they just take your laptop and download the contents without a warrant
Police are now doing this with your cell phones saying it's not part of your person papers or effects
Really fourth amendment person papers or effects my iPhone is not my effects
And then we've got another one even bigger here
cispa back
hacking online espionage
Resurrect cybersecurity bill which even seen at news that CBS shows is Russian or Chinese style
Internet censorship so all of that is coming up, but first when we come back the top stories
We have been maneuvered by design to be debtors to the communist Chinese and the globalists are on record saying they're going to impoverish
Americans but also lessoners as a tool of political control
And I'm gonna tie that into the police state Christopher Dorner the first u.s.
Homeland drone strike victim current TV saying that the Al Jazeera and Al Gore run system
And we've got it also out of Reuters, but it's not true because
Look at this meet the North Dakota family of anti-government separatists busted by cops using a predator drone. That was two years ago
They're using drones all the time the military industrial complex that Dwight D
Eisenhower warned us about but I guess he's with al-qaeda
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans here is the Cal Ben soap company
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years these all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality
Vegetable and coconut oils that are earth-friendly and safe see them on the web at five star soap
Dot-com or call eight hundred three four zero seven zero nine one for a free catalog
by the one to two months sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what you're using now or
Save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs
This is an amazing deal you can save thousands of dollars
And you will love the way real soap makes you feel see them on the web at five star soap calm or call
eight hundred three four zero seven zero nine one for a free catalog
Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers the prognosis for the entire
Planetary economic system runs from bad to worse the globalist model is to shut down
Societies and starve patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover
That's why we've assembled the most vital and important preparedness items at info wars shop calm
These are items that I did research on that
I personally use you've got the life straw so you can turn fetid water into safe water anywhere
You go the Ktor hand crank generator to charge up key equipment during power outages are out in the field strategic
Relocation third edition by Joel Skousen when disaster strikes by Matthew Stein
Thera-safe used by Homeland Security to protect yourself during any radiological event and crank shortwave AM FM radios
Everything that we've researched and found to be the best is available at info war shop calm and your purchase makes our info war
Possible we're getting prepared are you info wars shop calm?
You prepare by purchasing gold food and firearms
But if you don't have a home security system
And you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection when you're sleeping or away from home
Who's watching out for intruders check out simply safe?
It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless go to get simply safe calm
Simply safe is independent and off the grid it runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down you are protected
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home business boat trailer storage unit or shed get simply safe calm
Simply safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes
So there's no need to let a stranger into your home if you move or need to relocate you can take the system with you
Wherever you go you aren't always at home, but simply safe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day seven days a week
Again, that's get simply safe calm
Introducing pro wine all of your filtration in one system portable on the go no more
Do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride you have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to?
95% of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
Aquametics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element
It is the only one that does it and out of the gates we have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides
herbicides chloramines
ammonia and chlorine
Hydrofluorosolic acid the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate
Get your pro pure with a new pro one filters today at info war store comm or by calling 888-25-33139
5 3 3 1 3 9
Coast-to-coast direct from Austin you're listening to the alex jones broadcasting network network
From Austin, Texas broadcasting worldwide, it's alex jones
Back my friends Alex Jones here live as we are every Sunday 4 to 6 p.m.. The syndicated weekday transmission
Of course 11 a.m.. To 2 p.m.. Central Standard Time as well
Okay where to start here in the second hour, I'm gonna open the phones up specifically
for the families and
Those that have been victimized by the the epidemic of suicides
by active duty, but also of veterans now 22 a day as of just a few weeks ago and
the mainstream media
Doesn't want to focus on this the system the establishment just wants to wrap itself
in the heroism of the men and women of the Armed Services
and their missions
And get reflected glory from it
And then speak for them while stealing their pension funds while using them for guinea pigs and medical experiments
the list goes on and on we're gonna really talk about this in the
second hour on the Sunday transmission and
Humanize these folks you can hear them call in hear their names
I
Mean I myself could go pull up local news articles all over the place
I mean I know people who've got family in the military who've committed suicide. I know you know people
I mean, it's 22 a day. It's it's it's over
10,000 just the last few years
It dwarfs combat
Related fatalities and so you're gonna hear all this hype about 20 dead children at Sandy Hook
And we need to turn our guns in or you're gonna hear we got to shut down all of Southern
California and have a total police state forever because one
Individual allegedly goes crazy and kills three police
But you're not gonna hear the media get all hysterical and chew their fingernails and hide under the table over 22
servicemen and women
Committing suicide every single day so we're going to be hearing from callers
I mean I could easily get family you know members of folks that have died here in studio
But instead we'll just hear from you
Specifically if you've lost family direct family close relationships
direct family close relation, and we don't screen calls here, but occasionally I
Give out the number
And say you know only on this topic and so it is only on that topic when I give the number out at the end
Of the hour coming up here in about 37 minutes from now
So stand by for that we want to get your take on the situation on why you think it's happening
I mean I I know why it's happening. It's a cocktail of reasons, but too many tours
Psychotropic drugs experimental drug programs
And coming home, and there's not being jobs and a lot of people are scared of this and they shouldn't make a statistically
They're not any more violent than anybody else in fact some of the best workers out there in my experience
But you got a lot of people that don't like veterans, and you got Homeland Security saying they're the number one terror threat
Well I guess if you're afraid of Americans taking the country back ever
I guess the British government listed former veterans of the Red Coats and former veterans of the French in
Indian War
To be rounded up and have their guns turned in in 1775 this isn't the first time
Corrupt empires have tried to disarm the veterans
After the czars fell the Soviets did it well before they became the Soviet Empire the communists did it the Bolsheviks did it?
I don't want to digress into a history lesson. I'm gonna get to that in the next few minutes
I want to digress into a history lesson. I'm gonna get to that in the next segment on why we've been maneuvered by the globalist
To be absolutely bankrupted by design and I want to break down how that ties into agenda 21
China eclipses us as big as trading nation measured in goods
Bloomberg
And we'll get into what the fellow reserves up to now now. That's the real rubicon right there as of 2012 numbers
They've now come out month and a half later as they always did
The only reason the US is still a bigger GDP than China is the fiat money the Federal Reserve notes
and they're
They're rapidly devaluing those because here in this article
Feds holdings of US government debt notice it says feds. That's the private fellow reserve
But they're backed up by the treasury so they want to buy it because the US taxpayer has to back it up
They buy it with Fiat zeros and ones Federal Reserve just puts it on a ballot sheet
they buy our debt and then sell it to the communist Chinese and others or hold it and
Then we in turn the American people have to pay it back to the Fed
Which is the private Federal Reserve set up by Standard Oil and others in 1913?
It's just a giant who can't just arrest these people like Bernie Madoff and Ken Lay
Just it can all in real quick sure it takes some triaging debt riding and off
They're already writing off this debt by the way there
They're fake debt
They just use it as a black hole to shove our money into to get us more into debt because again when you're involved in
Fiat the only reason it's valuable is getting us to accept it and believe it's our debt to then get real assets
It's not just getting the real assets it's being able to selectively
enforce
And shut down your competition. You know just 30 years ago if you study the history of it
When Republicans got in office they would audit all the Democrats
That is Democrats in federal government
They would harass them when Democrats got in they would do the same thing and the kibosh kind of got put on that with Nixon
So I guess about 38 years ago or so he got in trouble for that
now
The parties don't do it to each other so much because they're all one big criminal gang at the top of the committee chairman level
They do it to the American people and they do it to former CIA
FBI
Folks that haven't told the line and the words out there keep your mouth shut or you'll you know
We'll come take everything you got. I mean it's just such intimidation
They're arresting whistleblowers that expose torture and putting them in jail for 30 months. I mean you know the CIA guy last week
Just got convicted. I mean if this is
when liberty and freedom fails the best men rot in filthy jails and
Those that cried appease appease are hung by those they tried to please I mean there's no doubt
That
You know what a red and silver 57 Chevy looks like
You know what a 69 Corvette looks like don't you?
You know what an elephant looks like
This looks like a big nasty stinking dangerous horrible aggressive malignant super cancer tyranny
super cancer tyranny
Government gone absolutely crazy haywire power trip from every level
Unaccountable more and more the only areas of the country still growing still prospering despite the depression
Are areas that were behind the curve on big government like, Texas
But we're still an incredible third world police state compared to many other
Areas in our past. It's just that we are we're a part of the body
You know a group of organs that don't have all the deadly cancer completely yet, and we're not going into organ failure yet
So everybody's like running here as a lifeboat. It's being swamped
And the globalist goal is to swamp us is to sink us
I'm gonna explain that in the next segment in fact. I said in the next segment
I'm already into the next segment haven't gotten to my next big piece of news when we come back. I'll get into Christopher Dorner and
Again the story is overblown and hyped
But in the story you can educate and inform people about how the world really works
So it is a treasure trove despite the fact that it's a tragedy to understand the mind of megalomania and
delusional fruitcake ism I
Mean the gleam in the sky's eyes the pride you can look at his manifesto all of it. This is real
This isn't one of their staged events
It illustrates the spirit infecting government will be right back
You may be arrested and or subject to other police action.
Tyranny is here the grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality
It really says that the state is God the United States is now recognized globally as one of the most impressive
Police states on earth this film conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps now being expanded nationwide
This documentary exposes how the continuity of government program has established an all-powerful shadow state
Police state 4 chronicles the sickening depths to which our Republic has fallen
Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship body scammers sound cameras citizen spies
Stage terror and cameras on every street corner. It's only the beginning of the New World Order's hellish plan
The police state isn't coming. It's here secure your copy today
At infowars.com or see it online in the highest quality at prisonplanet.tv
Looking back on
2012 I know personally I'm thanking God that my family and I made it through the year from natural disasters like hurricane Sandy and the
devastating summer drought to the family hardships brought on by a
Disastrous economy our hearts go out to those that have lost everything my friends at e foods direct hear from customers every day
But are fortunate to weather life's storm by having a supply of food on hand Danny from New York City wrote in following hurricane
Sandy and said almost all the grocery stores are closed
But I managed to get my e foods just in time to be able to help my sister and my niece bottom line
It's better to be prepared ten years too early and one day too late
He'd common sense is warning and do what I've done call eight hundred four. Oh nine five six three three today
Or go to e foods direct comm forward slash Alex
They have the best-tasting long-term storable food on the planet call eight hundred four oh nine five six three three
And ask about the Alex Jones special or go to e foods direct comm forward slash Alex get self-sufficient today call eight hundred four
Oh nine five six three three or e foods direct comm forward slash Alex
Now that we have moved into the winter season
There is an increased need to support our immunity and health at silver lungs
We are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection of silver based products
Our most popular silver based products are the 32 ounce nano silver solutions our 2 ounce nano silver nasal
Applicators as well as our all-natural silver soaps
Just released is our 100% natural silver gel
Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface
But rather we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera
To quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more effectively
visit
www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver based products are best for you
That's www.silverlungs.com
It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria viruses moles and fungus can inflict severe damage in the human body
Fortunately a new and vastly improved silver solution has been developed
Supernatural silver is a revolutionary broad-spectrum antibacterial
antiviral antifungal solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin
Super natural silver is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers using a patented
Technology that is highly effective against colds flus infections food poisoning and yeast in addition to many other pathogens
supernatural silver is
scientifically supported
Extremely safe and is the number one choice of thousands of people for immune system support find out how?
Supernatural silver could change your life go to www.supernaturalsilver.com and use the promo code
Healthy for 20% off that's www.supernaturalsilver.com and like us on Facebook
Coast to coast direct from Austin you're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network
Network Network
He aligns himself with the truth and it's time for you to choose a side you're listening to Alex Jones
There is no turning back on the road on the run
The news websites are infowars.com and prisonplanet.com
and
The site where we have the nightly news weeknight seven o'clock
We also stream video of the weekday radio show and of course the Sunday four to six special
Transmission are all streamed at info wars news. That's one word infowarsnews.com
That will take you over to prison planet
TV
Okay where to begin on this subject of Christopher Dorner I?
Covered some of this on Friday the mo when does something have the telltale signs of being staged when doesn't it?
When the media seizes on something instantly with a scripted focus of talking points. They are
Using a crisis to take liberties or they allowed it to happen or involved and there have been cases of all of those
permutations on record of staged events or provocateurs events
Throughout history not just with our government, but countless other governments. I've read the manifesto the two manifestos
and
It fits into the narcissistic kind of mental illness of someone who's kicked out of the party
You know Oh special ops anti-terror training and then assigned a guy that's gonna be Jack Bauer
24 and then he's assigned to the LAPD and all the corruption he sees and he says that you know he sees
Racism and so now the media is like maybe it is racism. We're gonna reopen his firing case in
2007 2008 and
You know all of this
Tells you that it's a real event now regardless of all of this
They could certainly piggy bank
other things on it
To kind of use this down the road to save this crisis
To put it in that political piggy bank to use the capital later
California has introduced legislation that makes people turn in all their semi-automatics it that's gonna cause even faster
Exodus from California, which is exactly what the globalists want they want it to implode so they can consolidate power
But regardless you've had now several vehicles
Shot up one case wasn't even a truck and another case was the wrong make and model wrong color
The guy had a silver truck. It's a blue truck with women in it, and there's no apologies
It's just we're scared and the image of tens of thousands of police up in the snow-capped mountains of California
Running around in giant
Armored combat gear that they can hardly walk in it. It's ridiculous
Police officers are supposed to be investigators. They're supposed to be community service. They're supposed to be peacemakers
they're supposed to be peace officers, but see they've militarized police and
and
Made them part of Homeland Security and and military goes and kills people and breaks things and so that's the military we have
here domestically now and
You're going to have some of their people go haywire
Because they're there they've been
Educated and trained and prepped and prepared I mean if you train to pit bull all day to go out and attack
People don't be surprised when it goes out and attacks people you're like yeah
But they're supposed to target terrorists or they're supposed to target bad guys well. What if the system is the bad guys?
it's going to turn inward on itself and
The larger issue in all of this is
you've got one guy that's killed three people and shot two others allegedly reportedly and
You've got the police
Because I've watched it on the news. You've watched it the photos the combat gear of the the beat cops walking around with
Sound suppression silencers on 308s reapers
M4 m16s you name it and the cops literally are acting like they could die any minute
I mean I go do speaking engagements and don't have any security there to check anybody and I walk out and talk to
2,000 people and I'm not even scared. I just walk out there something's gonna happen
It's gonna happen just like I drove here today, but the most dangerous thing you can do is drive
And and I don't know shaking and scared the whole time
I try to drive defensively
but it just shows the cultural mind control because I've watched a lot of this and I've watched local news feeds and
These aren't cops that know they're being videotaped out of store windows by by the local news
I mean I mean the cops are running around in a giant drama queen
pity party
We have become a nation of drama queens not just the police and not all police departments are like this
And I know some LAPD people as well, and they never acted like this. I mean this is drama queen central
And
the globalist plan on
Record now to have a civil war that they instigate and start in this country
By targeting gun owners harassing gun owners when gun owners start fighting back start resisting
They're gonna be called terrorists and a lot of people are gonna say, okay. I'm a terrorist
I'm gonna start going out there and going after people and I've always made this point. We don't want to go there
That's the last place we want to be see
I'm not a guy dressed up in a bunch of
Darth Vader gear trying to act tough and staying there on a street corner trying to scare little kids understand. I've really studied history. I
I know what a real war will be
I know the globalists want it because they win either way because it's gonna destroy our economy and destroy our culture
But the entire preparation isn't to fight al-qaeda now in the training manuals the TV shows
The dramas on TV to get the public ready for it like I hate Paul Revere and founding fathers
That the new al-qaeda is gun owning conservatives
That's the new West Point reports two different ones saying the Tea Party's gonna join al-qaeda, and you know that's ridiculous
They don't care maybe 10% of public's Tea Party. They're gonna tell the 90% that we're al-qaeda
West Point now teaches that the Army War College now teaches that they have TV shows
It's not real like founding fathers where the militia leader is really al-qaeda, but the militia doesn't know
You're like, but that's just ridiculous. I mean the Tea Party would never it doesn't matter
It's on TV, and you've got a bunch of people like these cops in LA
Who statistically more of them are gonna die this week in car wrecks and more citizens are gonna die with scared cops shooting them
They pulled a guy over and he was white in a car not a truck and they shot him
They said okay, you can go and then as he drove off. They shot him
They shot up his vehicle just craziness
Just just just absolute
mania because they're trained and they watch these cop shows and terror shows all day and that al-qaeda is hiding under every chair and
Right-wingers are hiding everywhere. You're gonna go out now and start fights with people
You know I've talked about how I get sick of bike riders on the hike and bike trail when there's a 10-foot wide trail they'll
Come over in your area and say get out of their way most of them are very nice
But I was out hiking while I was running up a hill with my buddy the other day Richard
and I'm gonna tell the story to you know, bring it all together to admit I do this too and
these bike riders come down the big 15-foot wide hill and
They're on their side. I'm on mine and the guys kind of get a little bit close to me and one guy goes hey
Get out of the way Alex
And I turned around to the guy and I said, what did you say
he goes I'm talking to this guy and
And Richard goes, yeah, no. No, he was saying get out of my way or get off the brakes
I'd miss that part the guys named Alex up there. It's like David or John
And but but here I am I'm not taking crap off anybody
Okay, and and that wasn't intended for me and I wasn't looking for a fight. I just can't help it
I turned around said what'd you say to me?
And I just got to learn to not go off half-cocked. Well, it's the same system
The police are out there just looking for terrorists everywhere and you're going to make the people that
Pushing us around getting in our face and look the military and the Pentagon knows this when they're actually trying to take over an area
They kiss everyone's butt treat them with great respect give them all sorts of cash free stuff
Because you want the the hearts and minds when you look at what the globalist are doing and it's not just me looking at what?
They're doing I've got all their white papers and reports. They say they're going to start a civil war in America where the right-wing and
Libertarians have a shooting war with the police then they'll bring in the UN the communist and I for
After we've all killed each other. I've got an idea
Let's not play this game
How's that sound? Let's figure out the scam. Let's figure out how this really works and let's go around it
You
Prepare by purchasing gold food and firearms
But if you don't have a home security system
Then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection when you're sleeping or away from home
Who's watching out for intruders check out simply safe. It's a new do-it-yourself home security system
That is completely wireless go to get simply safe calm
Simply safe is independent and off the grid it runs on battery power
So even if the grid goes down you're protected
It's completely customizable so you can use it in your home business boat trailer storage unit or shed get simply safe
calm
Simply safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes
So there's no need to let a stranger into your home
If you move or need to relocate you can take the system with you wherever you go
You aren't always at home, but simply safe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day seven days a week
Again, that's get simply safe calm looking back on 2012
I know personally I'm thanking God that my family and I made it through the year from natural disasters like hurricane Sandy and the
Devastating summer drought to the family hardships brought on by disastrous economy our hearts go out to those that have lost everything
My friends at e foods direct hear from customers every day that are fortunate to weather life's storm by having a supply of food on
Hand Danny from New York City wrote in following hurricane Sandy and said almost all the grocery stores are closed
But I managed to get my e foods just in time to be able to help my sister and my niece bottom line
It's better to be prepared 10 years too early and one day too late
He'd common sense is warning and do what I've done call eight hundred four. Oh nine five six three three today
Or go to e foods direct comm forward slash Alex. They have the best tasting long-term storable food on the planet call
804 oh nine five six three three and ask about the Alex Jones special or go to e foods direct comm forward slash Alex get
Self-sufficient today call eight hundred four oh nine five six three three or e foods direct comm forward slash Alex
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans
Here is the cow Ben soap company Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years
These all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth friendly and safe
See them on the web at five star soap comm or call eight hundred three four zero seven zero nine one for a free catalog
by the one to two months sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what you're using now or
Save big with a one to two year supply of soaps or all your cleaning needs
This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars, and you will love the way real soap makes you feel
See them on the web at five star soap comm or call eight hundred three four zero seven zero nine one for a free catalog
It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, moles, and fungus can inflict severe damage in the human body.
Fortunately a new and fastly improved silver solution has been developed.
Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary broad-spectrum antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin.
Supernatural Silver is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers using a patented technology that is highly effective against
colds, flus, infections, food poisoning, and yeast in addition to many other pathogens.
Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe, and is the number one choice of thousands of people for immune system support.
Find out how Supernatural Silver could change your life.
Go to SupernaturalSilver.com and use the promo code healthy for 20% off.
That's SupernaturalSilver.com and like us on Facebook.
We're leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order.
It's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Coming up in the next hour that's only about 14 minutes away or so, we're going to start talking to the family members of servicemen and women that have committed suicide.
An unprecedented epidemic, seven times what it was at the end of the Vietnam era, the previous record for suicides.
I want to focus in on this and humanize these heroes the media wants to ignore.
They want to use their heroics to try to sell the globalist tyranny agenda but actually dehumanize the individual.
So here's the toll free number.
I know it's hard to talk about but we'd like to hear from you.
The toll free number to join us is 877-789.
Alex, that's 877-789-2539.
We have a different number here on the Sunday show than the weekday show because Genesis takes our calls and routes them through on the weekday show.
We're doing it all produced here in house in Austin, Texas on Sundays, 4 to 6 p.m. Central, 877-789.
Alex, 877-789-2539.
And we'd like to hear you talk about what happened and why you think it happened in the next hour.
Okay, so that said, you've got the slow militarization of police that actually started with Darryl Gates and the CIA.
That's been declassified wanting to militarize police back in the 60s, 70s and 80s.
It started in L.A. as the model.
They had shows like SWAT and pretty soon every department wanted to be paramilitary.
And the military trains to kill people and break things and fight an enemy.
So if you have a domestic military, who do they fight?
Well, us, the enemy.
And the mainline army and Marines have resisted this mission because they constitutionally have had it handed down that that's illegal.
The country started over troops on the streets and gun confiscation in 1776.
So what they're doing is just finding cops that will do it.
And a lot of these guys that are really true soldiers and are tough, you know, the tougher somebody is, the meaner somebody is, the nicer they are.
And the more they're not looking for trouble.
And the more they're also intelligence tends to go with the package.
And so your real warriors don't want to go around dominating men, women and children.
So they find the swollen, roid head, tough guy.
They'll always have that gleam in their eye, that big smile.
They think they're rock stars.
This is a bunch of dress up time, like three year old girls dressing up like princesses or boys dressing up like Spider-Man.
And that's fine when you're five years old or three years old, you're supposed to give that up when you get older.
And I see so many of these cops that you'll get in your face or start fights with people.
You've seen the videos online where somebody's done nothing wrong and they attack them.
There's a story up at drugsreport.com on the right hand side down towards the bottom now.
That's an info wars dot com report where before this thing in California started.
What is San Bernardino? These people are out there mile off the road in the mountains hiking.
And a police helicopter flies around in circles and lands and is like, why are you videotaping me?
I'm going to search you without a warrant.
Turned out they had no reason. It was just pure harassment.
And that that that town and county is going bankrupt, but they've got a whole bunch of helicopters.
And it's just that attitude of if you're going to be in a uniform and be packing heat, you better respect it.
But see, government is kind of ganged up now to not respect that.
Well, you're not going to be respected like our Mexican police respected our North Korean police respected.
No, they're not. In Spain, they don't respect the police anymore.
They were respectable in times past. More and more in Germany, they're not respected because they act like a bunch of thugs.
In Russia, they're not respected. In fact, most places, everybody knows the police are crooks in uniforms.
And, you know, if you're a good cop in those departments, you're out of the force or you're a joke.
You're compartmentalized and they laugh at you because you won't take the hookers and the money and all the rest of it.
And believe me, folks, just in my life, the things I've run into in Dallas and Los Angeles and New York, the parties I've been at, the things I've seen.
And I'm sure you've seen it, too. I mean, it's the police delivering the drugs to the party.
It's the police running the hookers. And again, I'm at places that aren't even, you know, party places.
And I'm like, I'm getting out of here. And I've run into this throughout my life.
Stop being naive. Government is dangerous. You better keep it small.
You better keep it under control or it will eat your lunch. You keep it on a leash or it'll put you on one.
That's an Alex Jones quote right there. You keep government on a short leash or it's going to put you on one.
Their officials, their authorities, they fly on Air Force One's. They've got the red carpet.
They're kings. Government is kings. And through that above the law power, everyone that works for the government is now a lord.
Well, my forebearers fought against that and I'm not going along with it.
But news flashed all the tough guys that are training for this civil war.
And it's not Al Qaeda pop up targets now. It's guys with John Deere hats actually have these, you know, good old boys you're practicing killing.
Let me tell you, you better hope the globalist civil war doesn't start. You're scared to death.
They've got patrol cops off the streets on motorcycles or foot because of one guy in Southern California, a state of 38 million people.
Twenty something million of them in Southern California. You start a fight with one hundred and sixty million gun owners.
You let the global social engineers start this. The Bolshevik collectivist.
You let them get you into this while they sit back. Do you have any idea what's going to happen if one percent of that one point?
One percent of one hundred and sixty million fight back and just go out.
And go after one person and then disappear, never seen again. That's one point six million combatants.
Can you do the math? That's as many police there are in this country.
Oh, but that's part of the globalist plan there. They plan to have patriots engage in a nine to the long knives.
You don't know what that is. Look it up against you. That was Hitler's purge of the military and police that had helped him come to power, but still did it because they were scared of him or were intimidated into it.
And then Hitler had several other purges and so did Fidel Castro, so did Hugo Chavez, so did Stalin, so did Lenin, so did Mao, so did Pol Pot, so did the leader of the North Vietnamese Ho Chi Minh.
See, I know history. That's why I'm so freaked out right now. I know history.
And I know there's a global corporate crime syndicate that's bought off all major governments and mopping up the few little governments they didn't control playing us off against each other.
And they want the patriots and the police and the military to kill each other.
And every preparation they've made is for this. And Homeland Security is for this. And now the TV shows are about how this is coming.
The dramas show that your wife, your husband, your neighbor, your school teacher, your boss is now being caught.
Guys that wear Gadsden flag shirts, guys that talk about George Washington, guys that talk about the Second Amendment, guys that talk about the New World Order.
Oh, they're really al-Qaeda. Now, if you're informed, that's ridiculous. But you see, it doesn't matter. They're targeting Joe Dumbo's six pack out there.
Shally Shocker Mom, who doesn't know her head from a hole in the ground.
Now, again, when we start the next hour, we're going to take about 45 minutes of people that have lost family members to suicide in the military.
I know it's hard to talk about, but we need to humanize this situation. We need to focus on this epidemic that's coming up in the next hour.
For most of the next hour, I will spend the last segment on some of the most important info. But let me just give you that number, 877-789.
Alex, 877-789-2539. For families that have lost people to suicide, or if you're in the military and you've lost a friend, I should add that.
I meant to add that at the start of the broadcast. If you had a buddy who committed suicide, what led to that? What do you think caused that?
Why is it epidemic? We should be talking about this. Like, why is breast cancer epidemic almost 3,000 percentage points what it was in the 50s?
Here in the United States, we lead the world. Why is breast cancer epidemic? I know why. It's estrogen mimickers in the plastics and the food.
The studies are out there, but it's never on the news. That's why girls are having babies at eight years old and going to puberty at three years old now.
Puberty average was 14 years old and back in the 50s, now it's about 10. Three-year-olds are going into puberty now. Don't believe me? Just type it into a search engine.
Eight-year-olds are having babies. Seven-year-olds are having babies. Women are hyper-feminized. The plastics make the men become feminized.
I mean, I know the reason, but see, should it be find a cure to breast cancer or find out why it's happening?
If you had like 1,000 people a day getting hacked up with machetes, you want to know who's doing this, not let's find a cure to machete hacks.
You know, it's the same thing, so we're going to be talking about that, but I'll get into it after we take about 45 minutes of calls on this all-important subject.
We're going to get into the video that's now up at infowars.com because the globalists admit they're planning this.
World Banker makes stunning confession. James Wolfdinson, former top globalist World Bank president, Bilderberg group member, just bragging how they're going to make the less poor.
See, once they've done that, it's game over. Once you're living in a dirt-floor deal with two hours of electricity a day and your kid's basically on the edge of starvation, you're not going to be so uppity anymore.
You see, the global mega-rich don't want free market. They don't want wealth. They're going to try to drown the free market and make us all poor, and I don't like it.
And I believe you need to know about the real war going on. Those of you who want to act like you're real men, the real fight's happening right now.
Second hour's coming up. Tell your friends and family to tune in right now. However you're listening.
You may be arrested and or subject to other police action.
The tyranny is here. The grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality.
It really says that the state is God.
The United States is now recognized globally as one of the most oppressive police states on earth.
This film conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps now being expanded nationwide.
This documentary exposes how the continuity of government program has established an all-powerful shadow state.
Police State 4 chronicles the sickening depths to which our republic has fallen.
Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship.
Body scammers, sound cameras, citizen spies, stage terror and cameras on every street corner.
It's only the beginning of the New World Order's hellish plan.
The police state isn't coming. It's here.
Secure your copy today at infowars.com or see it online in the highest quality at prisonplanet.tv.
Aquamedics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element.
It is the only one that does it and out of the gates we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine.
Hydrofluorosilic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro-Pure with the new Pro-One filters today at infowarstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Coast to coast, direct from Austin. You're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
From his Central Texas Command Center, deep behind enemy lines, the information war continues.
It's Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
The reported shooter of the police has put out a new statement. We'll see if that's for real.
But again, it could be staged as well. My gut says it's real just by looking at the way there's the establishments responding, how it was floated out there.
You can disagree with me if you want. But accused killer cheered by the left. We are all Chris Dorner.
These people are so sick. A pro gun control guy. See, I haven't even seized on that to demonize the gun grabbers.
Just truly disgusting. Absolutely, truly, truly disgusting.
So we're going to be breaking some of that some of that down now.
Now, here's the deal. I can open the phones up to Australia and have, you know, 15 people calling from Australia and I can open the phones up to police and have 15 police call in.
And that was something I was thinking about, having the police call in to give their take on this Dorner.
Look at this headline. CBS News support growing for former L.A. officer accused of killing spree. Good God.
Yeah. And they're like, oh, we're going to open the case for you while you were fired.
It's such political correctness, you know, like, well, if it's like Django, you're killing evil white people.
That's OK. Man, I tell you, this is sick. See, that's how that's when you really know they're spinning it and they weren't behind it is when they're like saying it's now a good thing.
It's getting you imagine. Anyways, we haven't gotten but one call from someone who says they lost a family member from suicide in the military.
And I know this is an epidemic. Twenty two people a day. I know it's hard to talk about if you've lost a buddy in the military to suicide or you knew people well that did.
We'd like to hear from you because it's important. It hasn't been given the focus it needs. Eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, nine, Alex, eight, seven, seven, seven, seven, eight, nine, Alex, eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, nine, two, five, three, nine.
That's the Sunday phone number call. But Chris, you're coming up the next segment. Let's get to John in Colorado.
And then Kathy, Jay and Jeffrey first. John, you're on the air. Go ahead. All righty. We're going to take that callers that phone system down. Let's talk to Kathy in Oregon.
Kathy, you're on the air. Alex, you know, I would say if you don't stand for something, you would fall for anything.
And, you know, I've been listening to your show here for the past week or so, and you've been talking about this guy in California, the state law officer or former officer.
And, you know, it's just so hard to believe anything the media says, you know, and I don't know where is this guy, you know, and they weren't ready for it.
They didn't have the job. It doesn't fit what would help them. You understand? Again, I've studied him so long, but I mean, do you disagree?
Well, here's the thing. I mean, these guys, the government, they're so diabolical. They could just, you know, say that he's Obama on Piers Morgan lover to make it look like they're not involved.
And, you know, whatever the thing they're trying to use this whole, whatever they're trying to use this for, whatever purpose, you know, it could be staged, you know, for the California gun grab.
I mean, it just stinks.
Well, absolutely. They are trying to ban and make you turn in all the semi-autos right now. But I mean, here's the deal.
There's 315 million people and growing. There are going to be real people that go out and shoot people.
And we're going to have good guys take out a bad guy with guns. Just because there's a bad guy doesn't mean we all give our guns up.
We have to point that out just because somebody stabs somebody to death. We don't turn our knives in.
I know the M.O. of the narcissistic government types that think they're Rambo. I've talked a lot about it.
And they would put out a manifesto that would be pro-gun if they were going to stage this. I know them.
They target the lowest common denominator. This is exactly what I would expect out of a authoritarian libtard, as they're known.
This is exactly the type of stuff that would be real. I mean, I'm just saying I read it. It reads like it's real.
I mean, there's so many little essences that go into the statement like that. It's my gut.
And it's just the facts. You know, I think Al Gore won the 2000 election. I hate Al Gore. But the evidence was he won.
Mitt Romney won this election. There was election fraud. Evidence is that. Doesn't mean I like Mitt Romney. It's just a fact.
I believe this from the evidence we've got is real. Now, he could be some military mental patient, mind control, who went off the rails. That could be it, too.
Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers. The prognosis for the entire planetary economic system runs from bad to worse.
The globalist model is to shut down societies and starve patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover.
That's why we've assembled the most vital and important preparedness items at InfoWarsShop.com.
These are items that I did research on that I personally use. You've got the LifeStraw so you can turn fetid water into safe water anywhere you go.
The Ktorr hand crank generator to charge up key equipment during power outages or out in the field.
Strategic Relocation, third edition by Joel Skousen. When disaster strikes by Matthew Stein.
TheraSafe used by Homeland Security to protect yourself during any radiological event.
Hand crank shortwave AM-FM radios. Everything that we've researched and found to be the best is available at InfoWarsShop.com.
And your purchase makes our InfoWar possible. We're getting prepared. Are you? InfoWarsShop.com.
Crashing through the lies and disinformation. It's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Monday through Friday 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. syndicated transmission InfoWars.com XM 166 over 150 AM and FM affiliates.
But also Sundays 4 to 6 p.m. Central live. We are live right now ladies and gentlemen.
By the way the Sunday show is not on XM yet and I've not ever really lobbied them but I think we're gonna lobby them next week.
So call XM of your subscribers. Tell them you want the Sunday show on XM as well.
If you're listening on AM or FM station whether it's 590 AM right now or Bakersfield California or LA California or wherever it is.
Be sure and spread the word about the broadcast and thank them for carrying the show.
Finishing up I'm seeing comments on InfoWars.com and the articles.
Why isn't Alex talking about the alleged reported person behind the killing spree in California.
The former LAPD cop Christopher Dorner and his gun control love.
Yes the manifesto loves Obama says the citizens should have all their guns taken.
Go read the quotes and he's reportedly issued a new statement.
We're vetting that right now and but all I know is CBS News is saying support growing for former LA officer accused of killing spree.
I mean if that isn't sick. If that isn't sick they're now coming out and the head of the LAPD the chief said they're gonna reopen his firing case.
I mean this is just sickening. I mean this is sickening whether the guy did it or not.
The fact that like oh yes more portals sweet see cake.
I mean this is crazy can you imagine if a tea party or a conservative a libertarian a gun owner I don't care what color they were came out and did this.
It would be the end of the world. I mean as gun owners we were told it was our fault.
It was our fault Sandy Hook happened when statistically mass shootings are 88 people a year and about half of those are gang bangers killing each other.
You got about 42 people a year dying in real mass shootings out of 315 million.
I mean violent crimes is 1991 has dropped 49% FBI.gov real statistics.
You never hear that on the news. It's all how gun owners are killing the children.
We got a right to be gun free except for the predator drones you're using in California and they're saying this is the first time ever drones have been used against someone.
No they're not. Daily Mail meet the North Dakota family of anti-government separatists busted by cops using a predator drone after stealing six cows which they had and the cows kept breaking into their property.
So by common law they took them for the cost.
They've had our cows taken before the third or fourth time they break into somebody's property.
Nothing you can do. It's not very neighborly but nothing you can do.
You know the last thing we need to do is demonize the American people for stuff like this.
So let's get that straight but yes this guy's manifestos are just how much he loves Biden and how cool he is and how only law enforcement, the new royalty can have guns.
I mean on and on and on and I for one am sick of it.
Okay look I got loaded phone lines here but only a couple of them are people who lost family to suicide.
And so we're going to go through those calls and then get to other people that are calling in or saying they lost family from being on serotonin reuptake inhibitors, the Prozac family of drugs.
But let me just before I go to your calls here briefly give you a couple of the headlines here.
This is Forbes suicide rate among vets and active duty military jumps now to 22 a day.
Almost once an hour every 65 minutes to be precise a military veteran commits suicide.
And that's a nude investigation by the Department of Veterans Affairs.
Yeah it's actually far worse than that.
This is roughly seven fold the height of suicides in 1975 at the end of the Vietnam War when people felt depressed.
Amazing.
Now again it doesn't get the attention it deserves.
Suicide now America's leading cause of death by injury.
New study shows that's Huffington Post and ABC News.
Who knew the leading cause of death is suicide?
Unnatural death.
Yeah the AR-15 isn't even the top 500.
But if you watch Piers Morgan you'd think it was the bathtubs killed 20 something thousand a year.
You're going to ban those?
Look at this deadly bat.
We should do a skit where we like talk about an assault tub and like I guess shoot a bathtub then because it's so evil.
In fact let's do it.
Let's go buy a bathtub at a shooting range.
I'll go shoot it with a 50 cal Tuesday.
We're already going shooting so.
Oh boy I'm losing my mind here.
Okay enough of that.
I'm going to get into the economy after we take about 45 minutes of calls and why we're being bankrupted by design.
State of the Union China eclipses US's biggest trading nation.
We're going to be getting to all of that but I mean now the mainstream media.
I've got multiple mainstream news articles going hey he's killing people because they're white.
And I mean the whites are evil.
Did Django kills whites?
I mean you know by the way he's a big fan of Django.
Support growing for former LA officer accused of killing spree.
It's up at DrudgeReport.com on the right hand side.
It's also up at Infowars.com.
Let's punch that up.
Trail goes very cold.
One million reward.
Accused killer cheered by left.
We are all Chris Dorner now.
I got to turn my guns in because one of your little program government bots.
And I've seen that smile so much.
So proud to be a government bureaucrat.
Nobody else is scum but you.
Oh yes.
He wants to reportedly kill their families.
Oh yeah that's nice.
Kill their families because he's out randomly shooting cops reportedly.
These people are so sick.
I mean all I ever hear about from the so-called left or a bunch of authoritarians.
Is how once they get power how they're going to kill libertarians.
You know I'll keep my guns scum.
How's that sound?
And you can get them from my cold dead hands.
To your property, your mule pulling your plow.
It ain't happening turds.
Came just get that through your little heads.
Man.
All right I apologize for ranting there.
Let's go now talking about the suicide in the troops to Chris in Colorado.
Chris tell us who you knew and who committed suicide and what you think was behind it.
What is behind the epidemic of military personnel committing suicide Chris?
Well I personally definitely think since they use our troops as guinea pigs from the time that they begin training.
It's the combination of the vaccines and the gases and even down to the food that they expose our troops to.
Is the whole time that they're enlisted and their name and life is on that paper.
Is that they're being tested and it's on a biological level.
And now that we see the increased amount of suicides that's next what they plan for the American people.
And everyone out there listening right now every time they see a military and police.
They need to go out of their way to walk up to them and shake their hand.
Thank them for the oath that they swore to the Constitution.
And then talk to them on those serious levels.
That's right don't thank them for serving in a globalist war for OPM or oil or whatever.
Thank them or a war for globalism.
Thank them for defending the Bill of Rights and Constitution and following their oath.
Something the system is so afraid of and oath keepers.
I totally absolutely agree with you and fight for the military.
I fought for the military to not be given the experimental smallpox shot that killed so many of them in 02.
They had to stop it 10 years ago.
I fought to get the deadly experimental anthrax shot stop that killed so many.
They use the troops to get all sorts of approval where you've got to do human testing of dangerous vaccines and stuff.
It's illegal to make troops take experimental vaccines.
They're the only group you can make take approved vaccines, FDA approved.
But they've got rights like we do too.
Folks do troops have rights?
Because everybody says oh the troops are God.
But then oh they don't have rights to say no to an anthrax shot.
Yes they do.
And it's up to us to inform them.
I talked to a gun shop owner, one of the biggest in the country, the head of tactical firearms.
It's on video.
And he says well you know it's the law.
I've got a report when somebody buys a gun to the ATF.
It's already registered.
There is no law.
It's an ATF order just to see if you'll do something that's not the law.
It's all color of law.
Now tell us who you lost in your family.
Well it's real personal.
I don't want to get emotional on the phone right now.
But again reminding their service members and the police by just shaking their hand
and looking in their face.
It really means a lot to them, the family members and especially the police.
I mean a lot's going on right now.
We need to stay together as a nation and as families and as people.
That's why they want to divide us.
Listen Chris can we come back to you?
I know you don't want to share this.
It's painful for you.
But we need to humanize whether it was your dad, your brother, your uncle.
I mean was it your dad, your brother, your uncle?
Who was it?
Let me pull it together.
You can come back to me.
Alright I'll come back to you after the break.
We'll be right back after this quick break.
We've got others calling in who lost family to this.
They make them serve up to ten tours ladies and gentlemen.
Nobody ever made them serve more than one.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans,
here is the Cal-Ben Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good
as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps
for all your cleaning needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms but if you don't have a home security system,
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe.
It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit or shed.
Getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes
so there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home but SimpliSafe will stand guard protecting your property
24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
Get my eFoods just in time to be able to help my sister and my niece.
Bottom line, it's better to be prepared 10 years too early than one day too late.
Feed common sense's warning and do what I've done.
Call 800-409-5633 today or go to eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex.
They have the best tasting long term storable food on the planet.
Call 800-409-5633 and ask about the Alex Jones special
or go to eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex.
Get self-sufficient today.
Call 800-409-5633 or eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex.
Alex Jones here with a very important announcement for Truth Seekers.
We've carried a lot of amazing films and books over the years
on the online video bookstore at Infowars.com.
And out of all the titles we've carried, one stands out
because it is just so chillingly convincing.
And that's Dreams From My Real Father by Joel Gilbert, available at Infowars.com.
This film exposes the fraud that Obama is like nothing I've seen.
If you want to know who Obama's real daddy is, this is the film for you.
Don't forget, your purchase supports our broadcast and our growing media network.
You'll also find it at Infowarshop.com.
None Dare Call a Conspiracy by Gary Allen, the book that woke me up.
We're also carrying Behind the Green Mask, U.N. Agenda 21 by Rosa Corey.
This book is coffin nails to the globalist takeover.
The Greater Good, the most professional and up to date film I've ever seen,
exposing the scourge that is vaccines.
These titles and a lot more are all available at Infowarshop.com.
Coast to Coast, direct from Austin.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
Crashing through the lies and disinformation, it's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
All right, Chris, Ron, Sandy, Matt, James, Rick,
those first six callers said they've all lost family to suicide.
I think all of them but one from military suicide.
The issue is why is this happening?
Why is it epidemic?
Well, I saw a story two years ago that the Big Ten insurance companies got together back in 99
with Clinton and the Republicans and said,
let's do a deal where all these death pensions that troops have had part of their check taken out
to be put into life insurance, let's just take that money.
It was trillions and they took it.
But the veterans groups, we don't talk about that.
Patriotism is worshipping the foreign banks that have hijacked and taken America over.
And then I've met people that have served seven tours and had automatic re-ups
and forced back in, fine printed the contracts.
I mean, they didn't make you serve but one tour in World War II or Vietnam or Korea or World War I
because they knew more than that if you wanted out, get out.
And then even if you wanted to stay in two years max because it could screw you up.
It could absolutely screw you up.
And now they put them on psychotropic drugs that the insert says can make you commit suicide
or go haywire and kill others.
But every time a veteran does something wrong, they blame all veterans instead of blaming the system that did this.
But statistically, veterans still are some of the most law abiding people out there.
The media is hyping that veterans, while saying they love them and they're the best people in the world,
oh, but they're the main danger, Homeland Security.
Why, look how this guy's a veteran out there who shot three cops.
That's why we need predator drones.
The robots can be trusted.
And I just cannot believe that the left is cheering this guy.
And I mean, I got CBS News here saying that he's, I'm living in the twilight zone at this point.
Chris, I'm going to get to others.
I appreciate you holding. Finish up.
I know it's hard for you to talk if you don't want to.
I understand, but you talked about them being guinea pigs for drugs and things, a lot of experimental stuff.
Your family member that committed suicide, can you, I mean, what do you think happened?
Who were they?
I definitely think it's tied to the vaccines and the psychotropic drugs that they're practically forcing down our troops' throats.
I don't want to make this about me, our struggle, my family.
This is about all- No, no, understand, but we have to listen, listen, you have to, you have to, you have to, you don't have to.
I'm saying it's good to identify an individual to humanize them.
You see, they don't want to put a face to this.
I definitely want to take this chance to talk to all those troops out there that are listening right now that might have had that thought go through their head of suicide.
We need you in this fight.
We don't need you to lose your life anywhere on any battlefield, especially one in your mind.
You need to turn that energy toward this info war and go after somebody in the Illuminati, somebody in the New World Order.
Just like right now, Alex Jones, you're not telling the truth about hiring Mallory Maloney.
Oh, I appreciate your call.
My gosh, that caller calls in and sits there and obsesses over stuff.
It's unbelievable.
Let's talk to Ron in Arizona.
Ron, you're on the air.
Go ahead.
Good afternoon, Alex.
I got an email a couple of days ago from a buddy of mine in the Air Force we served over in Germany in the 70s, and it was called The Last Words of So-and-So.
I thought he had committed suicide, and his wife had sent this out to all the people on his email list.
Obviously, I sent an email back, and I just got an email from him saying, no, I didn't kill myself.
This is just preparation for it.
But I think the reason why a lot of these guys in the military are committing suicide is because it's just too much pressure.
And especially if you're under the fear of being blown up by IED.
You know, that's something I've never thought of.
I am less afraid of being killed than I am of being locked up in some dungeon.
And so that's something that I really never thought of.
Are they committing suicide, a lot of them, when they're being forced to go back just because they're so sick of it all?
Well, yeah.
Also, the living conditions are horrendous.
I mean, I never went bivouacking when I was in the Air Force.
One of the guys I served with went out on a bivouac.
But you're out in the wilderness or the wild or whatever you want to call it,
and you're living in tents and sleeping on the ground and eating the lousiest food you could ever imagine.
Imagine these guys in Afghanistan and Iraq doing that for a year or more at a time.
Well, on top of it, they're putting them on the psychotropics.
They're re-upping them.
The IRS is going after them at home.
They're going bankrupt.
A lot of that feeds into it.
They've never...
I mean, let's say you're supposed to put 50,000 miles on a pair of tires.
They've put 300, 400,000 miles on these guys.
And then the media doesn't want to focus on it.
They want to just demonize the veterans and say, oh, they're dangerous,
when statistically they're not that dangerous.
But hyping it up every time one of them goes haywire.
Thank you, Ron.
I'm glad your body didn't commit suicide.
Sandy in Texas, what's your story?
I was in Iraq in 2004, and I was in Afghanistan in 2007.
And as a nurse, I was just absolutely astounded at the number of troops on psych drugs,
some of them three and four different types of psych drugs.
Sure, ma'am.
When you called us, you were on a handheld deal.
You're on speakerphone right now.
I'd really like to be able to hear you.
So when the callers go on air, let's go to the actual handheld deal.
Can you go off speakerphone, please?
Yes.
Yeah, go ahead.
Start over.
I was in Iraq in 2004 and Afghanistan in 2007, and I worked in medical.
And I was just absolutely astounded at the number of psych drugs these troops are on.
One individual can be on three to four different types of psych drugs
and still be given a weapon and sent to Afghanistan or Iraq.
And in Iraq, we had multiple.
In 2004, it was a ridiculous amount of suicide.
And that's hard to do with a-
Yeah, I'd love to be able to hear what you're saying.
It's so important.
I'm going to put you on hold and see if we can call you back
or if you can call us back on a landline.
Because that cordless phone or whatever is out of batteries,
and it just plagues us the quality of phones in this country, cell phone, landline, you name it.
Okay, well, that's all you've got.
Go ahead and finish up then.
So you're saying you worked in medical and they were on what, Luvox, you name it?
Just go down the list.
Lithium-type drugs, all of them dangerous, every single one of them.
And people on two and three different types of them.
And the vaccines on top of that, I mean, when I went over,
I took the nasal, which was the live vaccine.
Yeah, absolutely.
You can tell you're a nurse.
You know how deadly that is.
Ma'am, call us back.
Give her our hotline number.
I'd like to get her on as a guest.
I want to get her on as a guest, as a guest.
I want to get her on as a guest, as a guest.
I want to make sure that happens.
We'll be back with more of your calls on the other side.
Stay with us.
We're going to put her on hold.
We'll be back with more of your calls coming up.
We'll be back with more of your calls.
Call us at mfawarstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, moles, and fungus
can inflict severe damage in the human body.
Fortunately, a new and vastly improved silver solution has been developed.
Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary, broad-spectrum, antibacterial,
antiviral, antifungal solution that can be used inside the body
as well as on the skin.
Supernatural Silver is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers
using a patented technology that is highly effective against
colds, flus, infections, food poisoning, and yeast,
in addition to many other pathogens.
Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe,
and is the number one choice of thousands of people for immune system support.
Find out how Supernatural Silver could change your life.
Go to supernaturalsilver.com and use the promo code healthy for 20% off.
That's supernaturalsilver.com and like us on Facebook.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans,
here is the Cal-Ben Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable
and coconut oils that are earth-friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one- to two-month sample package
and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what you're using now
or save big with a one- to two-year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms,
but if you don't have a home security system
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe.
It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you are protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit, or shed.
Getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes,
so there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard,
protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
Coast to coast, direct from Austin.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
We now take you live to the Central Texas Command Center
in the heart of the resistance.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Show.
We've got three or four more callers who say that they've had friends and family
commit suicide or knew people in the military that did,
but we got Sandy on a better line.
She was a nurse in medical, and the statistics are there.
I mean, you heard her.
They can put them on three psychotropics at once.
They put foster children, 68% of them national average,
on an average of seven drugs apiece, many of them psychotropics,
because they get more money for a special needs child,
so they'll make you special needs to get that money.
And some foster parents, some people in the system are not immoral
and don't do that, but a lot of them are,
in a culture where you just make excuses for whatever gets you ahead
so you can go get more money for foster kids you've got on seven drugs
to buy that Gucci bag that you're selling your soul for.
But they're now reporting that drones, again, are chasing the suspect.
The drones are going to save us, the reported person shooting police.
It just goes on and on.
But notice two weeks ago you had Al Sharpton say,
hey, forget your second amendment for government.
We got drones to take you out.
Really, the drones couldn't hold Baghdad.
They can't hold Afghanistan.
One guy's got Southern California paralyzed in fear.
If the globalists start a civil war, ladies and gentlemen,
there's no way they'll win with physical force.
They're going to stage terror attacks against soft targets with children
and blame the Patriot movement for it and stage a psyop.
Why isn't this a psyop?
They would never do something like this where one of their people does some of this.
And this whole background and how they want the image of
they're the good guys, you're the bad guy.
You understand that?
And the whole MO, the background, all of it.
If it is staged, I haven't seen the angles yet.
All right, Sandy, who was working in medical in Iraq,
talking about what she witnessed.
Recap what you said because it was very important,
but some of it was breaking up.
We're talking about people that know folks that committed suicide in the military,
how the media has been trying to cover this up and not make it a big issue,
and what people who've experienced it,
what they think is causing folks to commit suicide.
So, Sandy, go ahead and recap what you were saying.
Yes, I was in Iraq in 2004 and in Afghanistan in 2007 as a nurse,
and I saw all the troops on these psych drugs,
everything from serotonin uptake to lithium-type drugs,
some individuals up to three different types of psych drugs.
There was no screening, no psych screening for these people.
They just went through the tour and they said,
okay, what type of psych drugs you're on,
and they just wrote them down and there you go.
We'll just keep refilling you.
But these people would have breakdowns.
They would crack up.
They would be involved in incidents.
And this went on and on, and suicides over there, too,
which is hard to do with an M16 or an M4 rifle.
You literally have to almost use your toes to pull the trigger.
And a lot of these deaths were under very, very mysterious circumstances,
like we had an attempted suicide and a suicide at the same time,
and one was in finance where they were missing millions and millions of dollars,
and as soon as this person turned up dead, they said it was suicide.
I was about to say a lot of these suicides are actually fraggings
because there have been hundreds of deaths where fraud investigators
from the Army, the Marines show up at a base
and then get killed in the trailer where they're running their accounting operation,
and you're saying that you were around some of that as well.
Exactly.
These people, they called everything over there was suicide,
even though there were some that they actually had to say was murder,
but they had troops murdering each other, which was a real shock.
A lot of that didn't go on in the other wars,
but there was a lot of it going on in Iraq and Afghanistan,
troops murdering each other, and then the suicides
and then the mysterious deaths on top of everything.
And I was concerned with all the drugs,
the people that are walking around with loaded weapons on three and four psych drugs,
let alone just one psych drug.
Well, I remember five years ago hearing about Blackwater, now XZ,
on cocaine running around naked, shooting up families for fun,
and I thought it was left-wing propaganda or something
until it came out years later in federal court.
It was going on, reportedly mountains of cocaine.
So if that's going on there, imagine what's happening on the other side.
We are just an immoral nation on average,
and it's going to manifest in the military,
but you've got the officers like royalty flying around with their camp followers
and their basically paid prostitutes,
and then you've got the troops in lice-infested aircraft,
C-130s flying back to Iraq defecating in buckets.
That's come out on the news.
It's just a system coming off the rails on more and more fronts.
Do you concur with what I just said?
Oh, yeah, I was there.
On the bottom of some of them, C-130s, 135s, they're nasty,
and the bathrooms don't work, and the conditions over there are deplorable.
People would say, well, that's just most of these people are just depressed
from the conditions that the soldiers have to be in.
In Iraq, they literally lived in railroad boxes during the summer
with 120 degrees heat in Iraq.
You're living inside a metal box.
They're in the green zone.
There are hookers lined up around the block and everything else.
Oh, and there's so much illegal drugs over there.
I mean, I have pictures from Afghanistan where, you know,
the troops would just bring back.
They'd take pictures of the marijuana fields and bring back samples and stuff.
So much of it floating around is just beyond.
Listen, you heard about the 60-something billion in pallets of cash
where they would give privates 30 grand, they would give captains 100 grand,
colonels 200, 300 grand, generals a couple million.
That was to corrupt them just like they bought off the local warlords.
And, you know, I've talked to family about it who was in Iraq,
and they go, I'm not going to talk about it.
Don't ask me about it.
And it's like, yeah, right, I like that new truck and that new house.
I mean, that's what's going on is just the total seduction of our military.
But I believe the psych drugs are the number one cause
and the insert says massively increases suicide, megalomania, mass murder.
And you're saying as a medical worker, what a nurse, that you concur with that?
I mean, yes.
Here in the civilian life, that's bad enough being on these type of drugs
that will trigger suicide.
But you take that person and you put them in a stressful situation
or a combat situation, duh.
Well, again, what psychotropics do is they take away the inhibition
and the anxiety.
I mean, normally, you have a feeling you want to kill somebody.
It's just a feeling.
And let's be honest, everybody's had the feeling of just a compulsion
of choking somebody or something like that.
I mean, if somebody tells you they have it, they're lying.
You take one of these drugs, well, you have the compulsion, you just do it.
It takes away the inhibition.
Anything else you'd like to add, ma'am?
Very powerful call.
People need to be concerned about the vaccines.
When we went over to Afghanistan, everybody got the live vaccine,
which is the nasal vaccine, and they went around and made us hold our head back
and they counted to like 20 or whatever.
By the way, that's illegal to give in the U.S.
That's got live viruses in it.
That's right.
By the way, they gave you-
All the troops going over there.
That strain has SV40.
It has cancer virus in it.
Go ahead.
I came back with exotic diseases that even as a nurse I had barely heard of.
I came back, after the live vaccine, I came back from a one-year tour in Afghanistan
with Hashimoto autoimmune thyroid disease, Raynaud's disease, Vitiligo,
which is a skin autoimmune disease.
Yeah, no, they're using, look, it's been, they shot up gay men in New York
and other areas with the hepatitis vaccine with HIV.
That's come on congressional reports in the late 70s.
They use the troops as the vectors now.
You're a nurse, you know what that means, but they shoot people up
to then come back and bring it back.
Just like the atomic soldiers, the DU, all the guinea pigging,
the black men and syphilis, they're using you.
And while saying they love you, would you rather be patted on the head of the Super Bowl
or would you rather not be given all these diseases?
I would rather not have the diseases.
And everybody I know, I go to the VA hospital and we're all dying of cancer.
Well, ma'am, ma'am, the nasal vaccine you were given,
was it a polio vaccine or a flu vaccine?
No, it's supposed to have been a flu.
Yeah, no, Cancer Virus City.
I mean, folks, more of your calls coming up.
This is unbelievable.
God bless you.
E Foods just in time to be able to help my sister and my niece.
Bottom line, it's better to be prepared ten years too early than one day too late.
Heed common sense's warning and do what I've done.
Call 800-409-5633 today or go to efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex.
They have the best tasting long-term storable food on the planet.
Call 800-409-5633 and ask about the Alex Jones special
or go to efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex.
Get self-sufficient today.
Call 800-409-5633 or efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex.
Now that we have moved into the winter season,
there is an increased need to support our immunity and health.
At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs
by providing a full selection of silver-based products.
Our most popular silver-based products are the 32-ounce nano silver solutions,
our 2-ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well as our all-natural silver soaps.
Just released is our 100% natural silver gel.
Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents,
which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface.
But rather, we have formulated our silver gel
using the natural skin-nourishing chemistry of aloe vera
to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more effectively.
Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page
to find what silver-based products are best for you.
That's www.silverlungs.com.
It is the only one that does it, and out of the gates,
we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code WATER.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove
pesticides, herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine,
hydrofluorosilicic acid, the most common form of fluoride
not covered by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro-Pure with the new Pro 1 filters today at info-warstore.com
or by calling 888-253-3139.
Supernatural silver is superior to colloidal and ionic silvers
using a patented technology that is highly effective against
colds, flus, infections, food poisoning and yeast,
in addition to many other pathogens.
Supernatural silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe,
and is the number one choice of thousands of people for immune system support.
Find out how supernatural silver could change your life.
Go to www.supernaturalsilver.com and use the promo code HEALTHY for 20% off.
That's www.supernaturalsilver.com and like us on Facebook.
Coast to coast, direct from Austin.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
Defending the republic from enemies foreign and domestic.
It's Alex Jones.
Okay, here's the deal.
I intended to get into this and I will on the weekday show
because it's three hours tomorrow, 11 a.m. Central,
12 noon Eastern, 9 a.m. Pacific, 10 a.m. Mountain.
Websites info-wars.com, presentplanet.com.
China eclipses U.S.'s biggest trading nation measured in goods.
We've got an article up at info-wars.com, top banker drops bombshell.
In fact, let me give you the actual headline up at info-wars.com.
I'm just going from memory on that.
But again, if you guys punch up info-wars.com,
so I can give them that James Wolfdinson headline.
It's very, very important.
But I'm not going to be able to get to that right now
because I promised to go to your phone calls
and I want to hear from people that have lost friends, family,
or others from suicide and what they believe caused it.
And there it is, world banker makes stunning confession.
And that's James Wolfdinson, former head of the World Bank,
saying you're going to be poor.
They're going to get rid of the middle class in the United States and Europe.
But he doesn't tell you it's by design.
They script the whole thing like, gee, this is happening.
And again, it's the ultra-rich getting rid of the middle class and the nouveau riche.
And knowing about this is the way to stop it.
Here are some of the headlines.
China eclipses U.S.'s biggest trading nation.
Fed's holding of U.S. debt, that means private federal reserve,
hits a record 1.696 trillion, 16-plus trillion, almost 17 trillion.
The Fed's bailout of European countries with record 237 billion injection
to foreign banks in the past month.
It's not the countries.
They're giving a blood transfusion to the vampires,
the same private banks that run this country who aren't free market.
How Obama is wielding executive power on the second term,
yeah, turning into a dictator.
Obama proposed spending to boost jobs in the State of the Union.
He's doing everything he can to get rid of jobs.
He knew when he increased taxes on people it would shut down jobs.
That's just some of it.
Matt in Michigan, tell us your story, sir.
My story is about my uncle and the signs to look for
when they try to go cold turkey and just quit taking them.
I was 16 at the time.
I'm 30 now, and I had seen him on a Wednesday,
and he seemed like his mind was really racing,
and he kept asking me, is anything wrong?
Can I help you with anything?
And I was not wise enough at the time to understand that something was wrong with him.
So I'm again on a Friday, same thing.
I knew something was wrong with him.
To be clear, you're saying he went off serotonin reuptake inhibitors.
He was not in the military, but he went off of them and then killed himself.
Yeah, they'll make you commit suicide, but going cold turkey,
boy, that's when people really kill themselves then.
Well, absolutely, and the reason for my call is that if anybody sees these signs,
they can interject and maybe stop this from happening.
At the time, I was so young that I didn't understand it myself.
Now if it happened and I saw it again, I would take actions to help divert this.
Real fast, tell folks what he was doing, talking real fast, having anxiety.
He was super passionate about, can I help you with anything?
What's wrong with you?
And his mind was racing, almost like maybe somebody that was on Crystal Maps
or something like that.
Yeah, no, it has a speed effect, also an hallucinogenic effect.
Sure, and then it came to a Sunday and that's when his trigger just flipped on him
and he did some things that were pretty wild.
When the police showed up, he ran to the bull barn and he took a.30-06
and he ended it.
And this was somebody that was super good-looking, super charismatic.
This was way beyond anything that he would normally do.
He had a great life, but they put him on these drugs for whatever reason.
It's always no big deal.
Everybody's on them when they're in the hallucinogen class.
God bless you.
I appreciate your call.
A few months ago, four or five months ago, a police officer responded at Walmart
to a man walking around the aisles with a gun.
It turned out he was on an anti-depressive, anti-psychotic drug
and mixed alcohol with it.
The cop just shoots him for no reason.
The guy didn't even know who he was.
The Sergeant Bales who went and killed 18 innocent Afghans was on psychotropics.
You see this over and over again, and I'm not saying it's okay what they did,
but you don't put somebody on something in the hallucinogen family
and then when they go out and do something crazy, put them in jail.
The drugs get the blame, and they get the blame because we need to get these drugs out of there.
And the psychiatric system is running the Pentagon,
and they are just putting the troops on this stuff.
Ten years ago, they wouldn't hire you for the military
if you'd ever been under psychiatric care or even been on Ritalin,
and it's in the amphetamine class, not even the hallucinogen class.
I mean, amphetamines are nothing compared to hallucinogens
comparatively when the violence, if you look at the statistics,
and they wouldn't take you ten years.
Now they just take you the last ten years.
And it is a crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy what they've done.
Let's go to James in Arkansas.
Before I go to James, I want to put him on hold and say this briefly.
I'm so sick of hearing mainline neocon, fake conservative talk show host
on radio and on TV and all the rest of it.
Oh, I love the troops.
They say the troops, when they say that,
the agenda, the globalist, they just wrap that with the troops.
But they never talk about how they're used as guinea pigs for drugs and vaccines.
They never talk about the 5, 6, 7, 8 tours.
They never talk about the drugs.
And I care about everybody, foreigners, troops, police, myself, my family.
I have empathy. I'm a regular human.
I'm on Team Human.
I'm on Team America as well because we've got the best bill of rights
in the Constitution, and I'm an American going back to its founding.
And I love this country, and I'm angry about what's happening.
And I want everybody to get a fair shake.
You know, so many people, I saw some video criticizing me going,
Alex didn't know you can buy stock in the New World Order
and these companies and get ahead.
I know you can do that, but you're not going to have any future
buying into the evil, thinking you've got a power trip.
Let's go to James in Arkansas.
James, what's your report, sir?
Yes, thanks for taking my call, Alex.
It's a pleasure speaking to you.
I'm a first-time caller.
Welcome, sir.
Yeah, I was in the Airborne Rangers,
and I had a friend that he went to a different company that wasn't so good.
And the corruptors, those that were into evil and so forth,
just kept harassing them and stressing them out and so forth.
And I got to speak to him before block leave,
and he was definitely into a hypnotic state.
And during block leave, it turns out he supposedly played Russian roulette.
He shot himself.
And it's all to do with just like the spiritual and psychological warfare.
If you're good or decent at all, you know, just a good godly warrior,
and there's any evil, corrupt, or bad folks in there,
then they want to come after you, stress you out, harass you,
and try to infect you with the dark side.
Now, that's exactly what they do.
I've experienced it, not in the military, but politically and even growing up.
I've been around to that.
Absolutely, they're trafficking in souls, and they want your psyche.
They want you to join them, or they'll come after you.
Yes, and what's really helped me out a lot,
I was in a parachute accident and so forth,
but I made sergeant in two years and so on,
but I got a hold of this.
I tried to plug something, but it's helped me out so much,
and I'm not on any pain meds anymore, and I'm not drinking.
Good job, sir.
They want to get you on drugs so they can take your rights from you
and say you're bad.
They want to get you on drugs to say you're a bad person,
like you're a convict.
That's their plan, to take your constitutional rights
by inducting you into a psychiatric system or a penal system.
Let's go to Rick in Oregon.
Last caller we have time for.
Apologize to the others, David in England and others,
who had incredible stories.
Tomorrow we'll cover this as well.
Rick in Oregon, last caller.
Go ahead.
Yeah, there's a couple things I want to touch on here.
One, I did have a friend that took his life.
I'm a veteran myself, and I was actually out of the military
and going to the VA and trying to seek help,
and they were telling me, what are your issues?
I have anxiety, depression.
I can't sleep.
I'm hypervigilant.
Okay, well, this is what's wrong with you.
You have post-traumatic stress symptoms.
This is what's wrong with you?
You're a man.
You're supposed to be kicking butt, running businesses,
standing up for yourself.
That's normal.
You're supposed to be hypervigilant.
That's how I feel.
Go ahead.
I'm sorry.
Well, they're telling me that these issues that I were having
needed to be handled through this medication.
So I was willing to take the medication because I was definitely suffering.
Within a short amount of time, I realized that these drugs that I was taking
were hurting me, not helping me.
Within a month, I had a friend that was coming back.
We crossed paths.
He was relieving my unit that was there.
He was complaining about depression while he was there.
They sent him home.
I know he was on medication as well.
They actually, because we were reservists, just sent him home after two weeks.
Sure, what happened to him?
We're almost out of time.
What happened?
He wound up taking his own life.
He took his life.
I thought about taking my life.
I have friends that have thought about taking their life.
I know many people, including myself, that have put the gun in their mouth.
Don't do that.
Help the poor.
Get a relationship with God.
Spiritual systems can help you.
God bless you, and I appreciate your call.
Call me back tomorrow.
I feel terrible having callers like that left on hold from Arkansas, Oregon,
Colorado, Alabama, England, you name it.
That's it for the Sunday show, but you heard it, the drugs.
The drugs are killing them.
Guys, just, man, go out and help others.
That will help you.
That's what's happened to you.
God can heal you.
