Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Congressman Ron Paul is going to be calling in sometime in the second half hour of this
broadcast today to get into the accelerating debt bubble and how bad it's going to get
and some other breaking key intel. So former Congressman Ron Paul, I have to get used to
saying that, is joining us, coming up later in the hour.
And then Mike Adams is going to be in studio with us today. And in case you missed it,
we're going to probably air the first 5, 10 minutes of one of the most prominent Second
Amendment advocates out there, you know who that is.
Ted Nugent, who I know lives north of Austin on a large ranch. He's been on the show many
times over the last 15 years, but hadn't been on in about a year. He called into the show
and it was a powerful radio because he wasn't in his promotions mode when he's doing five
interviews a day.
A lot of people like that have a system where they do interviews in bulk a few times a year,
and then that's it. And when they're not doing interviews, they're not doing them. And so
when you get interviews with folks like that, and they're kind of on the circuit, you're
just getting like a recording. That is not what happened yesterday, and we had some really
good talks off air.
And he didn't say it was off record, but it'll just remain off record. But looks like I may
drive up to interview him in the next month or so before he goes back on tour, or get
him in studio, who knows. But in fact, guys, remind me, I'm not name dropping here, I already
had his info before, but I never had a cell phone.
Where's Ted's cell phone that I had written down here? I left it in there yesterday, I
was supposed to call him last night. All right, I just forgot I was, so that's another problem,
I'm just completely overwhelmed, literally. It's getting to the point where I don't even
know what's going on anymore.
Is that it? Okay, good, thank you, thank you. Anyways, I was supposed to, and side issue,
ladies and gentlemen, I get in here, I get on air, and then my brain kind of clicks on,
I'm like, whoa. Well, you know how I tell stories, I start talking about something and
I just kind of start regurgitating whatever's on the top of my mind concerning that.
But pretty amazing stuff I talked about with Ted Nugent off air. So we'll see about getting
him on air with us in a face-to-face interview, or at least over the phone. But wow, a lot
of stuff going on in the world today. We're working on a very big news story that will
damage the establishment media big time. I'll just leave it at that. It's top level A-plus
scandal, five-star scandal.
But there's lots of cold feet stuff going on, and so I'm not worried about it really.
If God wants this information to come out, it will, and if God doesn't want this information
to come out, it won't. And I'm the type of person that will release it if I'm authorized
to, it's confirmed. But if I'm not authorized to, then I'm not gonna even push the people
to cover it.
And it's the kind of thing like, I take a risk releasing stories like this. So it's
kinda like, okay, I got the huevos to release this if it falls in my lap. It's not any scandal
stuff with hookers or anything, so there's no need for a hit team to come kill us. Plus
the government's listening to all the phones, they already know.
People that have cold feet, there's really no need to, cuz the only thing you gotta have
cold feet about is the fact that you're sitting on top stuff like that. But it deals with
media things. I mean, it'll be a big news story, just to say the least, if it ends up
coming out.
Okay, I'm gonna reset, refocus, and come back. It's a gigantic news day. And speaking of
big news, there's some other big news that's gonna be breaking tomorrow. Michael Savage
is also joining us tomorrow, but that's a separate issue. And it's just things are all
accelerating. But they're accelerating on so many other fronts as well. They call it
a quickening. We'll be right back.
A little over a year ago, I began to do a lot of research into why, even if I had a
pretty good sized meal, that I was still starving. And my research led me to a well-known fact
that most of the soils that we grow our crops on here in the United States and across the
industrialized world are almost completely depleted of almost all of the key minerals
and trace elements that our bodies need to rebuild themselves, fight off cancer, and
be healthy. I then searched out the best vitamin and mineral company out there and discovered
Younggevity. The Younggevity products are designed to give you the real nutrition you
need. And once you've got that, you don't have to eat as much to be satisfied. I've
lost 37 pounds in two months, simply getting the vitamins and minerals I need. Check it
out for yourself. It's incredible. Go to Infowarsteam.com today and order your first canister of Beyond
Tangy Tangerine complete multivitamin mineral complex dietary supplement. That's Infowarsteam.com.
Introducing Pro-Wine. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates. We have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro-Pure with
the new Pro-Wine filters today at Infowarsetour.com or by calling 888-253-3139. Alex Jones here
with a message to fellow freedom lovers. The prognosis for the entire planetary economic
system runs from bad to worse. The globalist model is to shut down societies and starve
patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover. That's why we've assembled the
most vital and important preparedness items at Infowarsetour.com. These are items that
I did research on that I personally use. We've got the LifeStraw so you can turn fetid water
into safe water anywhere you go. The Ktor Handcrank Generator to charge up key equipment
during power outages or out in the field. Strategic Relocation 3rd Edition by Joel Skousen.
When Disaster Strikes by Matthew Stein. TheraSafe used by Homeland Security to protect yourself
during any radiological event. Handcrank shortwave AM-FM radios. Everything that we've
researched and found to be the best is available at Infowarsetour.com and your purchase makes
our Infowar possible. We're getting prepared. Are you? InfowarsShop.com.
There's a need for a new world order, but it has different characteristics
in different parts of the world. Live from Austin, Texas, broadcasting worldwide, it's Alex Jones.
Well, my friends, it's another Monday, the 25th day of February 2013. Before we know it,
2013 will be a memory. And the Second Amendment and our Republic and the dollar and our whole
future if we don't get awake and involved right now. Okay, folks, we've got an unbelievably
jam-packed broadcast today. Ron Paul's coming on in about 30 minutes. He'll be joining us,
Congressman Ron Paul, former Congressman Ron Paul about the economy and a lot more.
So that is coming up with really the Grand Poobah, the libertarian constitutional movement.
Ron Paul needs no introduction and then Mike Adams will be breaking a whole bunch of important
health news with organics and not just the horse meat in the beef food chain. But also,
we're gonna be getting into the things you've really got to worry about, including not just
fake fish or fish being substituted, but some really bizarre stuff on that front.
I've not covered what's happening with the Vatican enough and I do need to speak to that.
Another cardinal is resigning, Cardinal Keith O'Brien reportedly because of a string of
boyfriends. And if it isn't true, why is he resigning, ladies and gentlemen? Why is
Pope Benedict Ratzinger stepping down? The point here is though is that these scandals have
been under the surface forever. Why is this all surfacing now? Well, what did I tell you
months ago? They're only bringing out the Seville stuff with the BBC and the Satanism
and the necrophilia and the torturing kids and the royal family to blackmail the royal
family and the British establishment. The system could bring it down right now.
The globalist, that's the mega banks, are blackmailing the Vatican right now.
This is when you get down to the final end game in global government, is when they start
knocking each other off because there's been a sharing of power between the major players.
And it is really coming to a head right now. Major globalist private intelligence infiltration
of the Vatican, of the British royal family. And it's all being orchestrated in a way that
orchestrated by a handful of ultra mega banks who control the entire globe basically at this point
and are mopping up a few countries that are left. Then they're gonna mop up free speech,
mop up the family, mop up your bank account and bankrupt you as a total economic domination.
And then pose as saviors, collectivizing everything and putting you on welfare.
They're now talking about going over 50 million Americans on food stamps and food stamps for
people's pets. And so everything will be paid for as long as you submit and take the vaccines and
don't have children. That is gonna be part of the larger program.
And those of us that don't just wanna be complete government slaves
are going to be called terrorist. Now, this is a pretty nightmare program of the globalist,
but it can be stopped if we speak out and realize the plan. But if we keep dialing into mainstream
television and mainstream politics, that only gives you a tiny sliver of the larger spectrum.
We will be blind, we will be rudderless, we will be thrown upon the rocks and crushed a little
bitty pieces societally. It is a very cold blooded program, a scientific blueprint takeover. But
knowing the blueprint and knowing how horrible it is for the general public is a way to trigger our
survival instinct and to get humanity firing in the right direction against tyranny.
That's why they try to sell giving up, being nihilistic, not caring, being into death,
being into being a slave, while you still have plenty of food and water and entertainment.
These people thinking death and all this is sexy and being slaves and being humiliated and being
tortured is cool because it's cutting edge and because they don't care. They haven't really
experienced it yet. So it is a fancy that has been sold to them that they think they like,
but not a real fancy. Because if you really fancy something, you need to have experienced
it and actually like it. Like if you think you'd fancy having a dog when you're 17 and move out of
home and you put a big dog in a small apartment, it chews everything up and urinates all over the
rug and everything and choose holes in the walls and ruins your life. And then you just dump the
dog or give it to the pound. So you aren't a real dog fancier. You didn't do what it took to
actually train the dog, don't care about the dog, take the dog around with you. You don't actually
like a dog. You weren't a true dog fancier. And those of you that fancy tyranny and you
think it's powerful and it's a dark, mysterious flame that you are approaching, I will assure
99.9% of you who are laughing right now and think all this evil is funny, you will wish later you'd
done something. Just denying it's happening or saying you don't care, saying so what,
humanity is a disease, let it happen. You are saying that from a position of someone that has not
been in that lake, who has not swam, swum in its waters. You say you're a veteran of evil.
You say you're a veteran of being cool and narcissistic in your own mind. But all that
is is a coward's subconscious Pavlovian mass Stockholm learned helplessness response that
deep down your subconscious is telling you you're in mortal peril. But you don't respect yourself
enough to admit to yourself how much peril you and our entire species is in, all of us.
And so you then mock what your greater mind is warning you about. That is your coward response.
It's no big deal. It's not a problem. Yes, it is a problem. And yes, it's real. And yes,
it is a problem. And yes, it's real. And those of you that work for the system in your little
offices and your little suits and your black ties and your national security clearance crud
live in the biggest propagandized echo chambers out there.
And you who see nothing, who say nothing, who hear nothing,
you are fools and you're on a fool's errand. You're not an assassin. You're a
errand boy sitting by the grocer to collect a debt.
All right, ladies and gentlemen, let me try to give you some of the headlines here. I had
a Ron Paul coming on. And then Mike Adamson studio with breaking news. We'll have open
phones the next hour if I'm able to control myself and cover the news.
Let me just give you some of the latest stuff that broke in the top stories here.
There is the new Watson article just went live. We print it for me.
I hadn't talked about it yet, but it's big breaking news, really big.
It ties into this article.
Lobbyist demands approval for lethal drones within the United States.
Apple wide admits UAVs have been used for indiscriminate killings.
And that's one of the main lobbyists for the drone outfit. And here is the breaking news.
You got to hit refresh on prison planet.com and infowars.com to get this to get past our
caching system. It takes about 15 minutes for articles to show up sometimes.
Former Obama press secretary was ordered to act as if drone program did not exist.
The first rule of the drone program is that you do not talk about the drone program.
And no, that's Steve Watson's article on drones. Although the Paul Watson one has not broken yet.
Okay, I told him watch out for Watson's drone article.
And so you can't blame them for bringing me one that Steve just did. They're such prolific, right?
And that isn't a big breaking news. I'll tell you what it is. And it should be out in the next
15, 20 minutes or so. Homeland Security has funded a new special drone specifically to hunt
down gun owners. You can't make this up. We have the actual training video.
I'm laughing because it's just so out of control. I mean, we're in a science fiction movie.
They're poisoning the food and water. I've got articles here about China's cancer cities,
as they're called. Because their cancers are up 3, 4, 5,000% depending on which type.
So are ours. It's just such a joke when people are like, the government's there to protect us.
It's not that bad, Alex. They're not terrorists, you'd be dead. They haven't killed me yet because
they believe it'll interfere in their computer simulation with their over the horizon Google
crystal ball junk. It would mess up the simulation because I've been around for so long
that it would validate everything I've said. And they know I've already covered every issue
under the sun. And so they don't want that big trigger event yet.
Don't worry, they plan on killing me later, make no mistake.
Yes, this is a death grip battle. This is a fight to the death, folks. I hope you realize
that out there. This is not a game. This is not a joke. It's not some radio guy trying
to sound shocking. I have studied reality. I have studied the enemy's own statements.
And if anything, it's worse than I'm saying, okay, I want to explain something to you.
One will say, you scare me. No, I'm not trying to scare you. The scary stuff's going on whether you
admit it or not. We've got to admit we're under attack and do something about it. Okay, that's
what I'm here to tell you. And all of you that are delusional and think you're part of the winning
power structure, you're not. At the end of this thing, you're dead, I'm dead. Okay, the globalist
want global exterminism. Introducing Pro One, all of your filtration in one system portable on the
go. No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system
that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing
technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for
removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is the only
system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and
chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride
filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with the new Pro One filters today
at mfallwarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Fall in love with food storage savings this February at beprepared.com. Going on now,
beprepared.com saves you over $300 with a premium 1600 one year supply including 126
cans of freeze-dried and dehydrated food or get the new gourmet 14 day food supply with a full
2,000 calories per day with pre-planned menu. Stroganoff and noodles are 20% off with purchase
of six or more. Mountain House pork chops are back in stock at 34% off. Pack your own low moisture
foods with our new do-it-yourself super pale combo on sale at 22% off. Add to your preparedness with
minor surgery kits at 15% off and wool blended blankets are only $11.89. The February fall in
love with savings sale ends February 28th at beprepared.com. For contents and details,
visit beprepared.com or call 800-999-1863. The choice is clear. Be unprepared or beprepared.com.
Clear with a day-to-day step-by-step and meal-to-meal guide. If you're not satisfied
with your results, I will give you my 30 day full money back guarantee. Go to 18and4.com.
That's the number 18, I-N, the number 4.com. We the people grow cotton, wheat fabric,
engraving embed strips and fibers to protect from counterfeit and carting to a private bank,
having a lead back at interest, forcing taxes to service debt. This capitalism or was Jefferson
correct when stating a central bank issuing the public currency is a greater menace to the
liberties of the people than a standing army. Hi, Ted Anderson. I'm placing a free silver
dollar in a book that explains our monetary system. Call for your copy. 800-686-2237.
It's time to understand the system. Call 800-686-2237. That's 800-686-2237.
In an emergency situation, would you drink contaminated water? You could if you had the
amazing LifeStraw from mypatriotsupply.com. LifeStraw is the most advanced personal water
filter available today. It filters contaminated water from almost any source. LifeStraw is
lightweight and compact, perfect for hiking, camping or in an emergency like a flood. LifeStraw
is easy to clean, comes with a one year warranty and has been used worldwide since 2005. Get the
amazing LifeStraw personal water filter at mypatriotsupply.com. Plus check out Survival
Seed Vault, 20 seed varieties for only $37.95, Tatler canning lids, long term storable foods
as low as $69.95 and much more at mypatriotsupply.com. Enjoy stress-free shipping on all orders over
$49. Call 866-229-0927 or visit mypatriotsupply.com. That's 866-229-0927. Mypatriotsupply.com.
For emergency preparedness, self-reliance and food independence.
You know, I've talked about it, but I still haven't played the video clip that Luke
Rudowski got an interview with Michael Moore where he said last week, hey, you don't need a
gun. Get a dog. This is a guy that has up to six bodyguards that are armed. They've been arrested
for being armed in illegal prohibited areas. I mean, this is a total hypocrite. And I was
just thinking about that during the breaks while I mentioned it. Also, calling into the show was
Ted Nugent yesterday. And it was not the Ted Nugent when he's out kind of as a machine doing
interviews. It was the real Ted Nugent, which is similar to the Ted Nugent you hear on air.
I'm not saying he's being disingenuous. I'm saying he was more candid and stuff
on air and off air with me because now stuff's getting so hardcore.
The things he's personally been experiencing. See, this isn't a game, ladies and gentlemen.
It's what I keep trying to get across to you. This is not a game. The globalists see it as a game
and the whole world's a simulation. They have every person, every piece of equipment, everything
in the world that they can track in giant Pentagon and other globalist simulations.
That's on record. MIT, you name it. The RFID, the tracker chips, the smart grid that's going in.
Sure, it's great to be able to turn the lights off at your house or see what's going on via
a remote camera. The problem is it's all been designed and back doored to control us. Yeah,
there's nothing wrong with a gun until a crazy person comes with a gun to kill you.
And then you've got to have a gun to protect yourself, meet force with force.
But here the globalists run the whole system and it's a whole level above anything we can
technologically even understand. And it's a whole level of total war against the species
and a full spectrum dominance where the global technocrats fund the enemies themselves
and add that into the simulation to where it is a matrix level false reality.
But it's three dimensional. The system is attempting to build a totally false construct
where then you go out and simulate. The police don't even know why they call it their role
or the military, our role or we're going to do this drill. It's all acting.
And then Al Qaeda works for the globalist and only their top people know that.
And then people are fighting and dying. It's a real war, but it's totally scripted,
funded by the mega banks. The Vatican being brought down by the globalist for full control
to put in their new puppet pope, incredible. The British royalty being absolutely
blackmailed right now with the pedophile scandal. The prime ministership, all of it.
The Penn State, all of this is being activated now. It's always been going on. It's being
activated now for blackmail purposes. See, everything is going hot right now.
This is the time we've entered the zone of the acceleration of the globalist program.
That's why they're going after the guns. That's why they're shutting down the power plants.
That's why they're opening up the borders. That's why it's all just going to get crazier from here
on out. And we've been trying to shape the battlefield in the info war to get people ready.
I knew a decade ago that, and I said this over and over again, that people weren't
going to listen at the time, but they would remember what they heard as the next phase
came in. And that our real power to wake people up and the great danger zone would be when our
credibility rose to that level. And I didn't act bombastic and aggressive and crazy on air
on purpose. That's really how I am. But God used that, used that behavior that's entertaining to
some to actually be chum in the water, to bring in the sharks. But to also create a spectacle
so that people would pay attention and laugh at it in many cases.
God works in mysterious ways. And now all these years later, see, people aren't laughing anymore.
And they're going to laugh a lot less because myself and Ron Paul and Giambor Griffin and Bob
Chapman and thousands of others, the John Birch Society, and so many others. When the media laughs
and goes, John Birch Society, crazy kooks, never gives a reason why. It's because they were so
dead on, so accurate, absolutely knew what was going on. So, those crazy people, nobody listened
to them because, my goodness, discredit that, my goodness, don't go there, my goodness, don't
listen to them. Because of all of that, we have major capital, politically, economically,
worldwide. That's why they're announcing, the Tea Party's dead, everyone hates it, Obama has won,
total mandate for total takeover, as a self-fulfilling prophecy bandwagon effect on the weak-minded.
The Republican leadership is, yes, we've all failed, communism is the way to go, socialism,
open the borders, socialism, turn your guns in. That's the Republican leadership in a huge hoax.
Because what is the Tea Party? The real Tea Party is basically John Birch Society,
constitutionalist, there's a New World Order foreign banking takeover of America
to set up three global regions and a world government. What's happened?
The John Birch Society in the 50s and 60s cited everything, they had the government connections,
they had the research, they had people killed over this information, and then it all came true,
didn't it, didn't it, didn't it? We're on the march, the empire's on the run,
Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free
catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs.
This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap
makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms, but if you don't have a home
security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power,
so even if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it
in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit, or shed. Getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is
also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a
stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you
wherever you go. You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your
property 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
I can warn you, but I can't feed you. Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from
e Foods Direct. It's the best long-term, storable food on the planet. Get the popular Mega Patriot
Pack free. A 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot, and fuel. Call 800-409-5633 or go to
efoodsdirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot Packs free with purchase. Build your food
supply, be in control, be self-sufficient, and be a patriot. Call 800-409-5633 or efoodsdirect.com
slash Alex and get your free Patriot Pack today. You're listening to the Alex Jones Show.
Monday through Friday, 12 noon to 3 p.m. Eastern, we are live here, ladies and gentlemen.
Weeknights, 7 o'clock Central, prisonplanet.tv. Ron Paul's going to be calling us, I think,
in about 10 minutes. So look for some breaking news with the Congressman on the economy and QE
Unlimited. Instead of ranting about the nature of the New World Order and the decision we have
to make, I just want to say this to everybody. Everyone can feel it. The quickening, the danger,
how serious things are. And it's because the globalists have decided to devalue currencies
in a coordinated function worldwide. And if you go to mfallwars.com, there's a drone story. We've
got another big breaking one coming up. There's a big story up on the site dealing with drones,
where the press secretary was told to act as if drone program doesn't exist.
The illegal unconstitutional violation of the Geneva Convention drone program just killing
people. They say if they appear to be fighting age males, they can just kill them, not even
having weapons in their hands, going into countries that haven't authorized it on top of it.
In a rare admission, Robert Gibbs, the former White House press secretary under Obama,
told reporters Sunday that he was ordered to act as if there were no such thing as active
US drone program. It's the same thing. There's no New World Order. There's no currency devaluation.
The Federal Reserve isn't private. There's no gun confiscation plan. Well,
15, 16 states have introduced bills. They're already trying to confiscate semi-autos and
stuff over seven rounds in New York. Here's the Department of Justice memo that's now out,
that's some of the big news, saying, yeah, let's just confiscate all the guns.
No, there's no Justice Department. Well, yeah, there is. You ran fashion furious. Here's the
memo where you said you'd blame it on the Second Amendment. CBS News got it. No, there's not,
doesn't exist. I mean, I've had ABC Nightly News here, the host of ABC Nightly News, forget his
name, for Nightline, he also does that. And he goes, there's no world government. And then I go,
let me show you. And I had literally like 20 different videos and links to world leaders
saying world government. And he goes, well, that's a different world government than what
you're talking about. And he said, okay, let's go to the park and do an interview.
We've done one in here, let's do one in the park. So 30 minutes later, we're at the park.
He's got his crew with him. And I go, well, you just saw them in the world government.
He goes, no, I didn't, I don't agree to that. And then we went to dinner and he's like,
oh, I know, how's your family doing? And he's like, yeah, I agree with what you said at the
end. You're a soldier. And then he just stopped right there cuz I said, I'm here a soldier for
what I stand for. You're a soldier on your side. That's how the first nightline ended
was me saying that out there in the control room.
And we're off having dinner with him and his crew. And he's just like, yeah,
there's no world government. But there is, Alex. You're a nice guy. But I'm the anchor of ABC
Nightly News. And I'm not forgetting his name to be obnoxious. I can't draw his name right
now out of my memory. It just shows the mind game. And I sit there and I'm like,
I'm not playing your mind game, okay? There is a secret drone program. They do plan to have
it domestically roll out. It's already rolled out. Now we have internal videos that these morons,
not just one, but we're digging up more, that these morons put on a server and index to be
public. Promoting Homeland Security funding drones to spy on gun owners. You cannot make that up.
Watson's got it going up very soon at mfallwars.com and prisonplanet.com.
I mean, this is the cuckoo level we've gotten to. And Robert Gibbs goes, yeah, I know I look dumb,
but they told me to just act like it didn't exist. And this is,
understand something, this is when it was on record it was going on. You'd see that with
Bush's last, Perino, the blonde. She would get up there and they'd say, is the oil price going up?
Because the dollar's being devalued. She would go, I cannot speak to that.
And they would go, but the oil price is going up. She goes, I cannot speak to that.
I mean, it's this wall of denial. And when you're informed, it's comical. But to the general public,
they don't know. Most people don't even watch press conferences. Or if they do, they're in
the media and then they're lazy about it. They just repeat whatever government says.
So you've got a huge corrupt world government that's been set up.
I mean, look at some of these headlines.
Lobbyist demands approval for lethal drones within the United States. Former Obama press
secretary was ordered to act as if drone program did not exist.
Moretta tells Maryland it will move operations if gun law is enacted. And a bunch of gun
manufacturers, as you know, over the weekend, came out and said, we will no longer sell to
government, federal or state, any of these firearms if you deny them to the citizens.
And that's how you need to act, folks. Gun owners, gun shops, companies,
corporations that aren't global traders, you do not do business with the enemy.
This is life and death, folks. We've got to use the power of the purse that we have left
in boycotts or it's over. You've got to live for the rebellion against tyranny.
You've got to live for the Republic. Plus, if you do that and try to buy local,
try to buy American, none of us are perfect. Try to speak out against the globalist,
vote with your dollars, vote with your mouth, vote with word of mouth,
vote on the jury box, the grand jury. When you do that, it hurts the globalist.
I mean, they need us to go along with them. They need us to buy into their system.
You don't have to die for the revolution. You've got to live for the revolution.
That's what a mortal technique said, and I'm definitely going to,
I know that's been said by others before, but it's absolutely true.
You've got to define the real revolution, not the collectivist corporate fascist,
not the collectivist socialist or communist, no. Real local control, real sustainability,
not the fake UN counterfeit that's really unsustainability. See, everything with them
has one label, but is the opposite. Or if you catch them doing something, they just go,
no, you didn't. Hey, Wells Fargo, you got caught with LeCoveo laundering $300 and something
million of drug money. No, we didn't. Well, yeah, I mean, here it is admitted in the news.
No, we didn't. They play this game with you, hoping that you're not really informed,
hoping that it just matters. Well, MSNBC says there's no New World Order and Alex
Jones is crazy, but Alex Jones has all this proof. But MSNBC has a fancier looking studio,
and their people read off a teleprompter, so it looks slicker. I'm gonna go with them.
So here's some of the gun grabbing news. DOJ memo, outlaw and confiscate all guns,
infowars.com. NRAs come out with the memo they got. And the White House has responded going,
well, that's not our official policy, but it is the recommendation. Just shows that
they're disingenuous, they wanna confiscate your guns. And I know most of you know that,
but the average gun owner still is going, they're unreasonable.
Salt weapons aren't used in many crimes, why do they wanna ban them? That won't help the kids,
it doesn't make sense. Because they don't care about the kids, folks, it's about disarming us
ahead of an organized collapse. Go read the summary of select firearms violence prevention
strategies, go read it. Then we've got feds buy 2 billion rounds of ammo, and the DHS contractor,
remember last Monday we broke this, on Friday apologized for selling shooting targets of
children. And said they were told to print up $2 million worth of these by Homeland Security,
as if that's okay. And remember, even my listeners on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday,
we got a major backlash saying this wasn't real.
And there were false hoaxes run on the web saying we'd made it up. And those are obviously sock
puppets, folks. When we had the company, and the company been recorded and put out a press release
on Tuesday confirming our report, still people are saying this isn't real.
Just like they were told to say there are no drones. We wanna know about the drone program
killing 100 plus villagers and children illegally in Pakistan. There is no drone program.
Well, I guess there is a drone program. Next question, no, there isn't. And see,
it's more than that. The globalists admit they're practicing lying in our faces
just to get us used to it to where, yeah, that's just what they do. Crazy lies.
Oh, there's no paper targets. There's no 1.6 million bullets. Remember the news said that
a few weeks ago. There's no, last year they said I made it up. Doesn't matter, it's all true,
all public. They know you don't know how to go check a federal purchase order.
They know you don't follow the links. Most mainline people watching CNN when they say
I'm lying about it, they just go, no, it was only 2 million bullets for the DHS.
Not mentioning the fine print on CNN and then Washington Post was, they just focused on one
little part of the purchase to say, the Social Security Administration responds by saying they
need that. So Jones is wrong about the 1.6 million bullets. I mean, it's all just twisted lying.
But it works with the dumbed down mass out there. Cuz I mean, if Wolf Blitzer's standing there in
a big glistening giant studio that looks like it's the set of Dr. Ebel's command center or something,
then I mean, come on, it's Wolf Blitzer folks, he's got a great beard.
So that is the type of garbage that we are dealing with. Ron Paul called yet? Okay.
Man, I tell you, I got a big stack of news here. Why is Walmart worried payroll taxes
could cut consumer spending? That's out of the Christian Science Monitor. Could cut the spending?
Could cut the spending? Spending has already contracted since the payroll taxes kicked in
the last month. It's on record that consumer spending has already plunged,
and that hiring has plunged, and that because of government-run healthcare,
companies are laying off from 40 hours down to below 30 so that they don't have to get you
Obamacare. It was written by big industry to hammer the American worker and drive you into
the welfare rolls for collectivization. It was written by the big insurance companies
to double premiums the first year and then allow them to tell doctors what care they can give
to double premiums and cut the care you get when you're paying for it.
I mean, you couldn't have written something nastier. You couldn't have written something
meaner. You couldn't have written something that would have wrecked healthcare worse than this.
You absolutely could not have come up
with something more diabolical. Now, he's only got about 15 minutes with us. Former
Congressman Ron Paul, best-selling author, joins us. I wanted to get him on because he's been
writing and speaking and posting articles at Campaign for Liberty. Breaking down the bubble
is really getting big, the QE Unlimited, the global currency crises with the very authors
of the currency crises posing as our saviors. And just last week, more proposals by the G20
for a Bank of the World, SDR, that's global government, to back it all up. Ron Paul,
Dr. Ron Paul, thank you for coming on, sir. Thank you. Good to be with you.
Can you give us the latest on your analysis on what's happening with the economy and
this big event you've been talking about last few years? How close are we right now? How serious
is this currency war? Well, I think in many ways, we're in the middle of it. I think the
evidence to the general public is still not there, and there's not been a panic. But the
people in Washington and even our central bankers don't face up to the real truth of the matter,
and that is we're totally bankrupt, and yet just putting more money and running up more debt
seems to settle the markets. They don't dump their stocks. They don't dump their bonds.
But we're in the middle of some unwinding. I think that this is so much different than anything we've
gone through, you know, since World War II and especially even since 1971 with the breakdown
of Bretton Woods. But one of these days, we'll wake up some morning and realize that the whole
world has given up on the system, just as we woke up one day and the world and especially the
Soviets gave up on the Soviet Union, because the system we have, the monetary system we have,
and the economic system is not viable. It can't work, and you can't solve the problem with more debt.
And when that particular day comes, I don't think anybody knows the exact day, but
we're certainly getting very close to it. Congressman, getting into specifics and your
research there with the Von Mies Institute, pretty much everything you predicted in the last 30 years
is now unfolding. From all my research and even with the establishment saying and the way they're
behaving, it's all coming to a head. Now it's two billion rounds of bullets and hollow points that
are illegal under the Geneva Convention. We've got a new report out where Homeland Security is
funding domestic drones, and I'm not making this up, to quote, track gun purchases. That just broke
at infoawards.com. Now we see military drills expanding everywhere. We see the new Justice
Department memo saying, hey, let's just ban guns and confiscate them. It's like I've woken up in
a Orwellian nightmare, and we've got this normalcy bias, this mass Stockholm syndrome, where even
mainline conservatives, I had Ted Nugent on yesterday. He said, look, the green light's
been given on Benghazi, the green light's been given on all this other tyranny, Fast and Furious,
nobody got in trouble. And so I think we've reached that point where the tyrants figure out
that if they can take us an inch, why not take us a million miles?
No, and I've been getting away with it, but don't you think this has started a while back,
and it's just accelerating. And if you go back to what happened at Waco, if you go back to
what happened at Ruby Ridge, I mean, if they can get away with it, they do it. And nobody ever got
punished for those mistakes that were made, and now nobody gets punished at all. Matter of fact,
the Congress goes along with it. The Congress doesn't really resist and put restraint on the
president when it comes to kill this and the use of drones and assassinations, and the funding
continues. So it's a very dangerous time that we live in.
Undoubtedly, specifically with all the paramilitary buildup, the arms race going
on domestically, what do you think the feds are planning? What do you think they're preparing for,
Dr. Paul? Well, I think they prepare for everything and they themselves,
you know, go with the flow. They don't know exactly what will happen, but they're prepared.
They don't know that in two months from now there's riots in the street, but they know that
there could be. And the same way with the monetary system, they argue academically that, oh yes,
it's okay to print money and debt doesn't matter, you know, the Paul Krugman argument. But I think
they know exactly what can happen, the consequence that we warn about and try to prepare for,
so they make their preparations. Like I think you mentioned in your introduction about
what they do at the international level, under the UN and the IMF and the, you know, these
group of 20 and all these, they do plan. So we know what would be the answer, that is,
sound money and honest money and have commodity money. They want to maintain their power,
so they're laying their plans too, but I don't think they know the day they're going to use it
they plan for all contingencies, because the action of human beings are not predictable.
But when certain events come about, they're laying their plans in their network, so,
and it's really scary when you think about the drone. The drone thing should, you know, wake up
everybody on what they can do, how much surveillance, how many weapons can they carry,
when they pretend that they can target any one individual thousands of miles away from
the United States with people who maneuver those things even here, what can they do if they decide,
well, we're going after this drug dealer, we're going after this guy that owns an illegal weapon,
who knows what. And what we do know is in spite of their fantastic, you know, ability,
you know, the advancement in these weapons, we do know that they make a lot of mistakes.
There's a lot of collateral damage and they just write it off. And so I would expect that
the people in charge know that there's trouble ahead and they're laying their plans
to react in any way they think necessary.
Sure. Dr. Ron Paul is our guest here. Sir,
undoubtedly, and I want you to break this down in your own words, but you've spoken to it before,
but I marvel, we've had big government, we've had tyrannies before around the world,
but the socialist collectivist clash funded by the big special interests that want a monopoly,
obviously, of power to write health care. Of course, you know about this
being a retired medical doctor, but my dad's a dentist, oral surgeon, he's also in medical
management. And he said to me, he said, son, I knew it when I read the bill, but he's watching
it happen. Raising payroll taxes on poor people, taxes on investments, doubling premiums this year.
I mean, this is designed to kill the American economy that's competing with China. Obama's
shutting down the power plants. They are clearly trying to shut down the economy so that everybody
goes on welfare and basically bankrupts. This is an economic takeover. Do you agree with that or
can you speak to that? Absolutely. Now, I don't know if I have an absolute insight on all the
motivations because there's a mixture up there. I mean, there are evil people who have evil motives
and they want to do exactly what's happening. There are others though, who are intellectually
wholly bankrupt and actually believe this stuff. You know, I think Paul Krugman doesn't sit down
and conspire to blow up the world financially. I think he sits down and he is dedicated to
proving his philosophy on money and credit are the correct ones. And then there's a lot of other
people who are very gullible out there. You know, how many people did Obama lose the election?
Sure, but I mean, Obama said he was going to give poor people free stuff. He's literally raping them.
Yeah. So there's the people are naive enough to believe that. So you put all that together
and you end up with this calamity because they do not deal with the world as we would like to
deal with it. And that is concentrating on the individuals who have a right to their own life,
have a right to the keep the fruits of their labor, have property rights and contract rights
and sound money and get the government out of our way. So they don't work on that.
They work on the opposite. Sure, but Dr. Paul, here's my question.
Trying to figure out exactly their scheme and their plan and who did what when
has to be counteracted by us getting out in front and saying there is a better way in that way is
something that we had a taste of in this country and we're losing it. We need to wake up the
American people that the answers the answers are there for us. We just want to look. And I think I
think in many ways that is happening. A lot more people are waking up, but it's going to be a
terribly tough struggle. Sure. I want to get into the second amendment. I don't know if you've seen
this. It broke Friday, but you're always onto the news. I bring up a summary of select firearms
violence prevention strategies for the White House by the Department of Justice actually says
basically just outlaw almost all guns and make people turn them in.
And now veterans are getting letters who haven't even been diagnosed as being incompetent,
being told, prepare to turn your guns in. If they try to take the guns,
Congressman, are they trying to start a civil war? Well, you know, that's once again is trying to
interpret everything that they're thinking in their planning. They're liable to start a civil
war by doing it for whatever reason they are. But they don't believe that people should have
guns. They believe the government should have guns. And they believe this very sincerely as
as a philosophy. So, yes, they're whether that is exactly what they want. It's hard to say.
But I know one thing is they don't want the people to have the guns. But, you know,
I don't. It's one thing. I think a lot about these problems, but I just don't think that
the people are going to give up their guns. I agree. I agree. This is when wars start,
when both groups aren't given up like two trains and the politicians are off in their ivory towers
drinking champagne, saying let them eat cake. In closing, sir, we've only got about three minutes
left campaignforliberty.org. I know you've got some big announcements coming. What Dr. Paul's
going to do now that you've left Congress. Can you give us a little idea on when these announcements
are going to be made so that we can all get behind it? Yeah, I think they're coming together now.
It was recently announced about the radio broadcast that we'll be doing, and I feel very
fortunate that we have that. But there will be others, and I would say in the next three months
or so that we should have some of this coming out, and I'll have another book. And so a lot of people
thought that I would be able to sit still and just watch this thing go on, and there's no way.
I'm really excited about the opportunities I have now. My time is more my own. I get to travel when
I want. I don't have to get on that airplane when John Boehner says I have to go up there to vote.
So I have a lot more freedom and a lot more opportunities, and hopefully if I do a good job,
I will reach more people, not less people. You know, there were a lot of speeches I had to get
when there were nobody, no people in the audience, you know, when you take a talk at Congress.
So I'm, you know, like on Monday, I'm going to be, a week from today, I'll be at George
Washington University in Washington. Hopefully I have a nice crowd out there. So you have only
begun, you have only begun to fight campaignforliberty.org. How long until you get your
website, Ron Paul? Well, that's up in the air. We're still working on that, but I don't sit and
worry about that. I know it's going to come out to our best, and we will be able to take care of
whether there's enough flexibility out there. But you know, I lean toward believing that I'll once
again be able to have RonPaul.com. Very exciting. Sir, all I can say is Godspeed. We thank you for
your work. Can we get you to call for impeachment of Obama for Fast and Furious? I know you're not
in Congress now, but should we get a movement to try to impeach Obama? Well, if you're energized
to do that, I can think of other things to do, but people say, well, should he be, should he be
impeached? Well, impeach him. I think no matter which president was probably for the past 50
years, for most likely, I would have found reason to impeach him because, and I didn't impeach the
whole Congress. So it's an overwhelming task to get everybody out of Washington that ought to
be impeached or thrown out. But some people see that as a, as a good tool, but the political issue
and- Thank you, RonPaul. Thank you so much, sir. This is GCN, the Genesis Communications Radio
Network. I had tried everything. I'd cut back the amount of food I was eating. I was lifting
weights and jogging, but nothing was working. My body was literally starving for minerals and trace
elements as well as key vitamins. And as soon as I had that, I immediately could eat half of what
I was eating previously and be satisfied. Now, there are hundreds of great products
at infowarsteam.com, but I want to point out the three that have helped me lose 37 pounds
in just two months. Products like Beyond Tangy Tangerine, Holland Burst, and Rebound.
When I started taking the Tangy Tangerine and other products every day, I lost more
than 37 pounds in just two months. Now that's results. I want to challenge my listeners to go
to infowarsteam.com and to order just three of their products. And you will see the changes
in the way you look, feel, and in your appetite almost immediately. Start your
journey to health and wellness today. Infowarsteam.com.
Waging war on corruption. Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
All right, we've got breaking news that should be up any minute. It's huge.
And guys, get the video as soon as it goes live. Watson already had the video earlier today. We
probably should have already gotten it. Call Watson, ask him, I forgot to tell you that,
of the drone video he's got. Ask him for that immediately so that we have that as soon as
the article comes out in the next 10, 15 minutes. Just incredible information on the drone front.
I'm just gonna leave it at that. And I will get to a ton of news as well. Oh, it's up.
It just went live. Okay, video, DHS-funded drone spies on private gun sale. I'm not kidding. You
cannot make this up. You cannot make this up now live at infowars.com and prisonplanet.com.
And just hit refresh cuz we don't have auto refresh on the site.
We probably should put that in there, but people can complain. Maybe we should set auto refresh
to every hour or something as people don't remember to hit refresh and they have yesterday's
news up there. Cuz see, we have to use caching cuz our site gets so many visitors, or the site
would go down, but then it's a cash-heavy site. I don't wanna get into Internet stuff.
I'm gonna cover this when we come back from break. So this has now gone live at infowars.com.
In fact, guys, dial up Watson. Let's get him on Skype right now. Yeah, let's just call Watson,
get him in front of the Skype for the next segment, and then get that video grabbed
as fast as you can. And you know what? This dovetails with the video. I never aired all
of it last week. The one about the Pentagon mini drones, where the big mama drone flies over the
mothership and then drops the drones on you. I'm gonna cover this, and then I'm going to
go to your phone calls. And I'll give the number out in the next segment.
And then I wanna ask listeners, we got a total arms race by our so-called government
that's been hijacked by foreign banks. You've got the media involved in collaboration selling
total tyranny as if it's a loving thing like mommy making you a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
It's time to say no to this, and it's time to admit how hardcore everything's gotten.
And then we're also going to get to the Ted Nugent video. Ted Nugent called into the show
yesterday, and I wanna hear the first five minutes of it. Jacari Jackson's gonna cut
the 20-minute interview or so down to five minutes, some of the highlights.
That was a pretty good interview with Ted Nugent, and he's getting harassed,
something fierce by the feds right now. So that's coming up as well. But it really makes me mad,
as I talked about with Congressman Ron Paul, who just joined us. It really, really angers me
at a fundamental level that the system is trying to bankrupt poor people,
to put them on welfare, to then start cutting the welfare later.
It's bad enough to make somebody dependent, but then to make them dependent and then cut it off
incrementally in just a slow Ataconda or boa constrictor kill.
I'm not taking this sitting down, is my point. And it's not that I'm a hero or a tough guy, but
any mammal out there, if you corner it, it will fight back. And I'm still wired that way,
and it's pathetic that people see that as so honorable.
Well, this happened everywhere I went this weekend. Everywhere I went this weekend,
basically everyone knew who I was and was a listener. I mean, I drove 30 miles outside
Austin to a small town, it happened there. And I don't mind it except that it's just weird to never
have any privacy. And I'm not talking about that to go, I'm famous.
No, I mean, listen, I can go to Minnesota, I can go to Chicago, I can go to New York City.
I can go to California, I can go to Honduras, and I've been to Honduras, and people stopped me
walking down the street, large numbers of them. But now, I mean, I could go to England seven,
eight years ago and have like every 20, 30th person I walked by stop me a listener.
Now it's like, I don't know how this show is so big because the numbers aren't there. Sure,
we show about 15 million people one way or another every week here or see the show, but
this is a lot bigger than that. I don't know what's going on. But we should be able to take
the country back with this many people awake. Introducing Pro One, all of your filtration
in one system portable on the go. No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce
sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydro
fluorescent acid advanced manufacturing technology combined silver impregnated white ceramic with new
aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element.
It is the only one that does it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo
code water. This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides,
herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosilic acid, the most common form of
fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your
pro pure with the new Pro One filters today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus can inflict severe
damage in the human body. Fortunately, a new and vastly improved silver solution has been developed.
Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary broad spectrum antibacterial, antiviral,
antifungal solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin. Supernatural Silver
is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers using a patented technology that is highly
effective against colds, flus, infections, food poisoning and yeast in addition to many other
pathogens. Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe and is the number one
choice of thousands of people for immune system support. Find out how Supernatural Silver could
change your life. Go to supernaturalsilver.com and use the promo code healthy for 20% off.
That's supernaturalsilver.com and like us on Facebook.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Bend Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth-friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091
for a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice
as good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your
cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the
way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free
catalog.
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us on this Monday edition. We have breaking news
right now. Video DHS funded drone spies on private gun sales. A company hired and paid to produce
drones specifically to spy on the American people. This is breaking on infowars.com, prisonblended.com,
Infowars Nightly News exclusive. Right now, this is big. You're tied into veterans by,
it's gotta be the tens of thousands. I ran into people this weekend who were vets who have no
background in mental illness getting letters saying, prepare to turn your guns in.
The NRA got a hold of the memo. The White House responded saying it is their memo
from the Justice Department saying we need to register all the guns and then confiscate them
basically all. It says all guns are bad. They should just all be taken. Incredible. And they
say only 35 people actually died to mass shooting, which is true. They say it's 87, but they go on to
say most of those were gangs killing each other. So it was only 35. And so they use that to say,
let's just take them all. You've got that the 2 billion rounds of ammo, the military training for
domestic operations, the army manuals for gun confiscation, the army manuals for domestic
FEMA camps. All official, just type in army manual FEMA camp. It's all official, army times,
you name it. It's crazy, ladies and gentlemen. It's crazy what's going on.
But if we can force a public debate about this, it's unconstitutional, it's illegal.
We can reverse it and say no, we don't want smart meters spying on all of our appliances
and tracking us as the CIA director had told Wired Magazine they do. We told you that 10 years ago,
but it's in your face cuz they're just getting you used to it. Yeah, we're watching your kids
at home over the laptops the school gave them that you paid for with tax money.
Well, that's 1984. No, it's no big deal. Again, Robert Gibbs has now gone public saying
he was told to just say drones didn't even exist, even when they were admitted the drone program.
Because they're talking to an audience that is dumbed down. They're targeting the general public
as if we're a bunch of idiots. So you've got this massive buildup against the people.
And you've got the paper targets of gun owners and women and children and a lady in her bathrobe
and a five year old boy and says no hesitation. These are your new targets.
The company apologized but said, hey, Homeland Security bought 2 million of these from us,
$2 million worth. They asked for these, one of the biggest paper target makers in the country.
And again, ladies and gentlemen, this is outrageous what's going on.
This is outrageous that the Marines and Army are training in mass
programs of just mowing down thousands of people dressed as US civilians.
But it's okay because they use the code that they're zombies.
So you have a giant buildup by our so-called government to kill us. Enough bullets to kill
every American six times now, over 2 billion rounds. The strike vehicles, the tanks,
the helicopters, the drones, all of this. DHS video, video, DHS funded drone spies on private
gun sale, incredible. Promotional material for Shadowhawk depicts firearms transaction
as criminal activity. The promotional video for a surveillance drone now being
purchased by law enforcement bodies across the country with the aid of DHS funding shows a UAV
spying on a private gun sale. Now again, everything, not just this.
It was just this, it'd be worrisome, but it's hundreds of data points. It's all about what
is the Homeland Security Manual say? Gun owners, conservatives, libertarians, constitutionalist,
in the fetters, Ron Paul supporters, anti New World Order people, conspiracy theorists.
But what's number one? Returning veterans, returning, they even have,
we broke this years ago, but it suddenly got in the news last week.
The first class of FEMA Corps being graduated, paramilitary. I have the article,
I have the article, new defense clandestine service,
when civilian and military operations, that domestic security force with a base
goon level, schmuck, tattletale. Chivano, I guess that's what Tony Montana, a rat, a spy.
You want a Chivano on every corner? Watching you, telling you what to eat,
when to sleep, what to wear. You like squid?
You a sheep? I mean, come on, folks. Is this classical hardcore tyranny
the biggest, fattest, ugliest thing the world's ever seen? In our face, using military tactics
of saying, I don't exist, I don't exist, I don't exist. Let me explain something to the globalist.
You see 10 million guns a month being sold, you see the panic out there for a real reason?
Sometimes a panic's a good thing, get people out of their trance. America knows about the
foreign takeover. What I'm talking about is now being picked up by every other major talk show
host. You understand that? Not because I'm some great person, I was just someone aware of it
before others who didn't care how I sounded. And didn't care about how many radio stations I was
on because I had to get the word out any way I could. I just smelled out 150,000 free bumper
stickers. It even paid for the shipping. I'd mail out 10 million if I had the money.
But I'm so busy covering news, I don't even plug money. Go to infowarshop.com,
buy Propure water filters, already has the lowest price, buy shirts, DVDs, films, books, buy it all.
I'm telling you, if I got a million dollar donation right now, I'd spend 100% of it on
mailing out, I don't know how many, it would cost $35,000 for the stickers and the shipping.
About 32,000, 33,000, I forget. The point is, how many would a million dollars worth of bumper
stickers? And the average bumper sticker is seen by 20,000 people in one year, in its lifetime.
Average lifetime about a year, 12 months, some last longer. It'd be billions of views,
billions. I mean, listen, this is real, folks. I'm willing to die for this information.
But I intend to win the info war with God's help. You are living at the crossroads. This is an
incredible time to be alive. Everything's happening right now and it's just started.
The fuse is lit, folks. All the stuff you see is just the fuse burning. The explosion politically
is either gonna go into total tyranny, and they're gonna use that to totally take over.
Or we, like Judo, use their energy against them and rip their arms politically out of their
sockets. And I'm telling you, this is it, ladies and gentlemen. This is it. This is the big
enchilada right here. This is it right now. Listen, you gotta act now. You don't act later,
like, well, what do I do? Speak out, warn people, call and talk radio, go speak at city council.
Hit your knees and say, God, I wanna fight the corruption. I wanna defend the innocent.
God, tell me what to do. Believe me, believe me. You know what God really likes? I'm telling you
this from experience. God likes you just saying, hey, I'm not praying for anything except please
have me do what you want. I'm weak, take me over. That's the prayer right there. Take me over.
I'm yours, I'm yours, I'm yours. Okay, that's the answer.
Because this is it, ladies and gentlemen, this is the big one, okay? Everybody can feel everybody
can see it, but it's all just gonna get crazier from here on out. Listen to this promotional video
for the surveillance drone now being purchased, you guys can start rolling it over me. The
promotional video for surveillance drone now being purchased by law enforcement bodies across
the country with the aid of DHS funding shows a UAV spying on a private gun sale.
The promotional video for a surveillance drone now being purchased by law enforcement bodies
across the country with the aid of DHS funding shows a UAV spying on a private
gun sale, falsely depicting the scenario as a criminal activity. That's how they do it,
it's just like warfare, notice Paul gets that. It is important to emphasize
that private firearm sales without background checks are not illegal under current law in the
United States. Although gun control advocates are feverishly trying to change that with new
legislation, the government claims that 40% of all gun sales are conducted without background checks.
And it goes into the Shadowhawk drone and Homeland Security is paying for thousands of these to be
delivered to counties all over the country. In fact, a bunch of these have been delivered to
Texas. In fact, this training video is from Texas. And he got this out quickly, he did a great job,
he breaks down how it's all part of a huge arms build up, I'm gonna have Paul add to this.
Oh, look at that, it's Patriot types, they're,
look, it's dressed like a good old boy. Look at that, he's wearing a dress like a Texan right
there. All the training manuals, all the training videos, when the Marines train, they train to kill
their daddy. Look at this, be advised, they are spying on the guy buying a handgun. This whole
thing is for gun owners. And I'm gonna have Paul add the civilian inmate labor camp program into
that. I'm gonna have him add all the military training to go after gun owners in that and the
fact that they say the gun owners are the big target. I mean, this is all pointed at you,
a huge arms build up against the American people. And they've got crosshairs on the folks that are
buying the gun. So what's Homeland Security for? A gun confiscation, civil war in America.
Yeah, now he's showing him an AR-15.
Oh, this is so evil. Again, they're casting gun owners as criminals. I wanna bring Paul
Watson up, we're going to break here in just a moment. Paul Watson, I mean, you add all this
together, all these data points. I mean, this is crazy. And now they're saying today, you wrote
another article, they wanna use these drones against us publicly. And they already are in
places like North Dakota and in the Dorner case, Paul Watson.
Well, yeah, that was a lobbyist at a recent House committee hearing in Washington State.
And he basically admits, this is Paul Applewhite, whose company was founded to provide unmanned
systems and training to government and industry. So he's in bed with them. And he basically says,
not only have they been doing targeted killings abroad, because we know 5,000 people, most of them
completely innocent, have been killed by armed drones. But they've been doing indiscriminate
targeting of people abroad. So that's a new one. And then he advocates that police departments
across the United States be given the power to use armed drones to conduct manhunts, like we saw
with the Christopher Dorner thing. Absolutely, it's total militarization, total Pentagon takeover.
And who do they work for? The collaborators work for the foreign banks. And military,
they're not gonna be military soon. It's all gonna be drones and robots. Here's the story
right here. Activists launch campaign against autonomous weapons. Killer robots must be stopped.
Stay there, Paul Watson. We'll come back to you. Hi there. My name is Frank Bates. What I'm about
to tell you in the next 60 seconds could get me in a lot of trouble. I just created a free video
presentation at 123coverup.com that exposes the electricity monopolies and government agencies for
what they really are, incompetent line crooks that are counting on your ignorance and fear
to keep your power bills criminally high. Some have called this a conspiracy. Others have called
it a cover-up. And you will be shocked to find out how deep the conspiracy goes.
My video at 123coverup.com exposes the truth and shows you the secret of how I beat them
and how you can beat them too. Watch the controversial video that thousands of other
smart patriots have already seen in the last three months. Go to 123coverup.com and discover
one weird trick to slash your power bill and protect your home. Go watch my video now at
123coverup.com before they force me to shut it down. Again, the truth is the secret.
They forced me to shut it down. Again, that's 123coverup.com.
It was the Carnivora that did it. And a lot of patients got better,
ranging from immune dysfunction to allergies and infection.
Here's the toll-free telephone number to call to access the Carnivora telecast at
carnivora.com on Tuesday, March 12th, 8 p.m. Eastern Time. Call 1-888-694-9666.
That's 1-888-694-9666. Once again, 1-888-694-9666. Visit c-a-r-n-i-v-o-r-a.com
or call 1-866-VenusFly to order now.
Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered why banks,
stockbrokers, investment advisors want to talk about gold IRAs? They've been available
since 1986, yet the financial industry won't recognize the value of gold for your retirement.
Gold has outperformed paper investments, yet no word about IRAs. If you would like to have
gold for your retirement, call 800-686-2237. Don't get left behind by rising inflation
and low returns. Call 800-686-2237. Secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
Only 1.7 cents per gallon. Berkey water filters purify treated and untreated water, even stagnant
pond water. Stop and think how much money you could save by simply reducing buying bottled
water and using water filtered by your Berkey water filter. No need to be constantly replacing
expensive filters with a Berkey. A single set of filters can last for 5 to 10 years.
Choose the best size Berkey for your needs at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com. And right now,
all GCN listeners get 5% off all ceramic filter systems. Just call 1-877-999-BERKEY.
That's 877-99-BERKEY or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
Free shipping on every order over $50. Big Berkey Water Filters, for the love of clean water.
And again, ladies and gentlemen, if I rant and rave a bit, it's because
if I saw people robbing and beating my neighbors, I'd get all upset and hop up and down like a wild
dog. That's how you're supposed to act. I mean, you're supposed to get upset. That's why CNN
hadn't had me back, because that was breaking people out of their trance. A lot of people,
probably 30%, were very uncomfortable by it. Oh, my gosh, gun owners shouldn't be that upset
and yell. That makes us look bad. And the media tried to spin it like that, but then backed off,
because, no, wait a minute, they are trying to take our guns. They are lying. Here's Morgan's
not being reasonable. He doesn't care about kids. He's exploiting them. That's outrageous.
You're going to start another revolution. People need to know the response they need to have.
And it's the same thing with these drones. You're going to take our money and militarize
everything when clearly you're preparing for war with the best people in this country,
hardworking constitutionalist veterans and people like that. That's outrageous.
Where are the congressional investigations? Where are the arrests? Where are the impeachments?
And now, the main helicopter, that's what it is, a medium-sized helicopter drone,
same one they crashed down, and Katie bought one and crashed it outside Houston.
They're buying tons of these for local departments. And one of the training videos
and the advertisement, guys selling guns to each other. I mean, give me a break.
They're going to stop criminals having guns. It's the idea of gun owners being criminal.
The DHS targets all of it. Paul Watson, who broke this news at infoawards.com
just 25 minutes ago, joins us. Paul, break down your take on this. And again, the calls
in Congress by lobbyists and others, again, they're just getting us used to it for the
Skynet drones. Go ahead. Well, this is a half a million dollar drone.
It's being funded by the Department of Homeland Security because they're paying for half of it
when police departments buy it. So, they're putting forward $250,000.
It's a 50-pound mini helicopter. And according to the website of the makers,
Vanguard Defense Industries, it can be fitted with tasers that can shoot barbs up to 100 feet.
It can be fitted with 12-gauge shotguns and grenade launchers.
So, while it depicts the American citizens as engaging in criminal activity for selling firearms,
they're preparing to put firearms on these drones. And they've got people lobbying for
them to be used domestically to hunt down suspects. So, then the police can become,
you know, judge dread, judge jury and executioner inside the United States after they've already
killed thousands and thousands of innocent people with armed drones abroad. But the comments are
interesting, Alex, cuz you know, every time we put an article out, it's like fake. This is fake.
People said it about the shooting targets of pregnant women and children. The company later
had to apologize. They said it about the 1.6 billion bullets,
just like Gibbs was told, say there's no drones. It's just, this is a psy-op, yeah.
It's like confirmation bias in reverse, just anything to deny reality. And it's real. You
can go on the Vanguard Industries website and that's their official YouTube channel. You can
go on that and watch this same video clip, which is where I got it from. And then there's another
one who says that the long rifle depicted in the clip is an SBR short-barreled rifle,
which requires class three paperwork, meaning it is an SBR short-barreled rifle.
It requires class three paperwork, meaning it is illegal, and therefore it's perfectly reasonable.
Yeah, that's not true either. It's the short-barrel stuff is on shotguns. Unbelievable loads of bull.
It's the feds. It's sock puppets and feds crawling all over infoawars.com and prisonblunder.com.
And it's important to point them out and to go look up sock puppets. This is not a joke.
The Department of Defense admits they have hundreds of thousands of private contractors,
hundreds of thousands engaging in domestic propaganda against the American people.
All of it illegal. Our government has taken over. It is illegitimate. Go ahead, Paul.
And it's all part of this slippery slope to approving, authorizing, justifying the use of
armed drones against American citizens on US soil. CNN a couple of weeks ago, Erin Burnett,
she was on the advocating armed drones be used against Christopher Dorna. And again,
they'll use a test case like that who, you know, a cop killer to legitimize it.
And then eventually, you know, it's spying on gun owners as is depicted in this clip.
And the whole, the whole thing behind it is it links criminal clandestine activity with gun
sales. So, yeah, they may be portrayed as criminals in this clip, but they're selling
guns and they're making that association. That's the whole point. Meanwhile, the DHS is buying
two billion rounds of ammo. They're buying 7000 fully automatic assault weapons and calling them
personal defense weapons. And yet Americans are under suspicion for selling handguns privately.
So we know where this is all going. It's preparation for mass civil unrest.
That's why they're doing all this. Absolutely. I'm gonna say this very slowly for everyone.
I know most of you know this, but we've got to get this out to everybody. I'm gonna say it
very slowly. In all the training manuals, the targets, the preparation, the target is law
abiding citizens. The government is preparing for a Soviet style purge of the American people.
This is a red level emergency. The government is evil. Paul, stay there. I have a few more questions.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN radio network.
Completely wireless. Go to get simply safe.com. Simply safe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power. So even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable. So you can use it in your home, business,
boat, trailer, storage unit, or shed. Get simply safe.com. Simply safe is also ridiculously easy
to install yourself in under 20 minutes. So there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but simply safe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a
day, seven days a week. Again, that's get simply safe.com. Your freedoms are on the line. The
second amendment is in danger. How soon before your freedoms are taken away? What can you not
live without? What is your greatest dependency? Is it your guns? Is it your home? No, it's food.
It all boils down to the food supply. Tyrannical governments control people by controlling their
food supply. Don't be dependent. Be self-sufficient. Don't wait for the government to feed you. Feed
yourself. I can warn you, but I can't feed you. Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food
from eFoods Direct. It's the best long-term storable food on the planet. Get the popular
mega patriot pack free. A 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot, and fuel. Call 800-409-5633
or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 mega patriot packs free with purchase.
Build your food supply, be in control, be self-sufficient, and be a patriot.
Call 800-409-5633 or eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get your free patriot pack today.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our immunity
and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection
of silver-based products. Our most popular silver-based products are the 32-ounce nano
silver solutions, our 2-ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well as our all-natural silver
soaps. Just released is our 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic
gelling agents which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface, but rather we have
formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera to quickly
penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more effectively. Visit www.SilverLungs.com
and click on our store page to find what silver-based products are best for you.
That's www.SilverLungs.com. There's an old
saying in Tennessee, I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee, that says fool me once,
shame on shame on you. Fool me, we can't get fooled again. He aligns himself with the truth
and it's time for you to choose a side. You're listening to Alex Jones.
I want to get your view as listeners on the giant arms build up, the memos going out to veterans
to turn their guns in, the DHS memo saying they want total gun confiscation, the billions of
rounds of ammo, the paper targets, the training manuals that gun owners, conservatives, libertarians
are the enemy. I mean, this is like 1918 Russia. And if we follow the orders of this illegitimate
criminal government, it's over. I mean, they are really horrible people. They plan on fully gutting
this country. Told for a number to join us 800-259-9231, 800-25-99231. Paul, last week we
aired part of a video, we'll play some more of it in a moment, with the Air Force showing a
drone flying over and launching little drones that land on your power line and spy on you.
Well, that's what the smart meters already do. You just pay to have them put on the side of your
house illegally. The boldness of this takeover, but it's accelerating for the collapse. I mean,
does the system really think some drones and some spy systems? It's not gonna matter spying and
having intel on people when they hate your guts and know you're a foreign occupier.
It doesn't matter. I get these calls about, my gosh, the military will get us the military.
We've already woke them up. The globalist couldn't hold Baghdad with 100,000 troops.
I'm sick of this. I mean, we'd have to be the most cowardly, pathetic people in the world
to keep putting up with all this. But then I see the general public watching the Oscars and
sucking their thumbs. I mean, it's quite a spectacle. Go ahead.
Well, I guess the people who matter, Alex, aren't gonna turn their guns in cuz they're
not the people sucking their thumbs, are they? I mean, those people in Katrina,
a lot of them turn their guns in. So it's whether people are delusional enough
to believe the lie that it's for their safety, which is what they're gonna be told.
Well, you mentioned 1918 Russia. I put out an article on Friday with a Russian communist
propaganda poster from 1918, where it says comrades turn your guns in, which of course
is a chilling resemblance to the Dianne Feinstein quote. But I've noticed in the aftermath of your
appearance on Piers Morgan, there's been this kind of meme on behalf of gun control advocates
and status saying, and they've completely taken over the Google search results in this, saying
Hitler never took the guns, Stalin never took the guns. They're trying to literally rewrite history
to claim that tyrannical barbaric regimes in history did not engage in-
Yeah, I saw your article and Salon and CNN, they've got the top links along with Nazi groups
saying Hitler didn't take guns. Well, technically, Weimar Republic had gun restrictions on the books,
then Hitler selectively enforced them. It is a load of crap that Hitler didn't take guns,
not just in Germany, but all over occupied areas. And yes, you have all the liberal sites that are
really authoritarians going, no one ever took guns for authoritarianism, absolute complete bull.
Well, Nazi weapons law, November 11, 1938, prohibited the Jews quote from acquiring,
possessing, and carrying firearms and ammunition. That's the direct quote from Hitler's law.
So yeah, he took existing gun control laws, tightened them to a draconian level,
and then put people in prison and killed them if they violated those laws. And then you had
the Warsaw Ghetto, of course, which was only unsuccessful because the Jews did not have
adequate access to firearms. And in fact, Goebbels wrote in his diary after the fact, quote,
this just shows what you can expect from Jews if they lay hands-on weapons. And then you look at,
as he said, 1918-
No, no, no, Shallan and CNN and the Daily Beast, Hitler didn't take any guns. He was a nice guy,
come on. And now you're gonna say Hitler was bad, Paul? I mean, you are a right-wing extremist.
Why don't you agree with Time Magazine that Hitler didn't take any guns?
And Stalin was a nice fellow as well, apparently.
Oh, well, hey, hey, hey, let me show the article. Here it is. Communist propaganda
poster comrades turn in your weapons, and it's on record they took the guns,
but that doesn't exist because CNN says so. Okay, okay.
And in this article, I cite history books written by noted historians, and they talk about Stalin.
In 1918, the communist government banned private ownership of firearms. First,
it was registration, then they banned them. The punishment was six months in prison.
Then Stalin comes along later, the punishment for possession of firearms by a private citizen
who is not a Communist Party member is death. So to claim that Stalin, and of course,
Stalin's model was mimicked in China and Cambodia. Same result, gun confiscation, mass genocide.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, there's no drones either. Paul, Paul, it's like ABC News,
when they were here, they said nobody's calling for world government. And I showed them the clips,
and they said that's a different world government. Everything's fine, Paul, come on.
And the shooting targets put out by the DHS contractor were all fake, they never existed.
It's ridiculous, the propaganda. But you're Bill Hicks, I'm a lizard,
that's documented, that's important to discuss.
Oh, it is entertaining, keep it coming, more please. Seriously, in closing here,
and I'm gonna play a clip from this Air Force training video, and then play a clip from Ted
Nugent with us yesterday when he called in. And then we're gonna go to your phone calls
ahead of Mike Adams coming in studio. There's some type of diversion on the road, so maybe
a little bit late, but Mike Adams breaking news coming up as well.
In closing, I just wanna say this, folks, support us. I wanna finish the new studios,
I wanna do the satellite uplinks, I've got a bunch of money I gotta spend.
And the more money comes into our operation, the more we can fight. And is there any place out
there hitting the globalist harder every day than infowars.com? Yeah, drudgereport.com. And thank
God they're carrying some of our news and helping magnify that as well. But when it comes to really
fighting the globalist, we're the best there is. And we need your support. And we're able now to
force this news out to get the other big talk show host to cover it. We're having major breakthroughs
right now. So whether it's a ball cap, a camouflage, don't tread on me, infowars.com,
or an Obama Joker shirt, or a don't tread on me shirt, or a come and take it shirt with the
Second Amendment written in it, buy water filters, you name it, at infowarsstore.com.
That's infowarsstore.com or call toll free 888-253-3139, 888-253-3139. And click on all
our sponsors at infowars.com and prisonplanet.com and try to support those sponsors. We have a ton
of ads on the website because it's an old format and try to change that down the road.
There's more news on the side and stuff. But try to click on the sponsors themselves and support
them because there's so much I wanna do. I mean, there's just so much. If we have the capital,
we can do. And I know how bad the economy is as well. I know they're really trying to squeeze
people out out there. So those of you that do have worth, those of you, your financial worth,
those of you that do have the extra capital, you should be buying from us books, videos, materials,
and giving them to others. Even if you're totally awake, you should be buying the Alex Jones
everything special 20 something films. You should be getting all the other books and videos, the
high quality water filters, all of it. Because not only do you get a great deal,
you support the transmission and spread the word about the show as well.
Paul Watson, anything else you'd like to add?
No, that's it, Alex. Subscribe to prisonplanet.tv.
Absolutely, prisonplanet.tv. You get 11 memberships for $5.95 a month now. So you can
give it to 11 people who can simultaneously log in at one time. It's really more than that.
And prisonplanet.tv is exploding because of that system we've launched. It's all about reaching
more people. So become a mega subscriber. I mean, go get one membership and give it to your friends
and family on username, passcode, boom, prisonplanet.tv. All right, thank you, Paul Watson.
Thank you. All right, I'm gonna play a few minutes of this just because it was so interesting.
It was exciting. I mean, I've had Ted Nugent on probably 10 times over the years.
But Ted Nugent called into the show yesterday cuz he lives down here in Texas.
Every time I say that, people go, really, I thought he lives in Michigan.
He's got a place in Michigan too, but he lives here pretty much full time. I know folks that
are friends with him and go shooting with him. He has a ranch north of Austin, in between Austin
and Waco. So I don't know how else to explain that to people, but I assure you. And we're gonna
be getting him on the show very, very soon. In fact, the date's already been set now.
They got back with us today. And so he's gonna break some information here on the show. I'll
just leave it at that. We've got some other big guests tomorrow. Michael Savage is gonna be joining
us. And then we've got other big breaking news we're working on. Well, there's a bunch of stuff
this week. When it rains, it pours. And people are really waking up right now. And the quickening is
happening, and more and more people are reaching out to us. Because they're like, man, I thought
you're a little out there, but it's all happening. I don't deserve any credit. The globalists are
all public about what they do. They just play these mind games of, no one ever took guns. No,
they didn't take guns anywhere. People are like, are you sure, Alex? Cuz they say no guns were
taken. Yeah, they said they didn't burn down Dorner. And I'm like, there's six different
videos of them saying we're gonna burn the house down. Are you sure, Alex? They wouldn't lie.
Cuz they're lying about that, that means they're bad. And then that's kinda scary.
So I'll just say they don't lie to us. Folks, it's reaching a rotting point, a busting point.
And a flashpoint. Let's go ahead and go to a clip of this and then to your phone calls.
Here's Ted Nugent. And we're answering the phones in there, give the number out. First
caller comes in, we open the phones up. It's Ted Nugent. Cuz our phones aren't just open on
the Sunday show, it's a computerized phone system. You have to turn it on. He turns the
phone system on. Boom, yeah, this is Ted Nugent driving in. I wanna come on, talk about what Alex
is talking about and thanking. And so while I'm playing a video clip, I'm going, okay,
asking, well, I think I tell the story here, so here it is.
Now, I was down at the Piers Morgan thing in New York, but also in Houston in Katy a few weeks ago.
They're covering it when he was down there. And I saw Ted Nugent drive through, waved at him. He
rolled down the window and said, I'll kick their butt for you and drove in to the building where
I've been earlier, there at the tactical firearms. And a fellow called in saying he was Ted Nugent,
who's been on the show probably 10 times in the last 15 years or so. In fact, I've been trying
to get him on lately. And somebody called in saying they're Ted Nugent. And I said, okay,
ask him, cuz I don't have time, I couldn't talk to him just now and run out there and find out who
they are and make sure it's Ted. I said, ask him what he drove into the Piers Morgan thing in
Houston in. And he said, my pilot's cruddy gray SUV. So it's either Ted Nugent or it's somebody
that was there and knew. So I'm very excited to get Uncle Ted on with us. If it's Uncle Ted,
I'll recognize his voice. Is that Uncle Ted?
Alex, greetings from the Self-Evident Truth Army that supports everything you do, man.
I'm calling in to say thank you.
No, I wanna thank you. Hey, I know you're a busy guy, but when can I get you on the show?
We need to do it soon. I'm really, really busy these days. I just happen to have a wonderful
dinner with my daughter in Houston. I got in my truck on my way back home to Waco. And I heard
you coming on the air with the new telephone number, so I dialed it. I figured I'd just jump
in and say hello. Well, listen, can you do maybe 10 minutes with us while you're driving?
Yeah, I think as long as I got a signal, I'd be more than happy to. Cuz what you're celebrating
and what you're sharing with the radio listeners out there is indisputable, it's irrefutable.
And I gotta thank you because it's so late in coming that those of us with the balls and the
inside view of the criminality of this government right now, the unprecedented abuse of power and
corruption and fraud and deceit by the Chicago gangster scammer Acorn and Chief.
It's so diabolical that I just wanted to say thank you from the trenches.
Please don't thank me, sir. We wanna get your take.
Absolutely, and there's 18 minutes more of it up at infowars.com and prisonplanet.com. But
he said he's gonna break some info here on the show very, very soon and he has been set back up
for the show. But it conflicts with another interview I'm doing, so we're gonna tape it.
But anyways, we're gonna get him back on the broadcast. Very exciting to have that happen.
Things are always fun when they're a surprise. That's why I always surprise people with news
or big gas cuz I like surprises. Some people don't like surprises. My lawyer calls me or
something. I don't like those kind of surprises. But right now, let's go to your phone calls.
For those of you that have been patiently holding the last few minutes,
let's go and talk to Zachary. No, no, Joe in California is first, then Zachary.
Joe in California, you're on the air. Welcome.
Good afternoon, Alex. You're doing God's work and I salute you.
Well, thank you, brother. Go ahead.
I wanna talk to you about drones on two brief issues. One, there is a good use for drones.
I say we fly one into the Bohemian Grove on the cremation of care and break up their little
ceremony. We've actually talked about doing that. And believe me, the Secret Service would probably
go completely wild on you about that. But hey, you're watching us. Aren't these the crooks that
need to be washed? You make a really good point. Well, the nice thing is it sends the footage back
to your smartphone. So even if they took down the unmanned aerial device, we would still have
the footage. And they can take one of us down. But if we send in those drones every single year-
Well, that's why they're saying, we'll protect you from the drones. We need state and federal laws,
which then ban citizens having drones so only the establishment can. It's like, we'll deal
with congressional insider trading. And then they legalize it, claiming they criminalized it when
it was already illegal. Go ahead. They need to know there's nowhere they can hide. And the second
issue I wanted to bring up just briefly, I know it's important that you have good relations with
anybody, especially Michael Savage. He has a huge audience. However, I hope that you can respectfully
hold his feet to the fire with his take on drones. Just last week, he mocked his audience for their
mistrust of the Obama administration and Eric Holder. He supports the legal case for using
drone strikes on Americans. He supports the official story of Anwar al-Awlaki. He never
mentioned the fact that Anwar al-Awlaki dined at the Pentagon. He doesn't talk about the shoe
bomber, the underpants bomber, the Fort Hood shooter. He calls his listeners knee-jerk,
neo-cons, and nervous-nelly media conservatives because they question Eric Holder.
Well, let me just be clear. I didn't hear him say all that. But I'm getting him on about his book.
And my issue is, he didn't say, hey, don't ask me tough questions. But when somebody asks,
well, what do you want me on about? And then I'm honest with them what it's about.
I'm not gonna sneak attack somebody on my show. I'll ask him if he wants to take some phone calls.
I mean, maybe you can call in then. But see, I can't just say, hey, you said this and that.
I'm not saying you're lying. But it might be your interpretation as well. I just can't go off of
what you say. But I'm gonna get Savage on. All I know is Savage talked about Obama staging false
flags, Obama's domestic army, Obama coming after the guns, the New World Order. Of all the big
mainline talk show hosts out there, I mean, I think Savage is the best. I know that Savage
doesn't work behind the scenes to try to shut my show down and cause it problems and mess
with sponsors and things like someone else does. And so my whole issue is, he's not an empty suit.
And I work with WorldNetDaily. He works with them. And so we'll see what happens tomorrow.
But I'm not gonna, it's not that I'm gonna do sit here and do a softball interview. I've got
him coming on about the big threat, the New World Order, Obama, all this other stuff.
But send me emails, send me the facts on what you're saying there. Cuz so much stuff that ends
up being said about Savage, you go look it up and it's not true. Or it's a forgery or it's twisted.
I mean, I had some guy walk up to me this weekend while I'm eating with my family at a restaurant
and say he was a fan. But I could tell by the way he was looking at me. I was like,
every once in a while it happens. And he's like, how do I know you're not with the government or
whatever? And I'm like, hey, man, leave whatever you want. It's a cop out to sit there and ask,
cuz it puts people, puts them on a moral high horse. Like, I'm questioning you with no proof.
If somebody's got the proof of something wrong I've done, bring it, okay? I'm here fighting
tyranny, it's obvious. Weekend by GMO stressed out about money and blasted by the electric
environment. Hi, I'm Pastor Jenny, and that was the state I was in back in 2010. Then I learned
about RNA drops. I learned that 97% of my DNA that scientists have called junk is actually
packed with millions of gene switches that play a critical role in controlling how my cells,
organs, and other tissues behave. I learned I don't have to put up with disease decay or decline
like I'd been conditioned to believe. I began taking RNA drops, a 100% natural formula designed
to turn on those switches and provide me with amazing health and joy. Learn more about RNA
drops and order a free sample today. Visit RNAfreesample.com. That's RNAfreesample.com
or call toll free 888-577-3703. Pay only shipping and handling for a free 30 day supply
of RNA drops. Get the information you need and the health you want at RNAfreesample.com.
We all know that Berkey water purification systems are the most trusted name in water filtration.
As an authorized Berkey dealer for over six years and serving thousands of satisfied customers,
the Berkey guy offers amazing specials for Berkey water filtration systems. The Berkey light systems
include a set of self-sterilizing and re-cleanable black purification elements that purify water
by removing chlorine, pathogenic bacteria, cysts and parasites to non-detectable levels and remove
harmful chemicals such as herbicides and pesticides. Order the Berkey light system today
complete with two black Berkey elements for only $231 and the Berkey guy will ship your order free
of charge. With the purchase of a Berkey light, the Berkey guy is also offering a set of fluoride
and arsenic filters for only $39.99. That's over 30% off the retail price. Call the Berkey guy at
1-877-886-3653. That's 1-877-886-3653 or order online at goberky.com. That's goberky.com today.
Social unrest, food shortages, political turmoil, EMPs, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, fires,
riots, flooding. It's not a matter of if, but when. What if it happened right now? Would you
have the supplies to survive off the grid? Offthegrid.com is the place to go for the
widest selection of survival supplies at rock bottom prices. Head over to offthegrid.com for
survival kits, first aid supplies, dried food, water filters and purifiers, gas masks, solar
and crank radios, solar generators, ammo, knives, stun guns, pepper sprays, hats and bags, fire
starters, a library of books, and a whole lot more. Get free same day shipping on all orders
over $75. Enter promo code radio at checkout and receive an additional 5% discount off our already
lowest in the industry prices. Offthegrid.com, proud to stand shoulder to shoulder with you
as we protect our constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic.
See, I'd rather get to know Michael Savage and then try to influence him that way.
Then just get him on here and try to act like I've got a bigger, you know what than he does.
See, I'm not in competition with people.
I told him that on the phone, he didn't really bring that subject up, but it came up one way.
And I mean, I want this country back, I want this world back. I don't wanna give in to total
tyranny. I mean, this is life and death for me, cuz I know the score. This is not about
who's number one or who's on the most stations. If I wanted to do that, folks, I would have
taken the deal and been the next Glenn Beck. TV deals, the books, all of it, I was offered
the exact same thing. And two years later, Glenn Beck came along. And that's how it works.
These radio executives go out and find people that they think can do certain things and then
they create shows and then program them. And I was told the same thing four different times
by different high level executives, different companies, the same story.
How you don't have to worry, we will show you how to be number one,
and this is what we're going to do. And that just does not interest me. Changing history
for the better interests me. Standing up against evil, not having this nightmare New World Order
takeover. I mean, if most people working for the system, most of them aren't bad.
They're just sellouts, ladder climbers. What they don't know is that ladder that goes into the
clouds, that cloud isn't water vapor, it's nerve gas. They think they're climbing up to the magic
castle with the gold. And they're not, they're climbing up a globalist ladder into a very bad
place. See, I don't wanna go up that ladder. I want to get out of this system. I wanna change
things. And I know history, I know I can do it with your help. I know you have power.
And if you knew what I knew, I mean, if you knew I'm not just making all this up,
if you'd go research what I'm saying, and a lot of you have done that, you'd understand,
of course, he's not selling out. He knows history. I mean, if these globalists weren't
absolutely pure evil, I probably would have compromised in more ways just to get into
the power structure with the old thing of work from within. Something this bad,
you cannot compromise with it. Trying to explain this to people.
There's no pragmatic way out of this, okay? You've gotta have a clean break with these people
and really get what's happening. And all of us just have to start saying no in different ways.
And you can see us turning the momentum. That's why the system's accelerating the takeover right
now. I know we got loaded phones. Mike Adams is coming in about 15 minutes. We'll go to a Brian
and Zachary and Brendan and Tim and everybody when we come back.
So I'm going to break. It's too late to go to calls right now. It's just
that caller asked those questions and then I'm thinking, well,
you know, what kind of questions should I ask Savage? Cuz see, it wasn't even in my mind
that, I'm going to do a softball interview. I never even thought like that. I'm like a
hunting dog. I'm on my trail. That's what I'm doing. I was thinking,
I was thinking, how do I get Michael Savage to come on regularly to talk about things that he
thinks are important? Cuz it will add a richness to the broadcast and bring in Michael Savage
listeners. And then my listeners will go over to Michael Savage. And then we will change Michael
Savage, I believe in the long run. But reality will change people. But that's not even the
overall goal. The overall goal is to talk about issues and get his perspective about how China
has become our owner by the globalist traders manipulating us in that position. See, I'm
worried about the big threat on the planet. I'm not worried about, you know, showing someone up
cuz I'm the big man. You are listening to GCN. Visit GCNlive.com today.
of hydrofloresolicic acid advanced manufacturing technology combined silver impregnated white
ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals.
All in one filter element. It is the only one that does it and out of the gates. We have
it discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is the only system that in one unit helps
reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines, ammonia, and chlorine, hydrofluorosilic acid,
the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium
hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro-Pure with the new Pro-One filters today at Infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Reaching war on corruption, Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups.
You want answers?
Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
All right, into hour number three, Mike Adams will be arriving in the next 10-15 minutes.
Key breaking news with him, got a whole list of it here.
Here's some of the news we've got.
Pasture plans, toy gun buyback program.
See, the idea is guns themselves are bad, instead of guns being something to protect
you from a rattlesnake, something to go hunting to get you food, it's dangerous, but kids
gotta learn things are dangerous.
The problem is you got people that never been around gun culture now getting guns, and their
four-year-old picks it up and shoots themselves.
Just amazing, but see, it's the idea of, it's of the Lord to turn your gun in, it's of the
Lord to roll over to evil, totally unbiblical.
The Pharisees were planning to set Christ up, and he wasn't ready to be killed yet,
so he turned the other cheek to make the guy look like a fool.
See, everything in there is about the particular story and time, it's like a handbook on how
to behave, and it's all varied.
But I guess the average dumbbell out there, kid doesn't know how to understand the Bible,
which saddens me, that's why they want you dumbed down.
Let's talk to Brian in Mass, gold in the economy is what you called in about, welcome.
Hey, Alex, I just wanted to touch upon your last comments.
I agree though, you're with Michael Savage, he's a good guy overall, compared to all the
rest of the radios.
He's no Mark Levin, he's no Sean Hannity, I think he's just, he's a good guy.
So I wouldn't doubt that you have to go Ann Coulter on him or anything like that.
Now that's somebody I'd like to get on is Ann Coulter, bad-mouthing libertarians saying
the Japanese ought to be thankful for Fukushima.
I mean, again, she just says outlandish stuff to get attention.
It's one thing if you say outlandish stuff that's real to get attention to the problem,
I'm all for publicity if it's real, life is sensational.
But my issue with Ann Coulter is, since you bring her up, is that she's just always saying
really stupid stuff, go ahead.
No, I mean, when you entered back in 2002, I mean, you tried to be nice to her, but I
mean, she said she didn't care about the Second Amendment.
She had no interest towards actual civil liberties, the only thing she said she was concerned
with was the war on, quote unquote, terrorism.
No, it's a fake lawyer response, and that shows the hysteria they had when they staged
9-11, was that I don't care about the Second Amendment anything, I'll do anything.
Yeah, I'd forgotten she said that.
Get rid of everything to fight the terrorists that the government publicly runs, which is
admitted, but I'm not supposed to talk about it like it's rude if I bring that up.
The stupid al-Qaeda is being used to take our liberties, we're the target, not al-Qaeda.
That's right, and when you said, well, what about George Bush after the Second Amendment,
she said that's not a concern to me, nothing's a concern, nothing's a concern, the only thing
that you have to be worried about- No, no, no, no, these pundits that the establishment
pushes are good at just putting out arguments, and people think they put out dumb arguments
because they're talking to a dumbed down population, that's the chicken and the egg deal.
The dumbing the argument down is what dumbs you down, it's not that they dumb it down
because you're dumb, they dumb it down to make you dumb, and now they have made us dumb,
but we can reverse that, you see what I'm saying?
Absolutely, that's what I actually- And by the way, she sounds like a genius compared
to an MSNBC person, cuz you see, there's stuff like Ann Coulter and clowns like her, they're
not even on the radar screen, man, I mean, the stuff on MSNBC and CNN, now that is dangerous,
I mean, that is just, I turn it on and I'm like, am I actually seeing this crap where
they sit there and there's no world government, there's no drones, there's no corruption,
Alex Jones is bad, he said they said burn it down, he's helping Dorner, he loves Dorner,
I mean, it is just a pack of lying, knuckle dragging enemies.
Oh yeah, and you're a racist, you know what I mean, either way, right?
Yeah, it's like, hey, I don't want socialism, right, I mean, it's like, what does it even
mean?
What does it, yeah, that's the, they do a thing that's called a good distraction, it's
the effect- No, it's all about, it's like a squid shooting
ink at you, exactly, in fact, that's the new liberal defense thing, is a pair of scissors
against a gun or to crap on yourself, did you see that last week?
I did.
They're being raped, vomit or urinate on people, liberals are now like squid, they're going
to projectile crap on us.
It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus can inflict severe
damage in the human body, fortunately, a new and fastly improved silver solution has been
developed, Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary broad spectrum antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal
solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin, Supernatural Silver
is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers, using a patented technology that
is highly effective against colds, flus, infections, food poisoning and yeast, in addition to many
other pathogens, Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe and is the number
one choice of thousands of people for immune system support, find out how Supernatural
Silver could change your life, go to supernaturalsilver.com and use the promo code healthy for 20% off,
that's supernaturalsilver.com and like us on Facebook.
Your freedoms are on the line, the second amendment is in danger, how soon before your
freedoms are taken away, what can you not live without, what is your greatest dependency,
is it your guns, is it your home, no, it's food, it all boils down to the food supply,
the radical governments control people by controlling their food supply, don't be dependent,
be self-sufficient, don't wait for the government to feed you, feed yourself, I can warn you
but I can't feed you, do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from e Foods Direct,
it's the best long term storable food on the planet, get the popular Mega Patriot pack
free, a 24 day supply of food plus stove, cook pot and fuel, call 800-409-5633 or go
to efoodsdirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot packs free with purchase,
build your food supply, be in control, be self-sufficient and be a patriot, call 800-409-5633
or efoodsdirect.com slash Alex and get your free Patriot pack today.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms but if you don't have a home security system
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection, when you're sleeping
or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe, it's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless,
go to getsimplisafe.com, SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid, it runs on battery power
so even if the grid goes down, you're protected, it's completely customizable so you can use
it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed, getsimplisafe.com, SimpliSafe
is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes so there's no need to
let a stranger into your home, if you move or need to relocate you can take the system
with you wherever you go, you aren't always at home but SimpliSafe will stand guard protecting
your property 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, again that's getsimplisafe.com.
Defending the republic from enemies foreign and domestic, it's Alex Jones.
Monday through Friday from 11am to 2pm Central Standard Time, we're here live back Sundays
4 to 6 with a Sunday live transmission and every weeknight 7 o'clock Central, infowarsnews.com,
prisonplanet.tv, the nightly news, people like Immortal Technique in studio for an hour
and 20 minutes last Friday, a lot of big breaking news coming up this week, thank you for joining
us, I will get to more of your calls from Tim and Zachary and everybody else that's
holding, Mike Adams is here in studio with us, thehealthrangernaturalnews.com and Friday,
are you still set to guest host for me?
I actually plan on being here, it's just I've got so much to get done, I have to actually
take off to get stuff done, just like I know you have to, hey, you brought a Barrett 50
cal mag in here.
Well yeah, I figure there's all this talk about reducing the size, the capacity of magazines
and so if it comes down to a 10 round limit, these are the 10 rounds that I want, Barrett
50 cal.
And it looks like you've got the actual army version there, you've got the tan one?
This is from the M107A1 flat dark earth, 29 inch barrel magazine, this is the new improved
magazine over the 82 model.
Yeah, cuz you can actually see the numbers there.
So go Barrett, I tell you.
I'm all about going Barrett.
Yeah, even seven rounds in here would still be effective, wouldn't you say?
Yeah, I'll show you mine if you show me yours.
What, I don't have a rifle, I just have a magazine, what are you talking about?
No, yeah, it's awesome.
It's addicting shooting them, you don't wanna go back to anything else.
It's a masterful piece of machinery, it's a work of art, it's great stuff.
Hey, how obvious does it have to get with the 2 billion rounds of ammo, the veterans
getting letters for gun confiscation, the official Justice Department recommending confiscating
everything, the army training to take on gun owners, and the main company with these many
helicopters that are hundreds of thousands of dollars a piece, that the first time they
launched one in Houston, it crashed.
Just 400,000 bucks though, 200,000 Homeland Security, 200,000 of our money.
And the county's everywhere buying them with grenade launchers, shotgun mounts, and they're
just announcing war on us, and they'll just write more old ladies tickets to do it.
They're going completely nuts, I mean, and it's all happening.
Well, the thing that really gets under my skin, Alex, is that they sign up people to
join the military and say, well, we're gonna train you.
And part of the message is we're gonna train you to be a killer, we're gonna train you
to be aggressive, we're gonna train you to be a tactical-
You must not hesitate or you will be dead, Marine.
But then they say, then they twist it, the catch-22, they twist it and say, well, what
we trained you to be, well, that's a mental illness.
And so now we're gonna send you home and say you're mentally ill because you were trained
in the way-
And by the way, when we confirmed it, they're CPSing guys that have their legs and arms
blown off, the wife's working, they go, and you're mentally ill too, never in the military.
We're taking your kids, your guns, they are abusing them, and the cover story is that
the NFL and everywhere, we love the troops, we love the troops.
That's the cover that they hate them and are going after them.
Mental illness is the new medical fascism in America.
They can use mental illness to take away not only your gun rights, but also your First
Amendment rights.
What's to stop them from saying, if your diagnosis is mentally ill, you can't have a website,
you can't exercise your First Amendment or your Second Amendment, what's to say you don't
even have a Fifth Amendment?
Well, you know about in their new handbook, well, that's like school nurses and teachers
prescribing Prozac, Ritalin, those are the old drugs, the new drugs as well, with never
even a doctor's visit.
I mean, it's enough if you went to the fake psychiatrist and they did a diagnosis, it's
just totally fake.
Remember when Prozac and now other families of drugs do free mail outs of samples?
Oh, yeah.
It's a hallucinogen.
Yeah.
I mean, the thing that really gets me is that veterans, when they do a couple tours in war
and they come home, they're wiser.
They wise up to things.
They get informed.
They come home, they're smarter.
They know a little bit more about globalism and why the wars are really being fought and
what's going on.
They learn about the VA, how the VA hospitals just abuse or are negligent.
That's because the veterans are seen as evil demons that are dangerous.
Oh, right.
And that hates the vets.
Absolutely.
And then, of course, but the government says, oh, we all have to stand up and salute and
play the Star Spangled Banner.
Let's honor the vets.
That's their public thing.
And I agree.
Let's honor the vets.
But let's honor them after they come home.
Let's honor them with VA- But, Mike, don't you see?
It's the cover.
All the over the top troop this, troop that on every show, every company.
Yeah.
Even the companies themselves may actually be buying into it.
But the push to do this is the weird cover where the troops are being told they're loved
to get new people to join like it's the coolest thing in the world.
And then while they're actually abusing them, it doesn't fit with the script.
So even though vets are having their kids taken, drugged, attacked, their guns taken,
all this happening, it doesn't compute.
It's a smokescreen.
They're being exploited.
They're being used and then thrown out like an old doll or something.
They're just being used and thrown away and then stripped of their rights.
Now, the veterans are the people who should have the Second Amendment rights more than
anybody in America.
Why are you an extremist?
I mean, come on.
Vets shouldn't be able to own guns and the government loves us.
I think more vets need more of these right here, these 50 Cal Barrett.
Well, I mean, here's the deal.
They also sell an idea that no one can ever be killed.
There can never be accidents.
There can never be a problem.
The truth is the world's a violent, crazy place.
And anytime they say collectively a whole group's bad because statistically a few people
might do something wrong.
That is classical authoritarianism where somebody does something wrong in the town show everybody
has to go do forced labor.
Well, look, let me be clear.
I'm with the vets 100 percent.
And if it comes down to a shooting war in this country, which we hope never happens,
we want to avoid that.
The government wants it.
The government wants it.
But can you imagine the gun grabbing liberals versus the armed veterans?
Who's going to win that fight?
I'm with the vets, man.
Well, our problem is they're going to pull psy up that they're going to kill innocent
people.
They're going to attack large concentrations of children and then have a computer morph
of patriots saying, you know, Mike Adams or Alex Jones killed the children.
And folks need to know that's not real.
That'll never happen.
You got to know the government's evil.
They're far and run.
Anything they put out's a lie.
They're the enemy.
But none of it.
It's pure BS.
It's like Tokyo Rose saying that Japan had won the war, even as atomic bombs were being
detonated.
OK, it's pure bull.
Yeah.
And I wouldn't be surprised if I were to digitize your face and your voice and they've got it
ready to go like messages from Alex Jones that are completely fabricated.
Of course, you know, CG, you know, Hollywood graphics at your service right there.
They can look.
We know they're the enemy.
It's done.
No matter what they do, it's pure bull, folks.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Well, what do you think about the Dorner situation?
I mean, they say burn that mother down, burn that effort down, burn down the house.
OK, we're placing the burners.
We have fire.
It's burned down.
Mission complete.
Well, we're doing a parody video on that with Billy Joel song.
We didn't start the fire with being sung by the LAPD.
It'll be out this week.
We didn't start the fire.
It's been burned.
And it's also Bill Clinton singing that over Waco.
And it's got.
We didn't start the fire.
That's it.
It's been burned.
And since the world was turning.
Yep.
So we've got we're doing a parody on that because, you know, the globalists hate to
be made fun of.
That's that's the one thing.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We have drones.
We have troops.
We have black uniforms.
Yeah.
Your black uniform doesn't scare me.
It makes me want to stomp your butt.
Yeah.
It's scary what they think they can get away with.
I just talked about it yesterday about the armed raids of raw milk.
Raw milk producers.
You know, James Stewart's been a guest here on your show.
That doesn't happen in China.
That doesn't happen in North Korea, doesn't happen in Cuba.
They don't they don't take guns to farmers and say, give us your raw milk or force them
to pour it down the drain.
Only in America is the government using these assault weapons, true full auto assault rifles
like the DHS has just bought 7000 more to go against food and nutrition and to act like
it's all evil.
It's all dress up.
Well, it's all behaving as if we did a year and a half sting of the Amish who were publicly
selling milk to their neighbors that begged who were a fake family.
No, that they did that to act like it was something dirty for the moron jury.
Well, no, James Stewart was was distributing raw milk, mostly to mothers who couldn't breastfeed.
And they were they were feeding the raw milk to their babies.
So evil.
When they came in and took that food and destroyed it over $50,000, those babies went hungry
that day.
Good.
They need shots.
Babies don't need food.
They need mercury shots.
And he's still facing sentencing, by the way, in L.A. County, I believe, you know, it's
not over for James Stewart.
I mean, that that that guy is the unsung hero of the food freedom movement, and no one will
I think is I think is I think his organs should be harvested.
Well, they practically tried to do that to him in L.A.
No, I mean, I say execute him in his entire.
I mean, I think I think the government's God.
I think you're a sick person that that well, that that kind of approach may be coming soon
from I love Stalin.
Yeah, well, give him one of these.
Hey, hey, have you heard the media Hitler and Stalin and Mao didn't take any guns?
Have you heard that?
They're now saying we're liars and Google has gained the search results.
I am aware that there is an attempt at a truly a hypnotic amnesia being put cast like a spell
on the people.
I'm not joking.
This is about satire.
There is hypnosis.
No, no, no.
They're worried that we'll go wait.
They took the guns before.
And this happens.
Yeah.
And so they're going into Alex.
There's actually saying Alex lied to you on Piers Morgan, Hitler, Stalin and Mao did not
take the guns.
Right, right.
Well, there is no greater hypnotist in politics today than Obama.
He's a hypnotic speaker, better than Clinton ever was.
And Clinton was a brilliant how dare you answer.
But Obama is even better, a better master of neurolinguistic programming and hypnotic
language.
That why I love him?
It must be.
It must be.
I love Obama.
Why are you hurting him?
You know, when I've taken the Obama callers, sometimes they call in desperate going, you're
horrible liar.
Why are you doing this?
Don't you talk about it.
And they're real people.
We've put them on hold.
Is this a joke?
And they're like, no, you devil.
No, you devil.
I actually believe it.
He's like raping the poor, just just annihilating them.
Then when is the apology coming to you?
Because you warned about the drones and they called you a kook for saying they're gonna
be drones in the sky.
Now it's it's it's now they're like death panels are good, right?
What about the NDAA?
You warned about the NDAA.
It wasn't hard.
Obama played possum.
He signed it on what?
New Year's Eve, right?
When no one was.
Maybe he didn't sign it.
Let's just say he didn't.
Well, he robo signed it.
Government.
Oh, government.
Look, government loves me.
Did you hear about how Gibbs came out and said we were told to just say drones don't
exist?
Yeah, right.
Don't exist.
Right, right.
I mean, that's everything you've talked about right here at it for.
But it shows how it's meant to be over the top where you're just standing there.
Things are so insane today in terms of reality manipulation.
I think, you know, I like the fact that you've talked to David Icke recently because David
talks about the reality shaping and, you know, multidimensional, you know, people moving
in and out of realities.
I don't know if that's literal or metaphorical, but reality is being twisted by people like
Gibbs, people like Obama, people like Clinton.
Well, that's what that's what Karl Rove said.
He said we control reality and we'll change it tomorrow and you will do what we do as
we're told.
And the media said, yes, sir.
We'll be right back with Mike Adams.
Your freedoms are on the line.
The Second Amendment is in danger.
How soon before your freedoms are taken away?
What can you not live without?
What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns?
Is it your home?
No, it's food.
It all boils down to the food supply.
Tyrannical governments control people by controlling their food supply.
Don't be dependent.
Be self-sufficient.
Don't wait for the government to feed you.
Feed yourself.
I can warn you, but I can't feed you.
Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from eFoods Direct.
It's the best long-term, storable food on the planet.
Get the popular Mega Patriot Pack free, a 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot
and fuel.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot Packs
free with purchase.
Build your food supply.
Be in control.
Be self-sufficient.
And be a patriot.
Call 800-409-5633 or eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get your free Patriot Pack today.
We've lived in this neighborhood for years.
We have an alarm system and all of our doors have deadbolts.
They kicked in our door and were in and out of our house in about five minutes.
The police arrived in about 20 minutes, but they were long gone with our TV, jewelry and
my guns.
I kept thinking, what if my family had been home?
The police officer said that more than 85% of break-ins are through a door and that deadbolts
alone don't stop intruders.
The officer told me to go to EasyArmor.net if we wanted something that would actually
stop an intruder.
Easy Armor reinforces all of the weak points on your doors and is guaranteed to prevent
kick-ins.
I was surprised at how little Easy Armor costs and I installed Easy Armor in about 30 minutes.
Visit EasyArmor.net, that's the letters E-Z-A-R-M-O-R.net or call 888-58-ARMOR.
That's 888-582-7667, EasyArmor.net, ultimate door security made easy.
HempUSA.org has a revolutionary wonder food for detoxing the body and rebuilding the immune
system.
Micro plant powder can help unclog arteries and soften heart valves while removing heavy
metals, virus, fungus, bacteria and parasites.
Plus it cleans and purifies the blood, lungs, stomach and colon.
Keep your body clean with micro plant powder.
Visit us at HempUSA.org or call 908-691-2608 today.
Hi, this is Ted Anderson.
Have you ever wondered why banks, stock workers, investment advisors won't talk about gold
IRAs?
They've been available since 1986, yet the financial industry won't recognize the value
of gold for your retirement.
Gold is outperformed paper investments, yet no word about IRAs.
If you would like to have gold for your retirement, call 800-686-2237.
Don't get left behind by rising inflation and low returns, call 800-686-2237.
Secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
It's an MRE smorgasbord at longlifefood.com.
In 1983, Long Life Food Depot was one of the first to sell MRE pouches to the public and
were still selling them almost 30 years later.
Today Long Life Food Depot has the world's most complete MRE online buffet because MREs
are all we do.
Tasty varieties of chicken, beef, salmon and pasta entrees plus sandwiches and our easy
to use pouches.
Full moisture, long shelf life and ready to eat hot or cold.
We sell by the pouch or case so the choices are endless and so are the graduated quantity
discounts.
The more you buy, the more you save.
Call 800-601-2833 or go to longlifefood.com to join our email list for upcoming announcements
like the roll away food pod plus enjoy fast and free shipping.
Just call 800-601-2833 or visit longlifefood.com.
Emergency preparedness, emergency relief, longlifefood.com since 1983, sending real
food to your real future.
Well I tell you ladies and gentlemen, we got Mike Adams here with us.
Your calls are coming up.
All right Mike, you came in here to get into some really big breaking health news that
is so important but first off, tell the TV viewers but describe it for radio listeners
about Obama Bites made in China.
What is this and go over the ingredients.
Did you come up with this?
Yeah, you know, I always like to bring a little bit of satire with me in the studio but so
we have a new nutritional product formulated by Obama called Obama Bites daily chewable
multivitamin and it's got all sorts of trace minerals in it that you can see here including
obamnesium.
You know a lot of supplements have magnesium and zinc but this has obamnesium which causes
you to forget history all the way back to 1776.
So you forget American history.
This mineral is really powerful, squeezium, that helps the TSA do its job better, squeezium.
That's a nice trace mineral there.
We've got hypnolium, dystopian and even fukushemium for extra energy for your cells and culture
agrees with that.
Yeah, she does.
No, she should take this.
Take some Obama Bites.
She said the Japanese should be thankful for their children dying of radiation.
Yes, we've got radon in here.
That's useful for raw milk because the government conducts a raid on raw milk.
Well, plus they mine the stuff for the fluoride out of the uranium mine so it actually has
radon and stuff in it.
Yes, it does.
Yes, and this is of course made in China and it's probably all GMO but it's not listed
on the label.
No, all I care about is that it not be organic.
Obviously GMO is what you need.
Apparently, but anyway, I'll leave that here for the studio in case you guys want to have
fun.
And the great part about it is there's too many people so it'll, what reduces your life
you were saying like at least 30, 40 years.
Oh yeah, and plus we've got the finestinium mineral in here so that you live under tyranny.
Actually that was a government experimental mineral that was used to see if they could
turn a female gargoyle into a US senator and they were successful.
Man, that stuff's incredible.
Am I going overboard here with this?
No, I think this is awesome.
I mean, I'm realizing, can you have like Obama bites plus letter that has like stalinizium?
Yeah, that's a great idea.
Sure, we can have version two, version three, you name it.
This will probably be USDA approved for the school lunch program.
Well, radiating it, spraying live viruses on it is, and of course, a lot of soft drinks
have fire retardant in it that causes liver cancer.
You can't use the word retardant.
That's not politically correct.
Oh, I'm sorry.
No, it has to be fire impaired, I think is the-
Or fire resistant.
Fire resistant.
There we go.
We've got to watch our language here on your show.
I'm sorry, I didn't know I was a racist.
See I just showed that it's there.
Well apparently, you are lacking hypnolium, which is in this formula.
You need more hypnolium.
That helps you watch CNN and believe it.
Instead of it being a really scary comedy.
A green screen.
Horror comedy.
CNN actually is like horror comedy.
Oh, Zero Dark Thirty didn't win an Academy Award.
It should have for best fiction.
Best fiction screenplay.
Of course.
But anyway, speaking of fiction, we have the actual real news that I came here to break
with you today.
Yeah, we're going to break in three minutes.
So give us a preview of what's coming up.
Well, so we've uncovered a couple of big things happening.
Number one, there's two stories I'm bringing here today.
Number one is the FDA is being petitioned by the dairy industry to be able to change
the definition of milk to include aspartame that's not listed on the label.
That's almost as good as turning a gargoyle into a female senator.
We were talking about the break, we are starting to go crazy.
Stuff's getting so weird.
Well, what can you do?
You got to laugh at it.
You got to make fun of it.
I'm sorry.
Go ahead.
This story was-
All the dead kids isn't funny, though.
I forgot.
This was written up.
I think activist posts first found this.
We wrote it and just published it a couple hours ago also, giving them credit.
But the petition is real.
The dairy industry wants to put aspartame in eggnog, yogurt, milk, cream, half and half,
all of that without listing it on the label.
Hidden.
It's called an additive to change the identity of milk.
I think that's a great idea, because I don't want to eat it and die of brain cancer.
And all these big studies are coming out.
CBS News had to admit last week that it is killing people, giving them type 2 diabetes.
That's reasonable.
Just like California supposedly voted down not knowing if something's GMO.
I think that's reasonable.
Well, I don't want to know if something's unreasonable.
I mean, I get a violent headache and then a migraine if I eat MSG, and they're able
to hide that name.
I think that's reasonable.
You know, I'm violently allergic to it, and I shouldn't be able to know.
And they argue that this is for the children.
Of course it is.
It's for the children.
So they want the aspect- Well, you saw Michelle Obama on the Academy
Awards.
Yeah.
I mean, she cares about the kids.
I didn't watch that, but I heard- It's all about the calories, not about what
you're eating.
So I guess if cyanide, say, it's low calorie- Well, mercury's low calorie.
You never eat again.
You die.
You have mercury in the milk, like metal milk, liquid metal.
Long as it's low calorie.
There's hardly any calories in mercury.
We should add it to Obama bites, man.
Well, no.
The Journal of Pediatrics actually says- Mercury's good for you.
Have you heard they want to put kids on serotonin reuptake inhibitors ahead of the vaccine?
They say it makes the vaccine better?
It's more effective, yeah.
Doubles the potency.
By the way, we're not joking.
We've now reached total cuckoo land.
We're on the march.
Stay there.
The empire's on the run.
Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Introducing Pro One, all of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go.
No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolicic
acid.
Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one
filter element.
It is the only one that does it, and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off
with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolicic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro Pure with the new Pro One filters today at infowarskstore.com or by calling
888-253-3139.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now.
Or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
A little over a year ago, I began to do a lot of research into why, even if I had a
pretty good sized meal, that I was still starving.
And my research led me to a well known fact that most of the soils that we grow our crops
on here in the United States and across the industrialized world are almost completely
depleted of almost all of the key minerals and trace elements that our bodies need to
rebuild themselves, fight off cancer, and be healthy.
I then searched out the best vitamin and mineral company out there and discovered Young Jevity.
The Young Jevity products are designed to give you the real nutrition you need and once
you've got that, you don't have to eat as much to be satisfied.
I've lost 37 pounds in two months simply getting the vitamins and minerals I need.
Check it out for yourself.
It's incredible.
Go to Infowarsteam.com today and order your first canister of Beyond Tangy Tangerine Complete
Multivitamin Mineral Complex Dietary Supplement.
That's Infowarsteam.com.
From the front lines of the information war, it's Alex Jones.
All right, I promise, I know you're holding, have your questions ready and we'll get to
you.
For everybody holding, I'm your host, Alex Jones.
Mike Adams is here.
Mike, we always have fun behind the scenes and people are seeing that here.
But some of what we're saying was joking.
We weren't joking about, last week they were saying, we want kids to take psychotropics
because they help the vaccine work better.
Doesn't matter.
That doesn't make sense.
Or the Journal of Pediatrics says mercury is actually good for your child's brain.
And I can play that news clip.
Again, there's several psychological tactics here, but on record, they do it to just totally
freak people out where the normalcy bias is so wild.
The government could be barbecuing children in front of you and it would be normal.
That's what the military drills are about.
They admit is to acclimate us because this system is run by scientific psychiatrists.
And the truth is, though, they're a bunch of crazy people.
And they came from domesticated megacities, most of them.
That's their blind spot is that most of these technocrats themselves are completely insane
and can hardly wipe their own noses.
They are insane.
If you took a classically trained doctor from just one generation ago, let's say somebody
who went through med school in the 1970s or even the 1960s.
And they could fast forward to today and look at this, they would think society is insane.
They know you don't give vaccines to pregnant women.
They know you don't dose up infants on psychiatric drugs.
They know that infants shouldn't drink fluoroelastic acid, fluoride.
So even the medical truth, the conventional scientific truth of medicine has been so contorted
into an agenda of mass poisoning.
The insane now call us insane.
Absolutely, yeah.
And the thing is, insane people always eventually self-destruct.
So this insane system of medicine, the insane system of politics, the insane system of tyranny,
of malnutrition, all of these things are going to implode.
We've just got to survive it.
That's exactly it.
And economics and finance, of course, another insane system, derivatives.
So the name of the game here for us and all of our listeners out there is to survive it
to simply, survival is victory.
For the next 50 years, survival is victory.
If you live through it, then you're- That's what I've always said.
People think if your kids grow up and have kids, you had victory.
Survival is victory.
That's exactly it.
Resistance is victory.
Yeah, right.
Resistance is victory.
Simply just being there.
And this is why it's so crucial for people to get out of the cities but then to get into
nutrition and grow as much of their own food as they can, supplement what they can't grow.
Because nutrition for patriots is a very powerful and very important concept.
It is patriots who need to survive, who need to have the physical stamina, who need to
have the sensitivity of vision at night.
We will inherit the earth.
Because we're the ones who are healthy and sane.
That's it.
The insane people in Washington, who by the way, have never plowed a field, never milked
a cow, nothing.
They think they know what the real world is when they live in their palaces that are completely
artificial.
And by the way, you're running news companies, health companies, all of this while milking
goats and cows and chickens and getting to be an expert shot at 1,000 yards with a barret.
Well, the milking season for my goats is over right now, so I'm not milking the goats anymore.
But I did.
I did milk the goats for many, many months and drank raw goats milk.
And for some reason, the government didn't come raid me at that point.
That is so extreme.
Whoa.
Yeah.
Guys, did you hit the delay just now, the profanity?
Okay, you got it, okay.
But yeah, my most expensive vehicle is a John Deere tractor, for real.
It really is.
You've got a tractor?
That's a terrorist right there.
Yeah, when you hook up a big 15 foot shredder to the back of it, it is kind of a terror
weapon.
It can really knock some things around.
But yeah, when I'm not working, when I'm not writing content, I'm on my farm.
That's what I do.
That's what I would rather do, frankly.
That's another point.
We can make our own armored vehicles pretty quick.
Actually we could.
What I like to do is I like to go buy the 1970 models, the 70 through 79 John Deere
tractors.
Many of them were actually made just solid iron, well, not solid, but a lot of steel
and iron in them, very little plastic and no circuits.
So when you have an EMP attack from, let's say, North Korea, that's in the news right
now, when all the electronics are flying- It'll be the globalists that do it, yeah,
and blame them.
Still use your tractor.
And if you store some fuel and you have a 1975 John Deere, you can still farm.
And then if things get bad, you just weld a steel cage around it and you're ready for
road war.
You are, yeah.
Or you just park that sucker out your driveway as a barrier, or weld apparatus onto it, put
yourself a gun port on that sucker, you have a John Deere 50 cal vehicle.
Well, here's the deal.
The globalists are arming against us.
They're acting like we don't know.
And the public's just running around grabbing weapons saying we know they're evil.
I mean, do they have any idea what they've done, these dumb little commies?
No, no, and also, I think liberals and gun grabbers, they think that someone can just
pick up a firearm and immediately know how to use it.
They think they'll be able to do it.
I've seen them on the White House petition dreaming about their new federal militia and
how they're gonna hunt us down.
Right, so funny, really funny.
The first time they get a jam, the war's over, because the veterans and the patriots know
how to tap and rack, reload, clear a jam, do all this kind of stuff, and they also know
how to shoot at long range.
I mean, a typical 50 cal Barrett- Well, no, they plan to sit in command centers
and have drones go out and get us, but sorry, they don't have their robot army ready yet.
No, so they're not gonna be nearly as effective as they think they are.
They also think that a nine millimeter handgun will blow you physically across the room and
out the window, cuz that's what they see in their movies.
They don't realize that's a very weak round.
Well, they do that to scare people from getting into guns.
Well, exactly, exactly.
So veterans and patriots with rifles, they are the backbone of America.
And I know maybe didn't mean for us to slip back into this topic, but that is the backbone
of America, and that's what's gonna restore- Absolutely, hit the health news, hit the health
news.
All right, all right, so here we go.
Some big breaking news on organics out of China.
Now organic is still the best thing going.
You want organic over conventional food for sure, but here's a big aha that most people
don't realize.
USDA organic standards do not limit the amount of contamination of organic foods.
Organic can have, depending on where it's grown, it can have high levels of mercury,
cadmium, arsenic, lead, even aluminum, pesticides, and so on.
Organic does not test for contamination levels.
Organic is a certification of how something is grown, not the result that comes out of
the farm.
If you have China growing foods now being certified organic and imported into the US
and sold in the USA, you gotta start thinking about how clean is that food really, even
though it's organic.
China, 90% of the water supply serving the cities is severely contaminated.
I have an article now about cancer villages.
Cancer villages, now admitted by the Chinese government because it's so toxic to live there.
That sounds liberal.
40% of the rivers are severely contaminated.
Some of the rivers you can light on fire, and you've got so much petrol.
And the river flows by the Al Gore controlled factories with the suicide nets.
Probably.
But that's liberal.
Well, of course.
I'm sure those factories discharge toxic waste directly into the river.
But that's liberal.
Well, right.
I mean, Obama's got a peace price.
But what's happening, Alex, is that organic farmers in the US are being put out of business.
Jobs, agricultural jobs are shifting to China because China does not enforce any environmental
regulations.
No, that's the plan.
You put rules here where we can't operate, then shift there, and then label toxic waste
organic.
Yes.
Yes.
And then if you don't like toxic waste, you're racist.
So the key to people is check the country of origin.
Organic grown in the USA is clean.
Organic grown in Canada is clean.
That's racist.
I'm serious.
Go ahead.
Here, have some Obama bites.
Organic grown in Europe is clean.
Organic grown in China is questionable.
And we did some lab tests, and we found that levels of certain metals of so-called organic
superfoods coming out of China was 10 times higher than the levels of the same superfood
grown in Taiwan.
And you don't normally think of Taiwan as a super pristine place, but compared to China,
it's a lot cleaner.
So you've got to start asking yourself, where does your organic food come from?
And if you want to support America and you want to support American farmers, it's important
to start buying organic food that's made in China.
And by the way, you're just amazing, Mike.
I've got to say it.
With all the stuff you're doing, you have articles at actualnews.com.
You're not just saying this, where you have the labs and the tests and what you did.
I mean, you're doing this kind of stuff every day.
I'm just trying to keep up with info wars, frankly.
You guys are really heading this- It makes me feel good to know there's people
like you out there, buddy.
I tell you, the more the merrier.
It's very exciting.
My thing is, I'm a whistleblower, okay?
I'm an investigative journalist whistleblower.
I like to have a little fun with Obama Bites multivitamins.
Don't give them ideas.
They'll put out cyanide bills and say, the children have now flown to their Lord.
Obama is Christ.
Take the cyanide, children.
We set up our store several months ago, and we started sourcing ingredients.
I was shocked to find what was in this stuff.
For example, fruit powders coming from China that are conventionally grown.
Did you know that nearly all of them are contaminated with genetically modified corn maltodextrin?
And it's not listed on the label, and it doesn't have to be listed.
So you're buying, let's say, a pomegranate powder that's imported from China, looks really
cheap on Amazon.com or eBay.
That might be up to 30% GMO maltodextrin that's not even-
So the big news is, don't eat food from China.
It's a no brainer.
I think there are probably exceptions.
Goji berries from China are pretty clean.
There are probably other exceptions, but we need to question organics from China and regular
food.
Well, look, the globalists have totally destroyed the poor Chinese people.
They have set up their global factory to leverage everybody else out while setting regulations
to make everything go there.
It's a consolidation operation.
Well, yeah.
I mean, and also people think about buying food from China.
They don't think about, wow, that's a communist regime that militarily-
Well, you saw the articles where they have secret greenhouses for the elite.
Right.
Because things are so toxic, they grow the food taxpayer paid for for themselves.
Guys type in Chinese elite eat different food than public.
That's the solution long term.
The reason for us here in the US is to grow in greenhouses.
You're not getting the fallout from chemtrails.
You're not getting the fallout from the China pollution that is exported out of China through
the trade winds and actually dumps on the Midwest.
So today, if you're growing food outdoors, you are getting some level of contamination
that you can avoid.
But you've seen like in Oklahoma and places, they're saying, we don't want you to have
a garden in your backyard.
You might grow marijuana.
No, no, no.
I mean, what a free country.
Oh, yeah.
You're a prisoner.
You don't grow a garden scum.
So I think it's bad to have it in the greenhouse.
It could be illegal.
Well, and especially- Thank God the drones don't have-
Or grow lights or grow pumps, circulating water.
That's going to show up on your smart meter electric bill.
The smart meter knows you're using grow lights and they're going to say that might be marijuana.
Well, they admit that.
Yeah.
No, that's admitted.
No, I know people in Austin, in fact, one group was going to, this is a long time ago,
going to UT to get her botany degree, as much as my buddy's girlfriend.
They didn't even smoke pot, like sports addict folks.
And they SWAT teamed them and broke all their stuff and got in their face and handcuffed
them on the ground.
Wow.
Because they had a, I can't remember, it was like a plumber or something.
And they saw grow lights back there and orchids, like, oh my gosh, that plant looks like marijuana.
So you get a SWAT team and all she's trying to do is grow the orchid.
Well, I mean, no, because if you don't get plants growing at your house in America, apparently,
apparently it's, I mean, now even a Buckeye sticker, you're going to get pulled over.
But growing your own food is an act of resistance.
You know, organic farming, local farming is an act of resistance against the system.
And Alex, an exciting technology to check out, and we're going to be researching this.
We're actually going to set this up.
It's called aquaculture.
You produce vegetables and fish at the same time and they share the same water.
Self-contained.
The emulsion grows the plants, the plant byproducts feed the fish and it's all done indoors.
You get high quality, super clean protein and vegetables.
Sounds terrorist.
Sounds terrorist.
Well, but that I think growth, greenhouses that grow this could be key to resisting the
death agenda that's out there right now.
And what they want to secretly put in the milk and secretly put into the cows and the
cow feed.
Yeah, yeah.
Because you covered that earlier.
I saw that in the news.
They want you now to put aspartame in the milk and not tell you.
Right, right.
They want you to drink.
They want to change the definition of milk.
To say milk can now include- Well, they're putting aspartame in everything and they know
it kills the pancreas, cancer, and it's now admitted and they're killing us, but they're
good people.
Well, it's like Melissa Melton did a piece on aspartame in chewing gum.
But at least in chewing gum, it's listed on the label.
But this petition, if the FDA approves this, aspartame would be in milk that you don't
even know is in there.
Your only choice to avoid aspartame would be to stop buying all milk and yogurt and
cream products.
That's your only option.
And see, the reason they want it is it's addicting.
It's an excitotoxin.
It's a neurotoxin.
Exactly.
It's an excitoneurotoxin, and we have Dr. Blalock on, that's poisonous.
That's in the medical literature.
Yeah.
So it's an addictive speed and they're killing us.
And then everyone's going to go, well, we got diabetes, well, we got breast cancer,
and then go to the very medical system that's killing you.
But it also potentiates the toxicity of vaccines.
So if you look at the mercury, the aluminum, the MSG, and the formaldehyde that is admittedly
in vaccines, CDC admits that, we documented it at National News.
If you combine that then with aspartame and excitotoxins that are secretly put into milk,
you have a multiplication effect of basically lobotomy, which is what the system wants.
They want you to be so lobotomized- No, no, that's why a lot of the public can't
talk hardly.
No.
They can just go, cowboys.
And they can't think.
They can't- 49ers.
They can't watch.
Obama cutting our taxes.
Obama give me phone.
What?
Government good.
Government, love government.
Oh, that was a good zombie piece.
I think John Baum gets the Oscar award for the best-
Maybe Dan Badande.
Yeah.
On that piece.
But yeah, they want people to be able to look at their paycheck and have the deduction for
Obamacare and think, oh, that's not a deduction, that's a bonus.
That's the way they want people so twisted.
That's a bonus.
And then they take money, though, out of your check on top of it.
Well, yeah.
Yeah, but you're not supposed to be able to do math.
This is a thing.
Getting back to sniper rifles, being a good sniper requires you to do a lot of math.
You got to calculate a lot of things.
The wind, the Coriolis.
And drift, the ballistics, the dope chart of that specific cartridge, everything.
If you can't do math, you can't be a good sniper, period.
It won't matter soon, it's all going to be robots.
But my point is, this is why-
And by the way, a robot doesn't look like what you think it is.
It's a Humvee that drives up with a 50 mounted where the robot is just a computer in there
running the whole thing.
Yeah.
Sorry, go ahead.
Right.
No, it can have any physical appearance whatsoever.
Well, my point is that if we, the people who believe in the Constitution and the Bill of
Rights, if we take care of our health, and Ben Fuchs is a great guest that you have on
who agrees with all this.
If we take care of our health, we're going to have the clarity of mind to achieve victory
no matter what comes our way.
So that's the optimistic look at all this.
Well, victory is what you said.
And the journey of 1,000 miles starts with a single step.
It starts with really realizing this is a scientific takeover using our energy to build
a self-replicating robotic technocracy to make humans obsolete.
And they're selling us on us being obsolete and that we're scum right now and a self-fulfilling
prophecy.
So we stand down and invert our life force system, invert our survival instinct into
a destructive instinct.
We have to just simply flip it back the direction it's supposed to go.
We're designed to do that and pull out at every level with hatred.
And I say that with love for our families, it's more than hatred, directed total commitment
against the enemy.
And folks are saying, well, how do I do that?
Realize they're attacking you.
I mean, this is serious business, folks, they're killing kids everywhere.
I mean, you go to the cemetery now every weekend, they're burying little kids down the street
from here.
I mean, they're murdering little children begging for mommy at age three as they die
of cancer.
They're murdering us, murdering filth.
The cancer industry gives you poison and calls it a treatment for cancer.
And the number one side effect of chemotherapy is cancer.
I mean, it's insane.
It's as insane as treating sickness with mercury that they did 100 years ago.
Well, the point is, in the average doctor's compartmentalized, they are attacking us on
every level.
Every level.
Biochemical.
Well, humans have always been predators, so we've set up a system where it's a predatory
system on humans.
Your freedoms are on the line.
The Second Amendment is in danger.
How soon before your freedoms are taken away?
What can you not live without?
What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns?
Is it your home?
No.
It's food.
It all boils down to the food supply.
Tyrannical governments control people by controlling their food supply.
Don't be dependent.
Be self-sufficient.
Don't wait for the government to feed you.
Feed yourself.
I can warn you, but I can't feed you.
Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from eFoods Direct.
It's the best long-term, storable food on the planet.
Get the popular Mega Patriot Pack free.
A 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot, and fuel.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot Packs
free with purchase.
Build your food supply, be in control, be self-sufficient, and be a patriot.
Call 800-409-5633 or eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get your free Patriot Pack today.
Don't throw away leftovers.
Instead, throw all your leftovers, vegetable peels, eggshells, coffee grounds, pizza crusts,
and more into the Bokashi.
If you love to garden and compost but don't like the hassle of turning a compost bin or
the smell, then check out the EM Bokashi Food Waste Recycling System from Taraganics.
Finally, a way to recycle all your food and plant waste safely and effectively and stop
using fertilizers.
The EM Bokashi Food Waste Recycling System.
Rather than decomposition, the Bokashi system uses fermentation to break down waste so it
takes less time to create nutrient-dense humus for crops or gardens with no turning and no
obnoxious odors.
To learn more and order your Bokashi online, visit Taraganics.com and click on the orange
button.
That's Taraganics.com spelled T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X dot com or call 866-369-3678.
That's 866-369-3678.
Recycle all your food wastes in about six weeks with the Bokashi Food Waste Recycling
System from Taraganics.com.
Taraganics.
Life's getting better.
We travel so much and having a fake TV, well, it gives added peace of mind.
Burglars look for houses that appear to be easy targets, but fake TV can fool even professional
burglars into thinking someone is home watching television.
As a recent widow living alone, it gives me great peace of mind to set my fake TV near
a window and know that passing motorists and pedestrians will think someone is home watching
TV when I'm actually away from home.
Fake TV easily plugs into any outlet, just like a light on a timer.
And they're so easy to use, you just plug them in and they're ready to go.
Plus, they're so affordable that we have one upstairs and downstairs.
Fake TV is only $34.95.
Order your fake TV by calling 877-5FAKETV or go to FAKETV.com.
That's 877-532-5388 or FAKETV.com.
Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
By the way, Mike Adams was late getting here today because they shut down some of the highways.
The wind was so high.
And I noticed that driving into work this morning, my truck was blowing all over the
highway and I guess it got a lot faster.
Yeah, the wind gusts were quite severe and the cops are real busy right now all around
Austin.
There's a lot going on out there.
I guess the highways got shut down from wrecks.
Oh yeah, right, right.
Or signs or power lines getting blown onto the highway or something.
I don't know what it was.
But yeah, I barely made it here today, which I'm usually 30 minutes early.
Oh, we're not bringing up the fact that you're late, brother.
It's nothing.
We're jamming a few calls.
You got the most of it.
You're going to be in here Friday on the broadcast.
I'll be working as well, but not on air.
Probably be jumping in here interrupting.
Probably just jump on in, man.
Only show that can interrupt myself now.
It's fun to have a dialogue with you, actually.
Let's talk to, yeah.
That's what happens when we hang out.
Let's talk to Tim in Arizona.
Let's talk about the Fed.
Go ahead, extremist.
Hi, Alex.
Hi, Mike.
Hey.
It's an honor talking with both of you guys.
I'm a little bit nervous, first time caller and also first time evil gun owner.
Well, you need Obama bites.
Feinsteinium would help you be able to lie to people better and, and, and, and be cold
blooded reptile.
Sorry.
I'm also a prison plan member, and I've been taking the beyond tangy tangerine and actually
used it for my first full Ironman triathlon member, did the full thing without having
to walk.
And I think that that those vitamins are just great.
And also last month I had to interact with a guy who had the flu and I knew that if I
took enough of those vitamins, I would be okay and actually health.com and buying them
there also supports us.
So thank you, brother.
What's your point on the Fed?
Okay.
I had to take a, I took a class when I was in college on the federal reserve and I was
one of three people in the class who was not on this federal reserve challenge team, but
we ended up winning the national competition against all the Harvard, Yale, MITs, et cetera.
And the motto of our class actually was in Fed we trust as disgusting as that sounds,
but never once in that class that they mentioned that the federal reserve gets a 6% dividend.
And this, and so I'm thinking, you know, if I took an entire class on the federal reserve
in college, you know, with a finance major, have all my stockbrokers licenses, you know,
how did I not even know that?
And because I had a guy tell me it was private, I thought he was full of crap.
I set out to prove him wrong.
Well, I mean, technically it's a quasi governmental power cause it has government power, but it's
private shareholders of private banks that form a holding company.
So behind it is private groups and it is technically private.
Yes.
Yeah.
And my question is I know that you had a long time ago, you had Walter Burian on to talk
about the comprehensive annual financial reports.
And I was wondering just how, what that would look like if you were ever to have him on
again.
I need to do that.
About 80%, they've been doing this since the fifties, about 80% of government taxes, county,
city, doesn't matter, are put in offshore slush funds.
So when you hear about budgets, it's around 20% now, all the money they're spending, oh,
we're over budgeting to raise taxes again, it's all a total scam.
And the gas taxes that goes offshore, most of it.
They're talking about shutting all the parks down in Texas, the state parks, and it turns
out the entire 150 plus million dollars, takes about 45 million to run it, the $150 million
that they get from sporting goods sales, it's all just taken and given away to offshore
banks.
Go ahead, Mike.
California is probably the worst example of this.
There's so many slush funds there.
We investigated it and did a story on that as well.
But it's true that people in positions of government, whether it's state or federal,
they see that their hand is in the cookie jar.
They have an opportunity- No, they invest the government money in companies
their wife works at.
There we go.
And you never see.
Feinsteinium.
Feinsteinium.
Good example.
Right there, insider trading is routine.
Everywhere.
And they know we're waking up, so they're creating huge brigades of police with automatic
weapons and drones, training with targets of our families to kill us.
7,000 rifles, DHS just bought them, assault rifles, full auto, and they call them personal
defense weapons.
Criminal government, mafia government that has stolen everything, and now wants you dead.
They've stolen the whole planet.
Now they say it's their planet.
They're going to kill us.
Here comes the drones.
Have some aspartame milk for breakfast, and some aspartame yogurt.
You won't even know what's in there.
How could it hurt you?
You don't even know who you are by the time they're done with it.
You won't worry about aspartame anymore when you're six feet under.
More calls coming up.
Eat your aspartame.
Thank you for listening to GCN.
Visit GCNlive.com today.
It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, moles, and fungus can inflict severe
damage in the human body.
Fortunately, a new and vastly improved silver solution has been developed.
Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary, broad spectrum, antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal
solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin.
Supernatural Silver is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers using a patented
technology that is highly effective against colds, flus, infections, food poisoning, and
yeast in addition to many other pathogens.
Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe, and is the number one choice
of thousands of people for immune system support.
Find out how Supernatural Silver could change your life.
Go to SupernaturalSilver.com and use the promo code Healthy for 20% off.
That's SupernaturalSilver.com and like us on Facebook.
Coast to Coast, direct from Austin.
You know, I like to read the comments at Infowars.com.
He was saying, Alex, why aren't you covering the fact that a federal court says concealed
gun permits not protected by the Second Amendment?
You guys punched this up for me.
Thanks.
Al Weldon, go ahead and bring that on in here real quick.
We're going to do a little bit more overdrive.
Can you go to 20 after an overdrive?
Yeah, you bet.
Because I want to be able to take these calls.
Come on in here, Weldon.
Thank you, brother.
Oh, look.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Look, your gun happened to be here.
Bring it on in here.
Here it is.
Mike, thanks for bringing it by.
Here we go.
Here, go ahead and pull that down for me, Weldon.
Thanks.
It's like having babies.
There was a black one in here now.
Now there's a tan one.
Put it on up here.
Yeah.
All right.
What on earth is going on here?
Whose is this, by the way?
I don't know.
It's funny.
Must have dropped it out of the sky, huh?
And look, it's a perfect fit.
Look at this.
What's going on here?
I don't know.
Diane Feinstein actually likes this.
She just doesn't want you to have one.
Hey, don't forget to put that pin right here.
Right there.
Oh, yeah.
We got it back there.
Okay.
You don't want to fire without that pin.
No, don't worry.
We're not firing it in the office.
No, I hear you.
Halfway across Austin.
Absolutely.
Raw.
Look at that sight.
Oh, yeah.
That's a heavy beast.
That's a heavy beast.
That's a heavy beast.
That's a heavy beast.
That's a heavy beast.
That's a heavy beast.
Look at that sight.
Oh, yeah.
That's a heavy beast right there.
It's hitting the lights back there.
Sorry.
It barely fits in the studio, man.
Yeah.
You need a tripod for that.
You got to love the Second Amendment, huh?
Tripod with wheels so you can wheel that sucker around the office.
What do you think the Obama bites thinks?
Obama bites is going to fire the gun.
Here, back it up.
Obama bite.
Looks like you put some rounds through that one, or somebody has.
It's got a little...
It's still got cosmoline on it.
Oh.
All right.
That's a heavy beast right there.
It's right out of the box, man.
First time it's ever been put together.
Very nice.
Very nice.
Listen to that.
The sound of freedom.
Absolutely.
All right.
We have our special guest in the studio, the Barrett 50 cal.
Mike, this is your Barrett.
Don't lie about it.
Oh, yeah.
You think I would bring my Barrett?
Wait.
I don't even have a Barrett.
What are you talking about?
Literally, it's like baby Barretts are popping up everywhere.
Well, Barrett's cranking them out, and I saw a news report that they're going to move out
of Maryland if Maryland continues to...
No, no, no.
That's good.
The gun manufacturers are saying, we're calling your bluff.
We're not going to sell to government anymore if you pass laws.
I think that's great.
And I saw Midway USA, which is a great online retailer.
They have pledged not to sell to government entities that are trying to take away our
Second Amendment rights.
A bunch of others, Cheaper Than Dirt, a bunch of companies.
Bravo Company USA has said they won't sell.
Good rifles there from Bravo Company.
So there's a lot of great examples of that.
That's a reverse gun ban.
It's the people banning guns in the hands of...
But that's how gun owners have got to act.
We use our clout and defeat the enemy.
It's not enough to win a battle now.
We have to win the war, hunt down the globalists politically, and remove them from the system.
Well, I think that's going to happen.
I mean, I know short term, dark times ahead.
But long term, I'm a huge...
Oh, no.
See, they've got everybody with self-fulfilling prophecy.
It's the end of the world.
And they say, you're not a Christian if you don't cop out and say it's the end of the
world.
They said Hitler was the end of the world.
Africans, the Christians being killed in Rwanda thought it was the end of the world and stood
down when the Muslims were killing them and stuff.
I mean, it's a total cop out.
And folks, regardless, you've got to do the right thing or God isn't going to recognize
you.
And I mean, where do you stand on all of that, this cop out that it's got to be the end,
tyranny's got to win, these men call in and go, how can we beat them?
How can we beat them?
These people don't have the moral authority.
Get in their face, stop being cowed.
This is a spiritual war, not just an info war, not just a physical war, at its height,
it's a spiritual war.
And the devil goes around roaring, seeing who he can devour, who cowers.
Go ahead, I'm sorry.
And look, I think there are individuals involved in government right now who are literally
possessed, literally demonically possessed.
Look at Diane Feinstein, she is definitely a demon.
I'm telling you, I think this is real.
And so I think this is a spiritual war and self-defense is a divine right, Alex.
It goes along with us having consciousness, us having free will.
The creator created this universe, which may or may not be a simulation in the eyes of
the creator.
You've covered that, Paul Watson's covered that.
But in this existence, we must maintain the integrity of the divine, which is to help
others have compassion, but also to defend what is right, including through the use of
force as a last resort.
Well, exactly.
We're supposed to smash tyrants when they rise up.
Absolutely.
Who will protect the innocent?
The Bible asks over and over again.
Who will rise up and protect the widows and orphans?
Very few.
But more and more, it's a small number, but it's growing.
And the enemy is totally afraid of us.
Your call's coming up.
Hello, I'm Alex Jones.
Myself, my family, the Infowars.com team want to relay to you and your families that we
are intensifying our efforts against the globalist on every front.
Infowars.com is leading the fight against the technocrats, but we can't do that without
your help.
By getting the films, bumper stickers and T-shirts at Infowars.com, you will wake up
people in your area and support our operation as we move to the next level.
We need your help to spread the word like never before.
They wish to hide themselves during this tectonic battle between the forces of freedom and darkness.
You are the response to the globalist technocrats and their program of global eugenics, dehumanization
and ultimate extermination.
The war is here.
It's an info war, the spirit of 1776 versus the mindset of 1984.
Hey, everybody.
Ty Bollinger here.
Once again, real life, real stories.
And he discovered Carnivora.
He was so thrilled with the product that he shared it with his family and his friends
and his patients.
My dad was a family physician.
He was a medical doctor.
Almost all the symptoms were either diminished or gone.
Amazing product, amazing results.
Like an amazing thing, having such a profound change in how I feel and knowing that it was
the Carnivora that did it.
And a lot of patients got better, ranging from immune dysfunction to allergies and infection.
Here's the toll free telephone number to call to access the Carnivora telecast at carnivora.com
on Tuesday, March 12th, 8 p.m. Eastern Time.
Call 1-888-694-9666.
That's 1-888-694-9666.
Once again, 1-888-694-9666.
That's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A.com or call 1-866-VENUSFLY to order now.
My name is Steven Huir.
After 22 years of nutritional counseling, I've observed that most brain malfunctions
have at their roots some form of toxicity and brain damage.
So whether it is poor memory, poor focus, lack of creative thinking, or more serious
matters like inability to focus, speak normally, or remember things, the emphasis to getting
one's brain working optimally needs to be on detoxification.
One World Way supports your body's number one means of detoxification, which is glutathione
production.
My name is Angie, and my son has suffered from borderline autism and constipation.
I got him on One World Way, and in two months his constipation is gone.
He has become friendlier, he can carry on a normal conversation with me, and he has
made his first friend.
He's doing great, and he looks forward to taking One World Way every day.
You could offer him a present or a cake, and he would prefer the One World Way.
Go to OneWorldWay.com, that's OneWorldW-H-E-Y.com, or call 888-988-3325, that's 888-988-3325.
Ease the T-Rex of political talk, Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
All right, final segment here with Mike Adams in the studio.
They're now coming out with drones to hunt down gun owners who can't make this up.
And I saw a comment on Infowars.com, one of the stories saying, why aren't you covering
a federal court?
Saying that you don't have a right to concealed carry, that's not a Second Amendment.
I've always said that they took something that was not in the Constitution Bill of Rights,
cuz concealed weapons have always been seen as something a criminal does.
You can have any weapon you want if it's being bore openly.
They wanted to make them go into a secret spot, so that, quote, the criminals would
be scared and not know where they are.
That's how they sold it to gun owners.
But the truth is, under common law, which predates even the Constitution Bill of Rights
that it's all based on, concealed weapons generally were illegal.
So see, because it is illegal, you can get a permit to do something that would be illegal.
That's where they had that loophole to then authorize something to create the idea that
government has to authorize you to have a gun.
So people can argue both ends of it, but now the federal court, 10th Circuit, has ruled
that they can revoke it for any time they want and refuse anyone they want, even if
you don't have a criminal record.
A federal judge in 2011 tossed out Peterson's lawsuit, filed against Denver, and the State's
Department of Public Safety.
Peterson claims that being denied a concealed weapons permit because he was not a Colorado
resident violated his Second Amendment rights to bear arms.
But now the 11th, or no, 10th Circuit Court of Appeals has issued this on Friday, I missed
it, saying no, we can take it for any reason we wish.
So it just shows how criminal the government's gotten.
Well, again, what part of keeping bear arms shall not be infringed do they not understand?
It's very clear.
You either have the right to bear them openly or to carry them concealed.
One or the other has gotta be protected under the Second Amendment.
They can't- Well, technically, the Second Amendment went
even further, so you could argue concealed or not.
It's just in the old days, it's like, hey, wear your sword, wear your weapons.
They're planning something sneaky if they aren't out in the open.
Look, I would love to live in a community- I think everybody should be armed and wear
them.
I agree.
The criminals will be real scared.
I completely agree.
In fact- You're packing right now?
I am packing right now.
I'm packing right now?
I always carry a Glock when I'm here.
Actually, I carry it everywhere.
I carry it through the Austin airport.
And it's legal.
It's legal.
I'm licensed.
It's legal.
I don't break fire.
No, no, no, they love the illusion that all the guns are illegal because they base all
the shows in New York or LA or Chicago, again, the cleaning person coming to clean your carpets
thinks your gun case is illegal and runs out freaking out.
These are mentally ill people.
No, and it's funny because I can be walking through the Austin airport looking at a TSA
officer.
That, officer's not even the right word, a person wearing a costume, that person's unarmed
while I've got 30 rounds on me and a loaded gun.
And I'm a citizen who's going to stop a criminal act-
But they don't want the public knowing that.
No, they don't.
That's why I think we should all, it should be legal to wear the guns.
Well, it is in almost every state by fraud, but they still act like it's horrible when
you do it.
And it's like, if I was a criminal about to kill everybody, it'd be hidden and you wouldn't
know.
Right, right.
Well, criminals, this is why, by the way, TSA checkpoints may be targets of criminals
or even false flag attacks.
Because it's a victim disarmament zone.
Because they know people aren't armed who are standing in that line.
But you can be armed in the luggage area.
You can be armed as long as you don't go through the TSA checkpoint here in Austin.
So you can carry a loaded gun with a concealed carry permit all over that airport except
in the security area.
And then you can also unload it, check it, and ship it.
You can.
Yeah.
Let's go to calls because I promise to.
Let's talk to Adam in Vermont, Army Katrina, illegal ops is what he wants to talk about.
Go ahead, sir.
Yeah, hey, Alex.
Yeah, sorry, I've wanted to talk to you for a while, but I've always been hesitant to
do it.
But yeah, I was in US Army psychological operations and one of our deployments I was involved
in was going in in support of Katrina at New Orleans.
And I, you know, in the past, I didn't think anything of it.
But now I know, you know, you see MJ code, you cannot conduct sign up on US citizens
at all completely illegal.
And their way of getting around it.
We were not called to stop you know, they called us a public information element.
And in order to, I guess, hide the possibility of the site, they even have to take our patches
off, which is the US Army, civil affairs and facts and patch.
And yeah, we.
Yeah, they had to put fake patches on, which is again, another act of espionage to go under
something you're not is an international and national crime.
Did you know that?
But again, see, the average person who's compartmentalized doesn't know you guys are under more psyops
than anybody else.
No, absolutely.
You know, that's something I've actually been been realizing myself recently, and I have
told some friends of mine who are starting to get into this kind of thing.
Yeah, the biggest mission I think of officers, especially in style or military intelligence
or anything else, the biggest job of them to try to make the under personnel like myself
at the time, not realize what the hell we're doing.
Exactly.
They're practicing deception, but they're being deceived as well.
You see, if they just gave into the truth, then they would be given real perception and
discernment.
They don't have that.
They think deception is giving them power, but that's not the truth.
Absolutely.
So here's something else, too.
Can you guess who our call makers were, the people who had the missions in plan for us?
Can you guess who that was?
ATF or FBI?
FEMA.
Sure, but assigned under FEMA, I mean, I knew because in the news, wasn't it FBI under FEMA
leading the psychological testing raids where they went and got the guns?
I don't know.
I wasn't involved in that part.
All I know is that the commands that were coming down who were telling us what pamphlets
and everything else they want to have us make was FEMA.
At least from my position, I didn't know anything about FBI.
Let me ask you this.
Sure, sure.
Let me ask you this.
Dealing with all this now, talking to your buddies that might still be in or maybe you're
still in.
Are people starting to wake up in the larger psyop?
Yeah, actually, I'm not in the army anymore.
The people that I used to work with are not in contact too much, and I'm even hesitant
to talk to them about it because they really are.
I mean, they don't know what the hell is going on, but I do know a lot of other people who
are waking up.
I know people in National Guard.
I know an officer actually here in Vermont who told me that they had a briefing recently
asking the staff, how would you feel about getting a command to shoot a U.S. citizen?
That's no joke.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
Listen, that's going on everywhere.
That's going on everywhere.
Yeah, I know I've heard about the testing going on and everything else.
What did he think of them asking them in the unit, what do you think of shooting the American
people?
Yeah, exactly.
And yeah, people are waking up, absolutely.
I've never even come to him and said, what do you think of Alex Jones or anything else
like that?
He came to me and told me that without even knowing that I'm into all of this.
Very interesting, sir.
Thank you for holding to tell us that.
God bless.
Mike Adam, before we take a few more calls here.
We look at this shy off and it looks like it's going to fall foul on its face, except
for one thing, as much as we wake people up now, what's it going to matter when they detonate
a nuke and blame it on the Patriots?
As all the West Point documents are now saying, they're going to put the script out.
Even though it doesn't make sense that the Patriots are working with Al-Qaeda.
Now how do you head that off?
Well, we work as hard as we can now to inoculate the public psychologically to the truth.
We've got the trump card, the ace of spades, the truth.
What else do we do?
Because even though this doesn't make sense, it only makes sense with really bad false
flags.
No, you are on top of the best strategy right now, which is to psychologically inoculate
the population.
But also to encourage people to, if something big happens, immediately start filming, start
recording.
Audio, video, start documenting it right there at that spot.
And because you know how the mainstream media will get a hold of it and change the story
like they did with Dorner.
This whole thing like we didn't start the fire, really?
Do you think where that's-
And for a day they wouldn't discuss it and then suddenly then they whitewashed, but people
were taping live when it happened.
But keep this in mind, Christopher Dorner, one man with some training in weapons.
One man was able to occupy about 5,000 roughly, give or take, police officers and sheriff's
deputies in California, one man.
So think about the effectiveness of just 1,000 people who are committed to freedom.
I'm not trying to say that Dorner was committed to freedom, but he's totally different.
Sure, plus I looked at his strategy, I didn't think his strategy was very good.
It wasn't very good, but imagine the effectiveness of even a small number of people who are committed
to protecting law, which is the Constitution, which is the Bill of Rights.
And by the way, I mean, patriots, if they ever have to defend themselves, it'll make
Dorner look like-
Absolutely.
An absolute wimp.
There was that the Red Dawn movie that recently came out, which is kind of ridiculous movie,
but it showed teenagers with rocket launchers and everything.
But the quote from one of the actors in that movie was, now we are on the side that creates
chaos, that's straight out of the movie.
We are the rebels creating chaos, and their job was to create chaos against the invading
enemy occupying force of North Korea in the film.
And the film depicted them as being very effective at doing that.
I think actual farmers and ranchers here in Central Texas are even more effective.
They know how to get things done.
That's all I'm gonna say.
All I know is the global is sitting there, big compact cities, looking at all the jellyfish
and they think everybody's like that.
They're not.
The public now has gone from being concerned and getting ready to almost ready and wanting
it.
I don't think the system gets it that the people I've talked to, they're like ready.
I mean, I'm just like, whoa, no, no.
People aren't buying into it.
Maybe in the cities, if you live in an artificial construct city and you watch the artificial
news, CNN and so on.
Yeah, the wirehead matrix heads, the matrix heads.
Artificial medicine, which is vaccines and artificial food, which is the aspartame milk
that we-
No, the brain damaging systems, yeah.
So if you're lobotomized, yeah, you might buy into it.
But if you live in the real world and you have real skills like welding, or farming,
or car repair, or taking care of cattle, if you have real skills, then you've got something.
You know what the real world-
Well, it's almost like if you have to do real work, you have to not be in the matrix to
be able to do the work.
That's right.
That's right.
Because people who want to grab the guns, I think mostly they do that because guns scare
them.
They're very, very afraid of the guns themselves.
Not even so much the people, but the guns themselves scare them.
And when you see them try to shoot a gun for the first time, they'll do this bit where
they lean back at the range.
You've seen this?
Yeah.
They're leaning way back.
They're not leaning forward into the shot.
They're afraid of the object.
They're trying to create as much distance from the object that's in their own hands
as possible.
It's an interesting psychological observation.
Someone who's comfortable with guns will take an AR-15, lean right into it, and put their
cheek right on the buttstock and get right in there and fire away because they understand
that that weapon is a tool.
Well, that's the thing.
And these chicken neck globalists with all their black uniforms and all this stuff, they're
leaning back in their attack on us, but trying to look like they're forward in it through
their fear.
And all they're doing is hitting the red alert button to get everybody ready, ready to roll.
