Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are live and it is Monday, the eighth day of April 2013. We're
going to be here live for the next three hours. There is just all sorts of insanity breaking
out all over the world. In Egypt, in Libya, in Syria, in North Africa, Christians are
being mass murdered and just torched and beheaded and raped and killed everywhere. Black Libyans
are being hacked up with machetes and machine-gunned daily. And it's just back of foreign newspapers
because the Peace Prize winner is running it all with NATO.
I mean, I have stacks of these articles every day to the point of I don't even get to them.
It's like, oh, Coptic Christians under siege as mob attacks Cairo Cathedral trying to burn
it down, London Independent. Israel closes Gaza Crossing after rockets fired. Gaza, I
mean, it just goes on and on and on until it is not even a news item anymore. It is
just not even a news item that all of this craziness is going on.
And it's now normal to have the Department of Defense have training manuals for the military
that quote evangelical Christians and Catholics period are extremist and they put them in
a category right next to Al Qaeda. And it's on Fox News, it's not even a news item. Just
as Fox News doesn't become a national story.
MSNBC host in a promo ad running says your kids don't belong to you, they belong to the
state and the collective. And the only place that cares about it is DrudgeReport.com. It's
on the left hand side of DrudgeReport.com. MSNBC host, your kids belong to the collective.
And that's why the White House said last week, the Drudge Report is causing us problems.
The Drudge Report is causing us problems because we can't control the narrative. I mean, what
is there? There's M4worsh.com, there's Drudge Report, Beck covers some of this stuff, Limbaugh
a little bit, but he won't talk about Republicans that are going along with it really.
I mean, this country, Michael Savage talks about some of this stuff. And of course, they're
not perfect. But I mean, at least they'll say communism's not a good idea. America has
lost its moral rudder and compass, and so is the entire Western world for that matter.
And now Katie barred the door. I mean, Katie barred the door. I was driving into work this
morning, listening to local AM talk radio.
And I heard caller after caller going, Obamacare gives me free healthcare. Obama cares about
me. And the host would say, well, you know, it doubles healthcare prices this year. It
hires 16,000 IRS agents. It was written by the insurance companies. It's a giant scam.
It does have death panels, rationing of care. And the people would laugh at him going, that's
a talking point from the Republican Party.
Now, the Republican Party's bought and paid for at the top by the very same people. It's
bought and paid for by the very same people at every level. And Mitt Romney with the big
insurance companies a decade ago or more wrote what became Obamacare. I mean, heaven help
us. It's all about rah, rah, I'm in the winning camp. I'm a Democrat and my guy's in power.
And when Republicans in power, rah, rah, my guy's in, I'm winning. Meanwhile, foreign
special interests are gutting this country up one side and down the other.
That's what's going on in this nation. That's what's happening. And America has just gotten
in a position of a bunch of TV head iPod surfing, iPad surfing, people who cannot take action
to even save their own future. There is not an initiative in this country. A hundred and
one million people don't work in this country of the supposed workforce. Basically, close
to half the country doesn't work in this country.
And they're now saying, hey, let's enslave the other group and make them serve us. We'll
be back with all the big news.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing
a full selection of silver based products. Our most popular silver based products are
the 32 ounce nano silver solutions, our two ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well
as our all natural silver soaps. Just released is our 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver
gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and leave the silver
at the surface, but rather we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing
chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the
silver more effectively. Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver
based products are best for you. That's www.silverlungs.com.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions
are stockpiling food, gold and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you
for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective
against bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver
has over 500 different uses and a long term shelf life, making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared, go to www.supernaturalsilver.com, use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your
entire order and like us on Facebook.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping
or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new
do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to www.getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power so even if the grid
goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed. www.getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is also ridiculously
easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes so there's no need to let a stranger into
your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever
you go. You aren't always at home but SimpliSafe will stand guard protecting your property
24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Again, that's www.getsimplisafe.com.
Crashing through the lies and disinformation, it's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
We have a full raft of guests joining us. Dr. Steve Pachinik who is on the DMZ will
be with us for about 10 minutes at the bottom of the hour with any updates on the North
Korea, South Korea crisis that's continuing to basically escalate. And then we've got
Dan Bongino, the Secret Service agent on who's gone public defending the Second Amendment.
We've got him popping in on the broadcast. We've got Mike Glenn who's obviously known
as the Stinger, a very famous basketball player to talk about the real black history and a
lot of really interesting things that he's written about in his books and how it ties
into modern day things that are happening.
He's also involved with mfowarsteam.com, mfowarshealth.com. And then I'm gonna go into overdrive today
with Antonio Buhler, the West Point grad, no criminal record, film police grabbing on
women. And so he simply went over to film it and they got in his face, grabbed on him
and they've now had a grand jury indict him a year later.
Why don't they go indict George Washington or the Bill of Rights? How about you indict
a newborn baby and cut its spinal cord with a pair of scissors? I mean, that's what they
do every hour in this country. Babies that are born out on the table, nine months old,
people begging to adopt it, just kill it.
I say indict all the babies and put them on death row. I mean, again, you got the cops
going around with high death sunglasses, videoing us, government breaking in to our computers,
Google breaking into our computers, all of it illegal. But they're trying to put people
in prison for life in Illinois who film or tape the police.
This is the upside down world. By the way, I heard that police chief Art Acevedo wants
to come on the broadcast. Because I guess he heard me talking about how he should move
back to Cuba, where they take the guns from the general citizens. He supposedly fled there
as a child with his parents from the tyranny of Cuba.
And now he says you shouldn't be able to have a 15 round mag, shut down the gun shows. And
he said in his speech, you either go along with this or you're with the criminals. Hey,
Art, crimes dropped 49% because of the proliferation of firearms since 1991, FBI's own numbers.
Stop putting out the Southern Poverty Law Center, ADL, Million Mom, 13 Bureaucrat March,
14 Bureaucrat March, I've been out to these in Austin. Stop sitting there with all your
fake bluster.
You bet I want you to come in here whenever you want this week, come in the studio. I
can't wait. I can't wait, come in studio. Came up to Jucari Jackson, they were out there
at the 15 Bureaucrat and 14 Communist March down at the Capitol demonizing the Second
Amendment here in Austin, Texas.
And R.J. Saaveda came over and said that he wants to come on and confront me. Well, come
on, that'll make some good radio, I tell you. And he's a nice guy, he's like, hey, here's
my car and I live over here by you. We ought to come over to the house and have a beer
sometime.
And I'm like, come over and have a beer and what, drive home? He said, no, of course not,
wait a few hours. Anyways, I like to have a beer. It's just all anthropology, sociology
as he's here trying to calm the natives and get us to turn in our boom sticks and go on
the reservation.
He's gonna pat me on the head. He's definitely a slick one, a fed if I've ever seen one.
And so we will certainly get him in here. I'm looking forward to that. So let's call
his office and tell him Art wants to come in here now. Bring him in, bring him in, bring
him in.
Speaking of Second Amendment news, Obama to bring some Sandy Hook families on Air Force
One. He had to pimp out the dead children some more. Or to bring on people that sit
there and look and act like actors. They're sitting there laughing while watching this.
Two seconds later, turn your guns in. I mean, it's like, wow, man, my kids have been killed
like this. I'd be saying, why was Adam Lanza on all these psychotropic drugs, which has
now come out.
And of course, it's now come out again. People said last week, it's breaking. He was on seven
psychotropics. Holmes, the supposed Batman shooter. Remember, I saw the video saying
I thought they'd pull false flags with triggers in the movie. And the media asked, why does
Alex connect Batman to the last two shootings?
I connected it before it happened. And it turned out that he was on seven drugs that
came out early on. But finally, it was in the LA Times last week. So now, it's official,
seven psychotropic drugs and then under government psychiatric care with a top Air Force officer.
And he was in a DARPA program that was in computer mind interface, virtual reality mind
control. And then his dad was involved with the big six mega banks writing key software.
I mean, just talk about the same history Harrison Kleibold's parents in both involved with DARPA.
Look that up.
Man, I tell you, who knows if any of this is even real or true. By the way, Adan Salazar
found two different people from the Batman shooting that are admitted actors. In fact,
some of them are in pretty good sized movies that were official victims in it.
And they're in Aurora. And I told him back at the time I said, don't do that report.
We don't need to get off into that because the public just isn't ready for it. But I
want him to go dig those up again. You've got the promo reels and it's not like people
are saying, hey, this guy's an actor.
Hey, that guy's an actor. Hey, this guy looks alike. There's a lot of schizophrenics out
there that think I'm Bill Hicks or whatever when I'm actually a reptoid. I mean, come
on, we all know the truth. But expanding on this, these are people that are admitted actors.
And I don't mean just all these wannabe actors. I mean, they're really actors. And they're
on the news going, look, I have my pay stub. Yes, I saw it all. One guy acted alone. We
need to restrict the Second Amendment.
And I mean, they've even had Al Qaeda out there with a cut, okay, roll, take three on
CNN. And the Russians were able to descramble it and put it out where they're literally
going. Okay, ready, action. Okay, as soon as I say action, start firing the guns. Okay,
action. Are you ready CNN? Okay, okay, amateur actors, amateur CIA guys, we need an actor,
Gary, right out of Team America.
Hold on, okay, I'm ready to go. Yes, we are here in Syria where Assad is hurting the children.
And as you can hear, pow, pow, pow, pow, pow, pow, pow. There are dead here. Yes, they are
killing us. Help us America, help us America. I mean, we did reports on that a year ago.
Where they've got all these fake people out there, just like the babies in the incubators
in 1990.
And just like all the other lies where they have the daughter of the PR firm come in there
and say that Koresh molested them. I mean, it just goes on and on and on to the point
of they say, okay, we're gonna burn down Dorner. Get the fire, set the fire, burn him up. I
want that cabin burnt down. We have the fire. We have placed the fire. The fire is ignited.
We have a fire. All right, good job team. That does not mean we burn that down. That's
a conspiracy theory.
That sounds like the ravings of a fascist.
You guys have got to stop that, please. That is funny. Man, you know what sounds like the
ravings of a fascist? Let's queue up this Colorado state rep where they're giving secret
service the power to engage in police actions against citizens.
That's federal police with a state bill, the state being fully federalized, SB13-013. ATF,
of course, has got the giant spy databases they're setting up. Army says evangelicals
and Catholics, period, are extremists and put them on a map next to Al-Qaeda. Yeah,
there it is.
A member of the state legislature, Diane DeGette, she says that, and we talked about this last
week, but I mean, I just got to play this clip again. She says, hey, we've got to get
rid of the magazines. After you use them, you can only use them once. So again, a lot
of this is just the people that are anti-liberty are dumber than a sack of bricks.
I mean, they are dumber than a dead possum that's been dead for five days on the side
of the road that's got bureaucrats crawling all over it. I mean, these people are as dumb
as the day is long. They are stupid. And that's who the globalists get to run for office.
Just the dumbest, stupidest morons out there.
Okay, so let's go ahead and go to this clip of her saying, we gotta ban the magazines
because then they're no good after you use them once. Here it is.
I do think that we can pass those. And just very briefly to your last question, what's
the efficacy of banning these magazine clips? I will tell you, these are ammunition, they're
bullets. So the people who have those now, they're going to shoot them. And so if you
ban them in the future, the number of these high capacity magazines is going to decrease
dramatically over time because the bullets will have been shot and there won't be any
more available.
The road to hell is paved with useful idiot morons and this woman wins the grand idiot
award. The grand dupe, sucker, schmuck, fool, dumb ass, I have to use that term, it's the
only way to describe it. And man, listen, they got legions of these people. I've had
a carpet cleaner in my house, saw a gun case, and started to call the police.
And I had to call their manager and say, stop them, stop them, they're mentally ill. I mean,
that's America, ladies and gentlemen, dumber than a box of rocks, thinking Obama's gonna
give them free healthcare. And you wanna talk about the ravings of a control freak authoritarian,
the ravings of a fascist.
The story's up on DrudgeReport.com, MSNBC host. Four kids belong to the collective, it's
on the left-hand side of DrudgeReport.com. It's an Infowars.com story, but it scrolled
off, it's from yesterday. I'm gonna get it posted back up on Infowars.com, where she
says your kids belong to us, and this is an MSNBC promo video.
They're not gonna stop, okay? They're gonna raise your taxes till you live in a 200 square
foot coffin box with government pitos in there teaching your kids, like Jocelyn Eldridge
said, how to masturbate. That's who these people are.
We all know that Berkey water purification systems are the most trusted name in water
filtration. As an authorized Berkey dealer for over six years and serving thousands of
satisfied customers, the Berkey guy offers amazing specials for Berkey water filtration
systems. The Berkey light systems include a set of self-sterilizing and re-cleanable
black purification elements that purify water by removing chlorine, pathogenic bacteria,
cyst and parasites to non-detectable levels, and remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides
and pesticides. Order the Berkey light system today, complete with two black Berkey elements
for only $231, and the Berkey guy will ship your order free of charge. With the purchase
of a Berkey light, the Berkey guy is also offering a set of fluoride and arsenic filters
for only $39.99. That's over 30% off the retail price. Call the Berkey guy at 1-877-886-3653.
That's 1-877-886-3653. Or order online at GoBerkey.com. That's GoBerkey.com today.
American gardeners and fellow patriots, make the right choice with your money, time, and
your family food supply. Choose 100% pure heirloom seeds in the Survival Seed Vault
from MyPatriotSupply.com. Why spend more? The Survival Seed Vault from MyPatriotSupply.com
is only $37.95 and includes 20 varieties of pure, hardy, easy-to-grow heirloom seeds.
Yes, only $37.95. That's 70% less than our competitors. You could buy three Survival
Seed Vaults for less than one of theirs. The Survival Seed Vault from MyPatriotSupply.com
includes detailed planting and seed saving instructions and ships same day. Plus, all
orders over $49 ship free. MyPatriotSupply.com is American-owned by patriots like you. Passionate
about freedom and preparedness. Call now, 866-229-0927. That's 866-229-0927. Or discover
more emergency preparedness items when you order at MyPatriotSupply.com. Choose the original.
Choose the Survival Seed Vault at MyPatriotSupply.com. For those who know the benefits of silver,
for those who know the healing history of silver, and for those who want to be prepared,
now there's SilverGauze, a nylon elastic wrap with silver bonded to each individual fiber.
SilverGauze is a long-lasting, washable, and reusable must-have for any emergency kit.
Get yours today at SilverGauze.com. Spell the silver, G-A-U-Z-E, dot com. SilverGauze
is what your emergency kit is missing. Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered
why banks, stock workers, investment advisors want to talk about gold IRAs? They've been
available since 1986, yet the financial industry won't recognize the value of gold for your
retirement. Gold is outperformed paper investments, yet no word about IRAs. If you would like
to have gold for your retirement, call 800-686-2237. Don't get left behind by rising inflation
and low returns, call 800-686-2237. Secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237. Gardeners,
here comes another growing season, but don't use last year's soil. Maximize yields in your
survival garden with EM1 from Tereganics. EM1 is an organic soil conditioner, fertilizer
amendment, and compost accelerant that provides a broad spectrum of beneficial microorganisms,
enzymes, trace minerals, vitamins, and various organic acids. EM1 helps regulate the soil's
pH level and its soil microbes, improving moisture retention and drought tolerance.
Remember last year's dry conditions? EM1 from Tereganics is safe, chemical-free, and certified
for use on all organic farms. It improves plant quality, size, color, flavor, and gives
up to 20% more nutrient value in fruits and vegetables, and greatly increases shelf life.
And EM1 is so simple to use, just mix with water and apply. This year, prepare your crisis
garden for maximum yields with EM1 from Tereganics.com. Order now at T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X.com, or call
toll-free, 866-369-3678. That's 866-369-3678. Tereganics. Life's getting better.
All right, Alex Jones here back live. Dr. Pachinik's popping in for like 10 minutes.
From the DMZ, the latest on North Korea, we'll get into that. But here's the headline, MSNBC
hosts, your kids belong to the collective. And there she is with this arrogant, lisping,
crazed look in her eye. These are dominators. These are people that can't build anything.
So they see their empires building as they take you over. These are slave masters who
wanna be able to, like the UN has pushed and Jocelyn Elders, quote, reach down and show
the kids how to do it. And you're like, that's outrageous. Why are they so outrageous?
Because it's about breaking you. It's about Stockholm syndrome. It's about going for it
all and then going for it all again and going. They're like hopping around demons. People
that hate you having a nice family, hate your swimming pool, hate your wealth. That's all
they talk about. Disgusting America with all its wealth and people that have things. You
hear it. Meanwhile, they're in helicopters and jets and giant government buildings. They
hate you.
They have an instinct towards total domination. They have an instinct that if you gain something,
they're losing something because they're predators. These people are total and complete predators.
The reason I'm bringing up Jocelyn Elders is I was talking about how the state controls
your kids. And one of the IT guys that was up here last night, he goes, remember Jocelyn
Elders? Go and reach down and help the kindergartners. That voice, reach down and help them. I mean,
it's just like, what? Is there no end to you people?
And now we've got Melissa Harris-Perry engaged in total neuro-linguistic programming. People
always asking me, do you know about this? Do you know about that? So I went and studied
it. And it's a quack science they use that I guess only works on people that are unconscious.
And they'll say something that they know is what people agree with. Your children belong
to you to trigger synapses in the brain. They go, that's right, they do, they're mine. Normal
mammalian response. But actually, we need to strengthen public education.
We haven't supported it, which is a lie. More funding to communist education, government
reeducation camps than the other nation in the history of the world meant to take over
society in their own documents that Charlotte Iserby details in her book Deliberate Dumbing
Down. So first she says something that's true to get you, then she gives you a lie.
It's all scripted off a teleprompter, official MSNBC ad. Your kids belong to you, and they're
your responsibility. And then, by the way, we haven't been supportive of public education.
But now that's all over, because your kids belong to the whole community. And she sells
it like, we're gonna take a weight off you. Let your kids stay till eight at night at
the public school, like they're now pushing.
Let's have over the summer, you know what, all the time, all the time, all the time,
the whole thing is a psych warfare event with a crazed nobody that goes to Delphi Technique
and Rand Corporation events. They're all funded by this, it's on record. You can look it up,
all these federal bureaucrats at that level. That's a federal agent you're looking at right
there.
MSNBC is a globalist propaganda command base, raining down racial and cultural division
with the government as the unifier. The Roman model of balkanize everybody, and then it
bundles the sticks together. True fascism is the sticks bundled together, tied together.
The fasci, that's what fascism comes from. Bulk break us into pieces so we're not strong,
and then the state ties us together with hatchets above it. The sword, the weapon, the gun,
you don't have a gun, the state has the gun.
These are naked conscious authoritarians, running around with their tongues hanging
out like wild wolves. And you're in such a trance, people are like, the government loves
me, Obama wants to give me something free. Obama is CIA raised from birth, Ford Foundation,
Rockefeller Foundation, literal Manchurian candidate of the New World Order to bring
in hell and death.
Ladies and gentlemen, he rides the white horse of pestilence and death. Now let's go ahead
and go to this clip. We're gonna go to break and come back with it. We got time, go out
to break with it. Here's the evil.
We have never invested as much in public education as we should have because we've always had
kind of a private notion of children. Your kid is yours and totally your responsibility.
We haven't had a very collective notion of these are our children. So part of it is we
have to break through our kind of private idea that kids belong to their parents or
kids belong to their families and recognize that kids belong to whole communities.
Once it's everybody's responsibility and not just the households, then we start making
better investments.
All right, folks, we'll be right back. That's official MSNBC and courts have said in California
your kids don't belong to you. And they've also come out and said they'll give kids shots
without your consent.
We're on the march. The Empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN radio network.
In the last two years alone, the U.S. has seen huge losses to our food supply in 2011
storms and floods raged across the U.S., costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone. In 2012,
we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years. You may think out of
sight, out of mind. And so you don't think you will be affected. The fact is you are.
We all are. Food shortages drive prices up for everyone. You might not be able to control
Mother Nature, but you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability
of your food supply with E Foods Direct. Be prepared before you need it with nutrient
dense food you can store for up to 25 years. You can hope for the best, but hope won't
feed you. Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best durable foods out there
from E Foods Direct. Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at efoodsdirect.com
forward slash Alex and check out their spring specials. Again, that number is 800-409-5633
or on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex. You can bet your life on E Foods
Direct. If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here
is the Cal Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for
years. These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut
oils that are earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091
for a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice
as good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods,
hurricanes or the threat of martial law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare
for emergencies. As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold and weapons. But how
will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver
is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is
a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus
and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe
from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term
shelf life, making it the number one choice of preppers across the country. To find out
how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to SupernaturalSilver.com.
Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
The answer to 1984 is 1776. You're listening to the Alex Jones Show.
Monday through Friday, from 11 a.m. until 2 p.m. Central Standard Time, we are here
live, ladies and gentlemen. And we, of course, are back weeknight, 7 o'clock, with InfoWars
Nightly News. I'm just gonna get a 10-minute update from Dr. Steve Puchenik here, and then
I'm gonna get back into all the world news and the incredible attacks that are accelerating
on the First Amendment, you name it, the ATF.
On the federal website has put out the bid for data mining to spy illegally on all gun
owners and your web activity. Google, the NSA front, is breaking into all the computers
with its Google cars and other systems with passcodes, stealing your data for the NSA
and the foreign six banks that run it.
I mean, it is just wall-to-wall criminal activity. There are tens of thousands of private intelligence
groups now that have been given full national security access to everything. So understand,
it's not just Nixon spying on you with your IRS records, and he was gonna go to jail for
that until he stepped down.
Now thousands and thousands, including quasi-foreign mercenary groups, are given above top-secret
clearances to listen to your phones, get in your computers, your bank accounts, and they
put it on the news. Intelligence agencies, look at your bank account every day. Intelligence
agencies, listen to you, private contractors.
I mean, it is just the age of the criminal. Every criminal on Earth turned loose, the
government recruiting them, to absolutely implode and rob everyone. This is like the
French Revolution, the Jacobins, the opposite of our revolution. This is an Illuminati crazy
person orgy.
We're seeing a wall-to-wall orgy with the TSA, their vanguard, openly training us to
be groped, to have our families groped for prisoner training. And they're buying billions
of bullets and armored vehicles and setting up checkpoints all over the place and putting
the military on the street.
I mean, they are just running wild. And their main drive is destroying the family, destroying
men and women, destroying normalcy. This is a group of mentally ill deviants. What do
you think the Nazis were? A bunch of deviants. What do you think the communists were? A bunch
of deviants.
I mean, have you read about Hitler, Mao Zedong, Stalin, Lenin? These are their own writings,
the stuff they were into. Ultimate weirdos who don't like those of us that just wanna
go home to our wife and kids and be normal, that never get tired of a steak, never get
tired of fishing, never get tired of a sunset, never get tired of our wives, of our husbands.
We are anathema to them. They like burning cities, starving children, black uniforms,
hell on earth. And I, for one, have had enough of it. I've had enough of it. And it's time
for the strong and the decent and the normal to rise up and to call out the enemy and call
it out for what it is.
They are on mainstream news. I have the Fox News. And Fox News is like, is this good?
They're like, well, maybe. All Catholics and all evangelical Christians listed in a file,
let's show people, as being with Al-Qaeda. It shows their names and they teach the military,
that's extremism. Army labeled evangelicals as religious extremists, let's scroll down.
And it actually shows the document, if you click on it if you're watching on TV at prison.tv,
right next to it. You can actually just blow it up then, just blow it up there on the screen
for everybody.
You can just go back to the actual page and just blow it up on that screen like I did
yesterday. And then it's right side up. It's just incredible. This is a psychological warfare
tactic where they're totally beyond gaslighting everyone. They are just creating total learned
helplessness and a mass Stockholm syndrome effect using normalcy bias.
And they are on purpose frying everyone's brains right now, with MSNBC officially in
promo saying, the state runs your children, the collective is here. We're taking your
guns and they've got their talking point minions calling in to talk radio going. There are
no bullets, there are no drones, there are no checkpoints, there is no TSA, the healthcare
is all free, everything is wonderful.
And you hear them giggling and snickering, saying to the host, I heard it this morning,
calling in in a group. The host didn't even know what was happening as I was driving into
work on 590 going, that's just in your chain emails. None of this is happening. None of
this is happening as if we're so weak minded, they sit there and tell us this isn't happening.
I'm sorry, let's go to Dr. Steve Pechenik, who doesn't need an introduction. He flew
out there to cover it, former top hostage negotiator for the State Department and crisis
manager.
Helped get the Camp David Accords through, was involved with General Boykin founding
Delta Force in 1979. And has also been involved using psychological warfare to overthrow governments.
And he says, he just told us during the break, he's gotta leave very soon because they're
putting major pressure on him now. The globalist intelligence groups to kick him out of the
country. And he's there on the DMZ with official, well, the Korean government because they know
him, he was involved in the democratization of the country, has got an attache attached
to him.
And he can give us a report on what's happening to him right now and the latest from North
Korea. But first off, Doc, what do you think about my rant about authoritarianism?
You know, it's ironic. You and I have telepathic feelings. You're far more assertive and a
little bit, quite frankly, without being facetious, you're far more historically referenced. I
was so impressed with the Plato and the Nietzsche reference that I was taken aback and I had
to go read some. But let me just get back to exactly what you were saying. This is not
a rant. Let's make it very clear. One of the things that I learned here on the DMZ's own
and in Korea and in interviewing our soldiers, our special soldiers, soldiers coming out
of the Ranger schools in Fort Lewis is one thing. And I've learned it repeatedly. That
was the one reason why I came here. Number one, this problem is not our problem. We have
contributed to this problem in South Korea through many, many ways. I would not be surprised
that our POTUS, Obama and Hillary, when they went to Myanmar, decided that when we shifted
all our assets into the Far East, including our sink pack, as well as Marines into Australia,
there was no reason for it. We don't need now military forces in order to re-ensure
our financial interests. What I found now in South Korea was exactly the opposite of
what you found in America and what I have found. And we've come to the same conclusion.
I came out of here yesterday after coming to the DMZ, talking to hundreds of South Koreans.
There was not one South Korean, despite this whole crisis in warm hungry, who was upset,
disgusted with America, or upset about some Kim Jong-un, and they thought it was a joke.
They had a highly amount of disrespect for us. They said we should leave. And I've said
that for 20 years. We do not need a base in Seoul. That base is worth billions of dollars.
We have made a lot of money by selling it back to South Korea. They have asked us for
repeatedly to leave. South Korea does not need our help. North Korea will go through
its own crisis as a baby goes through its crisis, and eventually it will resolve itself.
Our business is not to respond to symptoms, it's to prevent them. If we have any effective
system, it should be in the prevention of crisis. That's really prevention. But instead,
we have a president, we've had three sequiturs, sequestering presidents, Clinton, Bush, and
Obama, who have repeatedly gone into rendition, and into sequestration, and into wars that
were false, and have continuously lied to the American public. I cannot emphasize enough
your impassioned as well as mine. Now, I've worked with five, six presidents. None of
them were as vitriolic in their attempt to control the American public for everything
that everybody said about Nixon. He never tried to control the American public. He looked
at the IRS. He created a lot of welfare programs. We went to a war that he did not want. It
was started by John F. Kennedy and LBJ, who had the dignity to leave. We have people in
the White House who have no dignity, no competency, and who are totally sociopaths. We have a
military industrial complex that's creating and fomenting these so-called crises. I knew
the minute we were shifting our entire sink tank, our Navy, and our Marines into Australia
while Hillary and Obama were conniving in Myanmar, Burma, I knew we would be getting
into trouble in the South China Sea. We are irrelevant. I cannot tell you, after talking
to hundreds of intelligence operatives here, Koreans, we are so irrelevant, they are so
prosperous, that when I look back at this entire issue, do you know what I come out
of it with? The same conclusion you came out of it. I go through TSA, I had to go twice
through three times to TSA in Miami, San Francisco, and elsewhere. They were pathetic. The minorities
who ran it were illiterate. They could not speak English. The ones who could speak English
were dumb. And they were looking at things that were totally irrelevant. There is no
counter-terrorism. There is no security. What we have created is a dysfunctional, self-destructive
government. It must stop. It will not stop from the constitutional amendments that we
have or our legislators. They are incompetent. The Constitution is antiquated. We have to
renovate it. We have to get rid of our legislators. They do no longer represent our interests.
It's crony capitalism. And we can no longer really abide by presidential elections. It's
just a joke. It's just one CIA asset. As many as most people won't realize, even Clinton,
the slick willy, a total sociopath, a drug addict, was recruited at Yale as a CIA asset.
I was on the board in the Fulbright, where we gave out Fulbright scholarships to CIA
potential candidates when he went to Oxford and his roommate was strove to hell, but he
never even finished the education. He ended up in Moscow, elsewhere. He doesn't talk
about it. Then he goes to MENA, services our CIA through drugs and to the third-world country.
Then we get Bush, who's a total moron, completely CIA asset, run by Cheney, run by a whole group
of guys who were dysfunctional and were thrown out by Bush Sr., and yet they come up to the
top because of the power elite within the Republican Party.
Sure, and Doc, let's tie this in.
That power elite will destroy itself.
Sure, you're there on the DMZ. I want to get a little bit into that before you've got to
leave us. But look at how Rumsfeld, in the mid-'90s with Clinton, helps transfer the
reactors that are the type that could create the fissile material for A-bombs. Look at
how you said the big defense contractors are there trying to sell weapons to everybody
during this crisis. They stand to gain from destabilization instead of just having a free
market system. You were telling me yesterday how you were in the restaurant surrounded
by CIA people casing you. You told Chris you've got to split soon because they're starting
to put pressure on you.
Describe the atmosphere there, because here it is, North Korea show signs-
Here's the atmosphere. It's very clear. On the DMZ zone, in some ways, I'm a lot more
protected because there's very little they can do to me. Either there's no grounds on
which they can arrest me because, basically, I'm providing information literally to you
and to the American public. I have not violated the First Amendment. What's happening is I'm
seeing more and more surrounding me within other confines, in Seoul and the DMZ, more
and more American soldiers who stand out, who really have no idea of what they're doing.
In Fort Lewis, for Fort Bragg, I asked them repeatedly, what is your mission statement?
I don't want their secrecy. They say, it's so complex. I say, why is it so complex when
there's psychological warfare? I asked them, how many weeks did you get in military intelligence
at Fort Wachuca, which is what we do in military intelligence? You know how many weeks? Two
weeks, it was worthless.
No, they're babies.
Not just babies, they're the point here in our country.
Well, they say complex because they don't know.
No, they know. What's happening is they're being brainwashed by a competent system that
no longer functions. Let me put it simply, as you said, in medicine, we say to the patient,
above all else, do no harm. Here, we have done harm to Korea. We have done harm to Pakistan.
We have done harm to Afghanistan. We have done harm to Iraq, to Syria, to the world.
It is time to come back to our country, rehabilitate ourselves, take care of ourselves, the Korean
Peninsula has better traffic, better infrastructure, cleaner places than we do.
Sure. You've heard of will to power. You've heard of will to power. What about will to
evil?
Well, it's not will to evil. Alex, I have to a little bit disagree what I talked about,
and most people don't understand it. Twenty years ago, I publicly stated that Bush Jr.
in an American public was following a self-destructive course of the republic and in turn creating
an empire. We are no longer a republic and we will die like Rome, but what we are in
an empire is we have centurion guards in sync packs, SOCOM, CENTCOM, all these fancy words
including Petraeus, Jim Dempsey, the worst chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff I've
ever seen, Admiral Mullen, the worst chiefs of staff I've ever had. If we had Eisenhower,
we had Patton, we have a George Marshall, these men would have been fired. You're not,
you're talking about six, seven hundred men within 30 days. Any one of us who fought in
the Korean War or World War Two and my family fought in the Korean War, these men would
have been summarily fired. We don't have that because the leadership is incompetent, it's
dysfunctional, and we're continuing to go into a self-destructive course.
Sure, they watch their own CIA produced movies, worshiping themselves and actually drink their
own Kool-Aid.
Well, that's true, but they produce the movies in order to create for themselves a fantasy
that they want to see.
No, I know, they're a bunch of delusional peacocks.
None of them, none of them are effective assassins. There were times that I sat there and I couldn't
believe it. They had a subcontract down in Lebanon, and I won't give the name because
he knows exactly what I'm talking about, where they literally blew up 84 innocent men and
women. Years later, I looked at him and I said, this is impossible. On the other hand,
we have had some great CIA leaders like Don Gregg, Jim Lilly, Paul Redman, all of whom
were bred out of the old OSS and were dedicated selflessly to our country. But we now have
a CIA that is as lazy and incompetent as our generals. They are overpaid because they're
funded by third party payments. So instead of coming into our agency, they're funded
by the ASAIC, Northrop Grumman, Lockheed, L3 Communications, and you'll see they get
double the pay and half the capability. We do not need the CIA. We do not need this military.
It is dysfunctional. If the American public understands how self-destruction, we have
lost every single war since World War Two. We have lost the Korean War, the Vietnam War.
We have gone into an absurd war. Absolutely. Bottom line, bottom line. What's the current
situation? We have lost the Pakistan War. We have lost the Korean, the Egyptian War,
Libya. And so we have a bunch of liberals. We have a bunch of idiot Republicans who have
no idea about foreign policy. It is time to devolve the government. And if we can't do
that, then separate the United States into the effective components it belongs to. And
that's what I've said in the state of emergency. I have repeatedly stated let the governors
take care of their own states and the rest be damned. The federal government is a totally
useless cancer on our American way of life. If we do not change the Constitution, eliminate
the representatives who are totally fat and lazy and incompetent. And if we do not eliminate
our generals who are incompetent. He's all the way in South Korea. Sometimes he's I think
loses our audio, but we may get one more update tomorrow specifically on what's happening
on the DMZ. But it's just a bunch of warmongering by all sides to grandstand and make government
bigger and make the public more scared. Just like staging terror attacks, Kim Jong Un stages
these events. Imagine waking one morning only to find your family shivering in the dark
because you couldn't afford to pay your electric bill. That's closer than you think. You probably
hadn't heard about this yet because the liberal media has been suppressing what is fast becoming
the most shocking news story of 2012. Obama's secret war on coal that could increase your
already high power bill as much as 400% in coming months. As shocking as it sounds, it
will be just a matter of time before the lights start going out across America. But here's
some good news. There's an underground video at exposed123.com that thousands of smart
patriots have used to end their slavery to the corrupt electricity monopoly. The video
at exposed123.com has already been banned by Google. And the liberal media is doing
everything in its power to take it down and keep America in the dark. So watch it now
at exposed123.com before it's too late. Again, that's exposed123.com.
In the last two years alone, the US has seen huge losses to our food supply. In 2011, storms
and floods raged across the US costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone. In 2012, we
saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years. You may think out of sight,
out of mind, and so you don't think you will be affected. The fact is you are. We all are.
Food shortages drive prices up for everyone. You might not be able to control mother nature,
but you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply
with E Foods Direct. Be prepared before you need it. With nutrient dense food you can
store for up to 25 years. You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you. Do what
I've done and get your own supply of the best durable foods out there from E Foods Direct.
Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at efoodsdirect.com. And check out their spring
specials. Again, that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward
slash Alex. You can bet your life on E Foods Direct. Is this the year you finally get serious
about your family's drinking water? If so, keep listening for a special offer from Big
Berkey Water Filters. Did you know that over 60% of municipal water is fluoridated? Berkey
Water Filters distinguish themselves from many other filtration systems with the capability
to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine, fluoride, arsenic, and disinfection byproducts
from municipal water via the black Berkey and PF line of filters. Then there's affordability.
At only 1.7 cents per gallon, Berkey Water Filters purify treated and untreated water,
even stagnant pond water. Stop and think how much money you could save by simply reducing
buying bottled water and using water filtered by your Berkey Water Filter. No need to be
constantly replacing expensive filters with a Berkey. A single set of filters can last
for 5 to 10 years. Choose the best size Berkey for your needs at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
And right now, all GCN listeners get 5% off all ceramic filter systems. Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY.
That's 877-99-B-E-R-K-E-Y. Or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com. Free shipping on every order over $50. Big Berkey
Water Filters, for the love of clean water. All right, folks. Yeah, Dr. Pechenik is in
South Korea. And that's why he couldn't hear me sometimes. The line sounds pretty good,
but sometimes it's only one way. Kind of like cell phones do that sometimes. He's telling
me a lot during the breaks. Bottom line, he's saying his access is being denied. He's being
blocked. He's got folks creeping around, but he wanna make a big deal out of that.
But he has had a chance to talk to a lot of the military. And they said that there basically
is no mission. I mean, the mission is look like they're doing something. But it's all
for show. Just like North Korea pretty much is all for show. But if it gets too escalated,
North Korea has attacked before. And so the big thing is, he believes don't stir it all
up. So the West has an excuse to dominate that area of Asia, and that things might end
up good down the road.
Is that an accurate statement in closing, Dr. Pechenik?
Yeah, the basic two points that everybody has to look at is, April 15th is the anniversary
Kim Il Sung. April 30th, you may see rockets in celebration. But let me tell you very simply,
we are irrelevant. The North Korea is irrelevant. The only country that's relevant right here
is South Korea. And quite frankly, they do not need our military help.
It's as simple as that. And let us get out of every other country and worry about our
own country. That's the summary.
Well the empire is getting more delusional when the White House press secretary, former
secretary gets up and says, I'm told to lie to everybody. And then the MSNBC host laugh.
What do you make of their move to get our guns? And MSNBC host saying things like, your
children belong to the state. That's being run as an hourly promo. What are they trying
to do?
The whole point of the state running, the government running the United States of America
has got two issues. One, it's totally self-delusion. Two, it's out of desperation. Three, it's
total incompetency. Number four, there is no way in hell that the US federal government
can run anything other than barely itself, because there's no way they're gonna garner
300 million guns. I carry, I conceal weapons. Half of the South that I know carries concealed
weapons and quoting physicians, everyone else. So, you know, Obama has no idea what America's
about. Nobody in Washington DC has an idea about America. Nobody's ever read American
Revolution or George Washington. We're born of the gun, not because we want to kill. We're
born of the gun because we have always been mistrustful of George Washington having said
the following, do not make a president, he will eventually become a king. If he is a
king, then we will have to depose him. That's what we're about. We're a democracy. It's
time to come home, take care of ourselves, take care of our children, bring back our
army that has lost all the wars since the Second World War. Get rid of the CIA, get
rid of-
Sure, if they think the globalists are gonna dominate America, they couldn't even hold
Baghdad. Resistance is victory, and all the billions of bullets and all of it is blustered
by a criminal group that knows they should all be going to jail for the too big to fail.
And look, Americans buying hundreds of millions of guns a year, hundreds of millions, folks.
Americans, the last two years, 70 million background checks to buy guns, and half of
them out there aren't even through that system. The people are voting, buying the bullets.
America is actually awake. It's a psy-op that we're not awake. It's a psy-op that we've
embraced communism. It's all a load of bull, and I only hope that we can shift back to
the state's 10th Amendment before it goes to a full bore civil war.
We will get back our power, trust me. I have a full faith in the American public. That's
why I came forth, tried to sacrifice my life. I don't wanna make myself a hero. This is
the 10th time. I did it eight times to the United States government without any remuneration,
but I won our army. I won intelligence. I won the White House, and I won every other
institution, particularly the TSA, Homeland Security, the FBI, and every other element
that is there to continue their self-destructive behavior, America will retaliate. They have
no idea what the American public is like from the east coast to the west coast and the north
coast. Absolutely. God bless you. God, thanks for
coming on with us. This is GCN, the Genesis Communications Radio
Network. A little over a year ago, I began to do a
lot of research into why, even if I had a pretty good-sized meal, that I was still starving.
My research led me to a well-known fact that most of the soils that we grow our crops on
here in the United States and across the industrialized world are almost completely depleted of almost
all of the key minerals and trace elements that our bodies need to rebuild themselves,
fight off cancer, and be healthy. I then searched out the best vitamin and mineral
company out there and discovered Youngchevity. The Youngchevity products are designed to
give you the real nutrition you need, and once you've got that, you don't have to eat
as much to be satisfied. I've lost 37 pounds in two months, simply getting the vitamins
and minerals I need. Check it out for yourself. It's incredible. Go to InfowarsTeam.com today
and order your first canister of Beyond Tangy Tangerine Complete Multivitamin Mineral Complex
Dietary Supplement. That's InfowarsTeam.com.
Waging war on corruption, Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Big Brother. Mainstream media. Government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are live. Thank you so much for joining us. We're now into hour
number two. Dan Bongino, the former Secret Service agent, who has spoken out for the
Second Amendment eloquently, will be popping in to join us at the bottom of the hour. You've
heard Dr. Pachenik on the last three shows in a row, and he definitely is a very interesting
person, with a long history at the highest levels of the, quote, intelligence community.
And the whole government and homeland security system has become like a movie star thing,
where they're secret agents and they're cool because they have this title. And it's all
just a bunch of bad liars who are bringing drugs into the country and building a prison
state, basically reintroducing slavery to America, and exporting predatory government
everywhere because these people don't know how to produce anything.
They're the opposite of a renaissance. They are an authoritarian cancer. And you've got
people like Dr. Pachenik, who's, you can go look up news articles where they finger him
overthrowing governments and manipulating the communists to kill the prime minister
of Italy, and just right there running the Camp David Accords at the start of Delta Force.
I mean, he really is an insider insider. And he's here, first came on with us like 12 years
ago because I saw a blurb where he'd put out on his website that Bin Laden had died a long
time ago, and he showed even mainstream articles admitting that he was dying of kidney failure
a year before, CBS News and stuff.
So I called and got him on, and that created a storm in the Council on Foreign Relations.
I'll put it to you that way. And a bunch of stuff happened behind the scenes that I'm
not at liberty to discuss. But you need to understand, ladies and gentlemen, the Pentagon
listens to this show, okay? I'm not bragging. For me, I'm just a regular guy, puts his pants
on one leg at a time.
In fact, one of my biggest problems is I don't put on airs and act like I'm on a power trip,
which to the general public means everything nowadays, like a peacock or a parrot displaying
feathers. We under-promise, over-deliver here. I mean, we're making history. And I say that
so people know we're like on a trench run through the Death Star. And this is not a
joke.
I mean, I don't know how anybody out there can be bored. I don't know how anybody can
sit there and watch our criminal government give the reactors to make the A-bombs in North
Korea 17 years ago bipartisan. Here's the deal, the elite are dysfunctional. They've
got a cosmology and a philosophy of eugenics.
But they're not serious people, even in their own ideology. They're just a bunch of crooks.
I mean, they've just WikiLeaks a whole bunch of documents, millions of pages of it, they're
saying. And it's Stephen Kissinger talking about all the crimes he's committing and how
we can do the criminal stuff right away, the illegal stuff right away.
That's a quote, but the unconstitutional stuff will have to wait till later. And that's
why they make fun of the Constitution, the Bill of Rights all day. Because if you follow
the Bill of Rights, the Constitution, it binds down tyrants. The only problem is it produces
so much freedom and so much wealth that everybody becomes decadent slobs.
And when you're fat, dumb and happy, you don't care anymore. 1.7 million diplomatic cables
released with Eric Kissinger in there. We'll be right back, ladies and gentlemen, with
a ton of news straight ahead. Stay with us.
Introducing pro wine, all of your filtration in one system portable on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics, advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your pro pure with
the new pro one filters today at Infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers. The prognosis for the entire planetary
economic system runs from bad to worse. The globalist model is to shut down societies
and starve patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover. That's why we've assembled
the most vital and important preparedness items at Infowarsshop.com. These are items
that I did research on that I personally use. You've got the LifeStraw so you can turn
fetid water into safe water anywhere you go. The Ktor Handcrank Generator to charge up
key equipment during power outages or out in the field. Strategic Relocation, third
edition by Joel Skousen. When Disaster Strikes by Matthew Stein. TheraSafe used by Homeland
Security to protect yourself during any radiological event. Handcrank shortwave AM-FM radios. Everything
that we've researched and found to be the best is available at Infowarsshop.com and
your purchase makes our Infowar possible. We're getting prepared. Are you? Infowarsshop.com.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Big brother. Mainstream media. Government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does he. He's Alex
Jones on the GCN radio network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
All right, we're into hour number two, and I still haven't mentioned, obviously, that
Margaret Thatcher died. We've got coverage of that up at infowars.com. We've got several
guests joining us, including a Secret Service agent that's spoken out for the Second Amendment.
There's a lot of amazing news out there today. You know, some of it is just so ridiculous.
It came out in USA Today a few years ago that 73% of Obama's Twitter followers are fake.
And of course, of course, they're fake. And now it's come out that Obama doesn't control
his own Twitter account. Well, of course, he doesn't. The guy is a total and complete
puppet. And all of this, why does North Korea love to grandstand and threaten to nuke?
Why does the West love to grandstand and say we're on the edge of World War III? Because
it gives government more power no matter what country you're in. Why did Homeland Security
a month ago say, cut Homeland Security funding and terrorists will attack?
Because they can never reverse their takeover. They've just got to expand it and expand it
and expand it. They want to wreck society so they can consolidate it. That's what authoritarian
centralized systems always do over and over.
And there's articles out about the Democrats freaking out over Obamacare as their constituents
learn that it doubles the price on average, that it doesn't cover preexisting and that
they're just gonna get cut from full time to part time. And as doctors and people quit
in mass, this is what it looks like when you let the ogres take over.
All they know how to do is steal stuff, not build anything, not do anything. You think
the government class is gonna work hard? You think the corporate class that works with
government at the top? No, no, why should they work hard? Why should they innovate if
they can just shut down their competition cuz they control the government?
You become North Korea when you have this type of system in place. I want to open the
phones up for first time callers here to give me your take on just how insane this world
has gotten. You heard the clip we've played? MSNBC host, your kids belong to the collective.
MSNBC host, your kids belong to the collective. And they now run promos saying your kids belong
to the government.
This is the incredible creepiness of what our society has become. And not only are we
held hostage by Kim Jong-un, who Japan's freaking out cuz they can actually be hit by his nukes,
there's no doubt about that. And just as government creates this abomination where this nobody
joke is threatening to nuke the US and Japan. It's the same thing where these nobody jokes
that have gotten in control of government are threatening terror attacks if we don't
give them more money and let them stick their hands down our pants as an act of domination.
That's what a crazy joke all this has become. I mean, look at this Fox News headline. Army
manual, evangelicals are religious extremists. A US Army training instructor, well, no, it's
the manual. This is Southern Poverty Law Center manual, it's what it is. I've seen it a hundred
times, literally.
Listed evangelical Christians and Catholicism as examples of religious extremism along with
Al Qaeda, Hamas, during a briefing with the Army Reserve Unit based in Pennsylvania. Click
here for the most important and then it goes through it. We find this offensive to have
evangelical Christians and Catholic Church to be listed among it and then it goes on.
Army spokesman George Wright told Fox News that it was an isolated incident not condoned
by the Department of the Army, pure bull. Pure bull, that is Southern Poverty Law Center.
I even recognize the way they format the text. If you pull up the MIAC reports, the Homeland
Security reports, the FBI reports, there are literally over 100 modern FBI manuals. And
it's all the same font officially put out by the Southern Poverty Law Center, the ADL
has a hand in it.
I mean, I instantly see it and know who did it. These are foreign groups who are here
saying, if you're a gun owner, a conservative, a returning veteran, a Christian, period,
you're a terrorist. These people bad mouth George Washington. And you know what, folks,
if you wanna live under this, that's fine. I mean, I cannot believe that people go Alex
Jones is radical, Alex Jones is scary, Alex Jones is spooky.
And that's a Glenn Beck quote. I'm spooky. I'm spooky because I recognize what's going
on. I'm freaking out about it, saying, hey, we're in deep trouble. No, I'm pointing out
stuff that is spooky. I'm not spooky. I'm talking about things that are spooky, real
spooky.
I mean, we've got a bunch of people that have studied authoritarianism, and that are on
giant out of control power trips who really want to have a pure authoritarian takeover.
A toll free number to join us, 800-259-9231, 800-259-9231. Guys, can you queue up Joe Biden
calling for a new world order? And then I saw headlines in Gawker and a bunch of other
places saying, Christmas has come early, the conspiracy tards are gonna have fun with this
cuz it doesn't exist.
They had a public policy poll, that's Democratic Party Group, out last week saying, do you
believe in the imaginary new world order? And then like shocking one third believe in
the imaginary new world order. I mean, it's like saying, a third believe in the imaginary
Atlantic Ocean.
I mean, it's like you're informed and you're smart, and people marvel at it. I mean, so
much of why we have a problem in this society is people aren't really stupid. They're ignorant,
and they're lazy, and they don't want to know. I mean, I sit there and people watch. I went
and swam in the river yesterday, and after I was drying off, I watched people for about
ten minutes sitting there drying off before I got in the car.
I shot a video report as well while I was drying off. It's of ants and men is the name
of it. And I watched how insecure men are, big tough looking men and women with their
kids. And just everybody's so scared of what people think of them and how they look, and
it's just such chains.
There's incredible chains on people to where they can laugh at you and go, you believe
in authoritarianism, it doesn't exist. Let's laugh at Charlton Heston, he believed in freedom.
And a normal person, a well-adjusted person, looks at that and says, look at that sophomoric
propaganda. But the propaganda is sophomoric because it's targeting sophomoric arrested
development people.
We had the Secret Service show up here again this morning, and none of the managers were
there. Rob do works for about seven or eight at night, so he gets here at 1030. I was actually
here, I was actually taking a shower, because I went to exercise this morning. I got a shower
back there. And Tim Frugier was over on the other side, so they just told him, yeah, Alex
should be here in ten minutes.
I was actually there about two minutes. And I come back out there because they have a
subpoena for an idiot that went on the Infowars.com comments and said he wanted to go after somebody,
I don't know what yet. And I told people, and I said, they didn't come back in ten minutes,
of course, and they got sheriff deputies driving around the parking lot right now.
And let me tell you how government works. If they can get you to not take a subpoena,
they'll go say we didn't take the subpoena, and then SWAT team us and grab all our computers,
try to shut us down for a while. Now if somebody else up above them will say don't do that,
don't give Alex Jones attention.
See, I'm not worried. I'm not worried, whatever happens to me, I'm trying to do the right
thing for the children, the million plus children that CPS takes every year and rapes and jostling
elders where they teach them how to masturbate. I mean, it's a pervert guilt. I mean, you
think I'm worried about my life?
I know you've got kids pinned down all over the country, raping the daylights out of them
right now. And I feel guilty that I'm not kicking down doors, stopping them right now,
and I just sit here trying to wake people up. You think I care? You think I'm worried
about you? You think I'm like you, a coward, a sack of garbage? You think I'm like you?
I'm not like you. I'm a red-blooded person who is not even near good, but that simply
doesn't wanna hurt innocent people.
You people are a bunch of delusional scum. And I'm gonna tell you something, society
is going to collapse. This country is going to be judged. So you have all your parcel
birth abortions and you shoot your kids up and watch them have convulsions and brain
damage them. This country is run by psycho killer demons, folks. That's all I gotta tell
you. That's all I gotta tell you.
And you know what? I seem crazy to people because I'm awake and I see it. That's why
at first it's just so shocking he yelled at Piers Morgan. We don't need to be like that
and say I know you want my guns because you wanna enslave me. But you notice nobody else
invited me on. You notice everybody else is scared to death.
And I went down and confronted Piers Morgan when he was in Houston, walked in behind the
scenes, there's video of it. And he jumped when he saw me and then later off camera,
his people said, no, no, it was the highest ratings we ever got. It's on record, but we're
not gonna have you back on. We're trying to get you back on.
But Piers and higher ups, this is with the producer in front of my crew, the hires up
just say it's giving you too much attention. Exactly. If I was losing, they would have
me everywhere. I'd be sticking my tongue out on the cover of Time magazine. But ladies
and gentlemen, we're not losing. And we're not winning because we're something special.
We're winning because we've got a pulse and we're not pure evil. That's all you gotta
do is be able to recognize good versus evil. Two plus two equals four. If you can do that,
if you can just recognize the evil running rampant all over the place.
If you can simply recognize that and simply understand that, then everything else falls
into place. But if you can't recognize that we're in deep trouble, you'll never recognize
it as stuff gets worse and worse. You've already said nothing's wrong. So you'll go down with
the ship. You won't even fix the holes in the ship because you're a delusion. Do you
suffer from low functioning adrenal or thyroid gland? Did you know that mercury from your
dental fillings comes off your teeth both as a vapor and as metal particles into your
body? Wherever mercury deposits in your body, it stops cells from functioning normally.
Animal studies show that mercury causes kidney function to drop by 60 percent. Mercury deposited
into your adrenals or thyroid will cause a corresponding drop in function. The number
one method by which your body detoxifies itself of mercury is glutathione. The number one
superfood that helps turn on all 75 trillion cells in your body to produce glutathione
is non-denatured whey protein from grass-fed cows. After investigating most high-end whey
proteins on the market, only one is the most non-denatured, the most active, the most complete,
and in our opinion, the most powerful, in what nature originally put into the fresh
raw whey. It is One World Whey. Call 888-988-3325. That's 888-988-3325. Or visit OneWorldWhey.com.
That's OneWorldW-H-E-Y.com.
You've heard about our MRE Smorgasbord. Now, Long Life Food Depot introduces the most unique
safe and longest-lasting way to stash emergency food, the EatPod. Most survival food products
recommend an ideal storage environment, including low temps, low moisture, and low oxygen. If
you're storing in a basement too humid, garages and attics too hot, but the waterproof double-walled
high-density polyethylene patent-pending EatPod is a unique roll-away food bunker that creates
the perfect conditions, can be buried up to 30 feet, and can keep your survival food supply
safe, secure, dry, and virtually undetectable for 25 years or more. Get full details on
the EatPod at EatPod.com, spelled E-A-T-P-O-D.com, or call 800-601-2833. That's 800-601-2833.
The EatPod from Long Life Food Depot. Since 1983, sending real food to your real future.
HempUSA.org has a revolutionary wonder food for detoxing the body and rebuilding the immune
system. Micro Plant Powder can help unplug arteries and soften heart valves while removing
heavy metals, virus, fungus, bacteria, and parasites. Plus, it cleans and purifies the blood,
lungs, stomach, and colon. Keep your body clean with Micro Plant Powder. Order today at
888-910-4367 or visit HempUSA.org.
Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered why banks, stockbrokers, investment advisors
won't talk about gold IRAs? They've been available since 1986, yet the financial industry
won't recognize the value of gold for your retirement. Gold is outperformed paper investments,
yet no word about IRAs. If you would like to have gold for your retirement, call 800-686-2237.
Don't get left behind by rising inflation and low returns, call 800-686-2237. Secure
your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
Curious about what comes next? Next is the feeling of vulnerability you get after you
arrive home to discover your house has been ransacked by burglars. Fool the bad guys with
a new improved fake TV. You asked for it, we listened, and we made our new fake TV three
times brighter than our previous model. The brightness of our new fake TV is equivalent
to a 40-inch TV. It simulates the color and motion of a real TV while you're away from
home. And when burglars think someone is home watching television, they're likely to pass
your house and move on to an easier target. The new, brighter fake TV is only $39.95 and
includes free shipping. Go to faketv.com or call 1-877-5FAKETV. That's 877-532-5388. Or
go to faketv.com. Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
Right now, in Egypt, in Libya, in Syria, NATO, CENTCOM, U.S. military forces are arming and
trading Al Qaeda who are blowing up and burning churches as we speak. New videos every day
of Christian families begging as their heads are chopped off, as mosques are burned to
the ground, and Al Qaeda has given U.S. satellite data to carry out the operations.
Now, see, I guess that is spooky what I just said. It's true because our government is
gone, ladies and gentlemen. It's totally taken over by foreign mega banks that are completely
disconnected from reality and get away with anything they want. And China's pure evil,
Russia's pure evil, it's all evil. Having a country not completely run by evil is
extremely rare. I got the famous basketball player Mike Glenn known as The Stinger coming
on, really interesting guy, so I wanted to get him on and talk about a host of issues.
Antonio Buehler. Buehler is gonna be in studio with us. Yep, Austin says you can't film police,
you'll be indicted. They spin it and say, well, he was interfering with the police.
Yeah, they run over and start grabbing on his camera. And so they've had a grand jury
and die him. And they tried to tell me three weeks ago we couldn't hand out magazines
in Austin. I don't have to drive far now to see National Guard running checkpoints at
traffic control in Austin.
I don't have to go far to find TSA doing checkpoints, searching bags and cars without warrants.
I can just go like two miles from here. Told you it was coming 12 years ago, but now I
can just go down and show you. And then I know what else is gonna come. And then the
weird Enviro inspectors with their badges, the little green uniforms and badges, are
gonna order their way into my home.
And if I tell them they can't come, well, they'll just come with a SWAT team and kill
me. Cuz they're the good guys. Now they get on the news and tell me my kids belong to
them. I knew their textbooks have said that forever, but now they're just openly saying
it. And the yuppies will just go whenever they think it's popular.
The state runs kids? Well, here's my kids. You'll arrest me if I don't take shots? There's
no law? But even if there was a law, it'd be unconstitutional. Okay, fine. Lie to me
and say it's the law, I gotta take shots. I mean, it's criminals have gotten away with
everything and now they're gonna take your pension fund.
By the way, that's being announced that they're gonna take rich people's pension funds of
after tax money, only the rich people of course. And when they're done, they'll get your money
too. This is the season of the takeover though. 100 plus million people out of work, 50 million
on food stamps, and that number's gonna just increase until they got everybody on the dole.
You'll either work for the government, or you'll be a bureaucrat with the government,
or you'll work for a corporation that's fed by the government, or you'll be on welfare.
And who do they demonize in all the homeland security and FEMA training manuals? Conservative,
libertarian, returning veterans, gun owners, Christians. It says evangelical Christians,
Christian Catholics, period, you're with Al-Qaeda, Fox News.
While I was sent from Phoenix in 1999, a famous FBI training manual for police and it said,
those that believe in the Constitution, those that call themselves constitutionalist, or
make frequent references to the Constitution, they are terrorists. And if you see someone
talking like that, call the FBI.
And you can turn on now the sitcoms and dramas, and every show, if somebody talks about their
rights, everybody laughs at them and points. And the public is so peer pressure driven,
well, I better not, someone will laugh at me. That's the end of the world. You shouldn't
fear cowardly jellyfish who don't have their own opinion because they're so dumbed down,
them laughing at you.
It's like having a, do you get mad when a squirrel taunts you and barks at you and laughs
at you? Squirrels do that, they actually kind of have their own laugh. I mean, do you get
mad when a squirrel? No, it's a squirrel, who cares about it? I mean, do you care when
some victim? It'd be like if you had some mentally ill victim laughing at you on the
side of the street corner, you see schizophrenics talking to themselves, laughing. Like, don't
laugh at me, you're schizophrenic. I feel bad, you're laughing at me.
And that's what it is. I mean, you've got mentally ill people trained to accept total
tyranny. And then if they laugh at you, I mean, I heard callers on the radio going,
aha, you Republicans are mad, we got Obamacare. Aha, and they laugh like their team's winning.
It's like a football game when the Republicans wrote the Obamacare.
We're on the march, the empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system,
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're
sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's
a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power, so even if the grid
goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed. Getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is also ridiculously
easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger into
your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever
you go. You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
In the last two years alone, the U.S. has seen huge losses to our food supply. In 2011,
storms and floods raged across the U.S., costing us $20 billion in lost crops alone. In 2012,
we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years. You may think out of
sight, out of mind, and so you don't think you will be affected. The fact is, you are.
We all are. Food shortages drive prices up for everyone. You might not be able to control
Mother Nature, but you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability
of your food supply with eFoods Direct. Be prepared before you need it with nutrient-dense
food you can store for up to 25 years. You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed
you. Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best, durable foods out there from
eFoods Direct. Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward
slash Alex and check out their spring specials. Again, that number is 800-409-5633 or on the
web at eFoods Direct dot com forward slash Alex. You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
I had tried everything. I'd cut back the amount of food I was eating. I was lifting weights
and jogging, but nothing was working. My body was literally starving for minerals and trace
elements as well as key vitamins. And as soon as I had that, I immediately could eat half
of what I was eating previously and be satisfied. Now there are hundreds of great products at
info wars team dot com, but I want to point out the three that have helped me lose 37
pounds in just two months. Products like Beyond Tangy Tangerine, Holland Burst and Rebound.
When I started taking the Tangy Tangerine and other products every day, I lost more
than 37 pounds in just two months. Now that's results. I want to challenge my listeners
to go to info wars team dot com and to order just three of their products. And you will
see the changes in the way you look, feel and in your appetite almost immediately. Start
your journey to health and wellness today. Info wars team dot com.
We now take you live to the Central Texas command center in the heart of the resistance.
You're listening to The Alex Jones Show. Well, Dan Bongino is a now retired senior
Secret Service agent that led details all over the world with Obama and others. And
he's going to be joining us. He's a pro Second Amendment guy. There's also a funny conspiracy
about him out there on the Internet. So we'll we'll be we'll be talking. We were just laughing
during the break talking about it. So we're gonna be talking to him here in just a moment.
First off, ladies and gentlemen, I want to encourage all of you to remember the show
is growing by leaps and bounds because you are spreading the word and we're here defending
the Bill of Rights, the Constitution. When you buy propure water filters with 10 percent
off of promo code water, you don't just get a great water filter at the lowest price.
You also. Reaching over here to get my survival seed vault, you also save a ton of money and
we also have the lowest price out there on the survival seed vault. Great way to start
your garden, your summer garden, your fall garden. Little late to the spring garden.
This is one of the best products out there. But we're carrying a whole line of seeds that
for a year we've been investigating, looking at six different great products right now
in Infowars store dot com. And when you go to Infowars store dot com and shop with the
good guys, that allows me to hire reporters, video editors to make more films, do the nightly
news, to have more researchers for the radio show.
So again, ladies and gentlemen, you can also support the broadcast with Operation Sleeping
Giant, where you can get a membership for $5.95 a month to see the nightly news, the
video of the daytime show, all my films. Ten years up and running with prison planet dot
TV or Infowars news dot com. And it is 11 memberships for the price of one. So you will
get one membership, create a generic username and passcode.
You can share it where 11 people can be simultaneously logged on to watch the Infowars nightly news
and so much more. Great way to wake people up and support our operation and pay for the
bandwidth. Prison planet dot TV. And yes, this is the best deal we've got of all the
seeds on the site. Survival seed vault, garden in a can. It is just thousands and thousands
of seeds, just a massive variety of non GMO, non hybrids. So they produce their own seeds
later as you can replant. It's all there. Check it out. Infowars store dot com. Or if
you have questions or want to order via the phone, 888-253-3139.
Now, I think it's best to introduce our guest this way. This is our guest who recently retired
to go into the private sector from the Secret Service, Dan Bongino, talking about the Second
Amendment, extremely impassioned defense of our most basic of rights.
That flag represents something. Men and women have died horrible deaths. Horrible deaths,
my uncle being one of them. Shot in the back in Vietnam to protect your very right. We
live in a society of wolves. You do not fight back by creating more sheep.
Our next guest says there is no such thing as gun control, only people control. You just
saw him giving a passionate speech at a rally in Maryland. Joining us now is former Secret
Service agent Dan Bongino. Dan, thanks a lot for joining us. What do you mean there's no
such thing as gun control, only people control? Tell me what that means.
Tucker, this is part of your ideological ploy by this administration. They're not being
authentic with America, whether it's the sequester healthcare or the gun control issue. What
they do is they manipulate an emotional crisis, a national emotional crisis, to further an
ideological agenda, which involves the evaporation, the slow disintegration of your civil rights,
your liberties, your ability to live and let live. And it's a disturbing pattern that,
frankly, is really starting to get under my skin.
All right, there you go, and it's under my skin. Dan Bongino joins us. And again, I saw
this clip a while back and said that's the type of Secret Service or people in government
period we need. That's founding father type statements we're hearing. Bongino.com is his
website. He's now left the Secret Service happily to start his own private high profile
client list dealing with crisis and assessment mitigation. And he, again, graduated with
honors out of the Secret Service Academy back in 99. He's run high profile operations all
over the world with the POTUS, and so he's a senior guy when he left. And we're excited
to have him on with us. And it's good to see people out there defending the Second Amendment
so eloquently. So Dan, good to have you on with us.
Great to be here. Thanks for having me.
Wow. So much is going on in the world. What do you make of now the move to have some of
the victims of the parents on Air Force One with Obama of Sandy Hook?
Well, listen, these are unfortunately, you know, these parents were subject to an unspeakable
tragedy. I think everybody's life changed. Everybody knows where they were when they
heard about these events in Sandy Hook. I know I was actually driving to a funeral for
a family member, which just compounded my misery. But, you know, Alex, guns don't have
rights, you know, people do. And that's one thing that's been lost in this. You know,
this is not about gun control. He's manipulating those folks and using them as political props
to further an agenda that really has nothing to do, unfortunately, and I mean that, with
actually preventing events similar to that from happening again, there are ways to stop
any Sandy Hooks from happening in the future. But the president's really not interested
in those. He's interested in political games, and that's what he's doing right now.
And that's why I wanted to get you on the Secret Service, probably the leading experts
worldwide in protecting a high profile individual like the president that could have governments,
terrorists, you name it, wanting to target them. What would you do as an expert to protect
the schools?
Right. You know, what's good for the goose is not good for the gander at these situations.
You know, what model of security that you know of, what model of security involved,
you know, unarmed security and all these kind of nonsensical measures, gun-free zones. How
come we don't do that when I was a Secret Service agent around the president? Well,
you know, we don't need guns here, folks. We're just going to declare a gun-free zone
360 degrees around the president and walk around. If I were to say that, your listeners
right now are probably laughing, like that's ridiculous. Of course, but it's not ridiculous
when it comes to your kids. I mean, that's exactly, I just described to you exactly the
security situation that your benevolent class of politicians, these so-called angels, and
I use air quotes there, are prescribing for your children. No system that defends their
kids, by the way, just yours. Now, you have things, armed school security, man traps,
which we have situations where you can put, they call it a man trap, a door that won't
open until another door closes one person at a time at school. You have things like
entering mental health records into nicks. Now, I'm a libertarian, so I'm always careful
with that, but mental health records that have been vetted through some judicial review,
entering them into nicks, which is the gun check background system. You have harsh penalties
for criminals who misuse firearms. I mean, there are real things that have worked. None
of them are in this legislation at all. This is, again, guns don't have rights. People
do. They are taking away your rights. There's nothing to do with guns at all. This is a
simple political ploy to get you all to applaud while your civil liberties continue to dissipate
like an Alka-Seltzer tablet, a bad drink of water.
Well, expanding on that, we have the FBI crime statistics that are the model of statistics
worldwide, because so many statistics are bogus, but these are 80 years old, where they
collect them from thousands of jurisdictions. And 49% drop in violent crime since 1991,
and they directly draw the line to the proliferation of the Second Amendment. And the fact that
criminals are scared in places like Texas or Arizona to break in somebody's house because
they know there's a gun on the other side.
But in Chicago or New York, where they've disarmed the people, the crime rates are the
highest in the world. In Chicago, even worse than Mexico, the murder capital is a country.
I mean, the proof is right there. My own police chief here in Austin says, hey, you shouldn't
have high-capacity mags, and you're with the criminals if you do that. Well, criminals
are gonna have high-capacity mags regardless. And so, well, what do you say to those numbers?
Right. Well, I can give you an on-the-ground example of this. I was a police officer with
the NYPD and a Secret Service agent for a combined 16 years, 12 in the Secret Service
with the NYPD. Alex, I never, ever arrested a criminal or investigated a criminal or,
frankly, heard of an agent or a cop who was investigated or arrested, someone who had
a gun legally. I'm not saying legal gun owners occasionally are not involved in crimes. But
the thing is, it's so exceedingly rare that to forfeit away your civil liberties for a
group of folks, legal gun owners, that are not the problem seems to me like an obvious
scam. It's a scam. You know, they're called lawbreakers for a reason. Alex, they don't
give a damn, pardon my language, about the law. They don't care. They are not interested
in your magazine limit. As a matter of fact, you don't determine the amount of ammunition,
amount of rounds you need in your firearm to defend yourself in a gunfight. Not you,
not a bureaucrat. The bad guy attacking you does. When he stops shooting, then you're
done too. Nobody, they have a bureaucrat like a Dianne Feinstein, so disingenuously, who's
defended by men with guns, by the way, claim that if you're a talented shooter, whatever
her ridiculous words were, you only need less than 10 rounds. It's so ridiculous that to
any common sense thinking individual, you would almost laugh hysterically if you could
evaluate this outside of the emotions attached to the issue. This is only going to impact
law-abiding gun owners who have done absolutely nothing wrong. They just want to live and
be left alone by a government just absolutely obsessed with a further encroachment on your
civil right.
It's amazing. And then you see Bloomberg, who has up to 15 people on his quote security
detail, and then they'll even rough people up, cameramen that come up and ask him questions.
I mean, it's clear the government wants to have the monopoly of guns, just like the greatest
mass murderer in history said, political power goes out of the barrel of a gun. Mao Zedong
wasn't for government gun control. What do you make, and again, he was a senior secret
service agent when he retired to go into private security practice. Dan Bongino joins us. What
made you leave the secret service and decide to go into the private sector?
Well, I resigned. I wish I had retired. I would have been able to keep my health benefits
and pension and all of that. My wife and I took an enormous financial hit. You know,
Alex, there comes a point in your life where you have to determine. My father said to me
when I was younger, fight the good fight. And I said, well, what's the good fight?
He said, well, that's for you to determine. And he got that from two Timothy 4-7. I fought
the good fight. I ran the race. I've kept the faith. I knew my good fight was this one.
Our ideological battle and our generation is not what we went through in the Civil War,
you know, defending the country and abolishing the scourge of slavery. It's not our revolution
where we fought for the very ideas of limited government freedom. That's not it. But we're
fighting now with an ideology, a pernicious, dangerous, and historically deadly ideology
that says that other men and women have been imbued with some special powers to reign over
your life and take your liberty and to move forward. And this is somehow a benevolent
way, knighted by the Lord himself, that these men should take control of your life. This
is our fight. This is our time. I left because I knew that was my fight. And I knew with
the Hatch Act and it would be unfair and it would be disingenuous to sit there and have
to listen to any more of these speeches. And I would have died for the President of the
United States no matter what. It's not a political thing. We're not a banana republic
here. We're not a third world country. We do our damage at the voting booth. But I couldn't
contribute to this anymore. You were either in this fight or you were not, folks. And
if you are not, you are going to rue the day that you let this happen and know that today
is the best it was ever going to be, that your children had less than you have and have
no American dream because you refused to get in this fight. This is it. Right now, you're
at the event horizon. Action matters.
Wow, I like this, what you're saying. You're absolutely right. We're at the crossroads.
Now, the future of this country has been set. Have you seen the video that started airing
as a promo last week? Our MSNBC host, in fact, cue that up, guys. MSNBC host says your kids
belong to the collective. Have you seen that?
I've heard of it. I didn't see the video, but I know exactly what you're speaking. I
was afraid to watch it for obvious reasons.
But I mean, it's so over the top how authoritarian and the Democrats have become because I'm
not even a Republican. I'm more of a constitutional libertarian. I mean, these people, I've read
a lot of history books. I mean, these people are really creepy. And I'm having to argue
with my wife, who's got a degree in French and history.
She's wanting to get out of the US. And I respect the fact that, obviously, you left
the Secret Service. You can run for office and try to fight this. We should talk about
that. But I mean, it's just the creepy meter is broken. It's off the chart here with all
the weirdness of these people.
Right, and don't you see what they're doing, folks? They're leveraging, they're not crisis
managing, they're crisis leveraging. They're using a national emotional crisis to get you
to believe things that simply aren't true.
Why is this country different than any country in the history of mankind? Why are we the
most prosperous? Why is today, right now, the most prosperous human beings have ever
had it in this place at this time? Because we were unique. We developed, unique, that's
an overused word, not in this case. Men sat down and developed that piece of paper, that
Constitution, which, for the first time in human history, decide that won in a battle,
decided not to take more power, but to limit their power. They realized that the real power
was in the hearts of individual men, not of government ruling over them.
It was such a unique situation. It was unheard of that we had won this revolution, and the
men who had led it didn't draw up a constitution that made them monarchs and kings and aristocrats.
It made them civil servants. It made them servants to the people. That's what-
They tried to make George Washington the king, and he got really angry.
Right, he left. What is it that King George said after he stepped down after his second
term, although he could have ran, and you and I know this house, he could have ran four
more times and won each time. He said, if this is true, he must be the greatest man
who ever lived. These men understood the danger of losing your liberty, your real liberty,
something you can put teeth in, your economic liberty, your money, your healthcare liberty.
Well, look, they demonize America all day, looking at our problems, but if you look at
other cultures, it's been the best. And liberty created so much wealth that now a bunch of
spoiled brat collectivists who don't dream of building their own world, their own creation,
they dream of making us be their slaves. And so the bigger the government gets, the more
power they have. Let's play the clip of the MSNBC host in a promo, Melissa Harris-Perry,
saying your kids belong to the collective, and folks, they mean to the state. Here it is.
We have never invested as much in public education as we should have because we've always had
kind of a private notion of children. Your kid is yours and totally your responsibility.
We haven't had a very collective notion of these are our children. So part of it is we
have to break through our kind of private idea that kids belong to their parents or
kids belong to their families and recognize that kids belong to whole communities. Once
it's everybody's responsibility and not just the households, then we start making better
investments. Dan, what'd you make of that? What human being on the planet? The real question
for any of your listeners who may be on the other side of the political fence. What human
being on the planet cares about your children more than you do? What? The answer is none.
There is no way that is true. There is no collective. There are groups of human beings
who live in this land at this time right now under this governing system. Alex, there is
no collective. There's no collective mind. There's no collective money. It's individual
money taken by people. There is no collective heart or mind that cares about your kids either.
Well, statistically, the government is five to seven times more likely to abuse children
than any other group. That's the Justice Department's own numbers. I mean, this is the worst group
to give kids to. Look at North Korea. Look at Nazi Germany. I know you know all this.
I want to come back and talk about how we take this country back and what you're doing
over there on your website. Very, very interesting site. We'll give that address out to all of
the viewers and the listeners. Bongino dot com. Very exciting to see libertarian
constitutionalists like yourself out there speaking out and running for office.
We're going to come back and talk about what you're doing and where you see this this political
fight going straight ahead. On the other side, I'm Alex Jones and Paul Ward's dot com.
Thank you so much for joining us.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
Silver soaps just released is our 100 percent natural silver gel.
Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface.
But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera
to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more effectively.
Visit w w w dot silver lungs dot com and click on our store page to find what silver based products are best for you.
That's w w w dot silver lungs dot com.
Was an inside job. Just like it always is. Dan Bongino has got a big announcement tomorrow.
I know what it is, but you can just we'll tell you about it tomorrow. State right run in Maryland.
Well, they shouldn't need it. They're trying to take the guns there right now. I was asking you during the break
about your philosophy and when it all clicked for you. And that was pretty powerful.
Please repeat that, Dan. Well, I was I was sad when it all really punched me in the gut.
I was at the USC campus listening to a speech by the president and I just watched this.
All the 18 and 22 year old kids just sat there and just endless rounds of applause over these just old,
you know, formally, you know, deadly, historically ideas that were just being regurgitated in such flowery words.
And I just could not believe it. You know, I say it almost half jokingly,
but not that it was one of those Star Wars films where the Natalie Portman character says,
here it is, that all collapses to thunderous rounds of applause.
Yeah, this is how Liberty dies. You know, not with people booing it, but with thundering applause.
And you're sitting there. You described it as he promotes total collectivism and the kids are soaking it in your spirit.
I made a decision right there to break with it. Yeah, I couldn't take it.
And I knew it was going to be just a devastating financial decision and hardship on my on my wife and I.
But in order to avoid just embarrassing the White House completely and leaving there, I fulfill my assignment.
I waited a couple of months to not make up because I really wanted it.
I did not want it to be a distraction for my real messenger. And I just walked away.
And I remember my boss being just stunned. But that was it. That was the moment I went back to my, you know, family.
And I said, Paula, you know, I can't do this anymore. I mean, you if you are not doing something, action matters.
You are not part of the problem. You're the problem. You are allowing this to happen.
This whole, oh, I give up. You know, we've lost a few political fights. You don't get to give up, folks.
It's not a golf game. You can't walk off the golf course. The president's not.
This is a boxing match. When you stop punching, I got news for you. The other guy's hitting you harder.
You don't have a choice. This is your. That's right. People think, oh, it's work to fight evil folks.
A total authoritarianism is taking over. OK, that's the way it always works. They're not going to give up.
And if we just stood up, we'd beat them. That's why it's very exciting that you're going to run for statewide office in Maryland.
And do you have children? I have two daughters. Yeah. Well, I have two daughters and a son.
And let me tell you, it's beyond anger. It's beyond disgust. It's love.
But the feelings I have when I look at them and I think of how corrupt this system is, it is a feeling of determination to stand against this evil.
Yeah. I mean, how are we going to look our kids in the eye and say, you know, Isabelle, that's my daughter.
You know, this is the best it's ever going to be. Daddy stole away your American dream because we had a we had a so-called save.
And I use that term loosely at best. Save our economy.
Now, we couldn't deal with, you know, six months of economic hardship for continued prosperity.
We had a steal away. This is the best car you're ever going to drive in. This is the nicest home you're ever going to live in.
This is the finest food you're ever going to eat. This is it today.
And you're going to have TSA grab all over you when it's all theater. Right. You have drones watching you in a Starbucks.
We could the president's AG couldn't even answer the question that if you're in a Starbucks with your kid in the United States, on our our country.
I've got to ask you this. What do you make of the two billion bullets they're buying, the armored vehicles, all that craziness?
The fact that they won't answer the question is more disturbing than anything. I mean, they create their own paranoia.
What do they need that for? Just answer the question. It's our money, our tax dollars. Why in a recession would you need that?
I find it ironic they put out a release saying they were cutting all this training because of the sequester.
Well, what do you do with the bullets then if you don't need them? I don't understand.
They're trying to drop the supply. Yeah, I think it's an economic battle against the law abiding firearm owners who you can't get the ammo.
You know, it's not the gun that does the damage. It's it's the bullet.
People can follow you on Facebook by going to Bongino.com and everywhere else.
Promise to come back on in a few weeks after you've announced tomorrow. Will do, Alex. Thanks for the time.
All right. I'll see about here in the break. Wow. Wow. I like that guy.
You are listening to GCN. Visit GCN live dot com today. Introducing pro one, all of your filtration in one system portable on the go. No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95 percent of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals.
All in one filter element. It is the only one that does it. And out of the gates, we have a discounted at 10 percent off with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine.
Hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your pro pure with a new pro one filter today at info war store dot com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Waging war on corruption. Alex Jones on the GCN radio network.
Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover ups. You want answers? Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
You know, I know I gave the number out and we ran out of time and then I got Bongino on Dan Bongino.
But I'm a good judge of character and I've watched some of his speeches.
Man, that guy is that guy is for real. Doesn't mean I agree with everything he stands for, because I haven't had time to follow his full platform.
He'll be announcing a big statewide thing tomorrow in Maryland.
Put it to you that way. It's just that, man, it's good to talk to people that aren't scum.
Like the like the sheriff of Milwaukee County. Because it gets to me, man.
It gets to me watching the evil just run wild. And then people act like you're weird if you get upset by it.
I just am sick of it. I'm sick and tired of it. And I demand that men wake up and say no, no, no, no, no, no.
Because if we were all doing our job, we wouldn't be in this position right now.
These globalists are evil. And the only thing they got on us is that they're so evil that I guarantee if I start trying to wake up something like Bongino at first, he would think I was crazy.
He said he liked the Piers Morgan stuff and has followed the show before.
But still, the problem is people don't want to admit evil because it would be too crazy to admit it.
Because it's so over the top. It's like if you saw your neighbor burying dead bodies in the backyard,
there have been cases where people don't call the police because they just can't imagine it was the shape of a body and that they saw the guy doing it.
It's learned helplessness. And so I understand why people don't want to believe this because it's so over the top.
It came out for about eight years that Hitler. It was about seven years that Hitler was killing people and arresting people in mass and stuff.
And the U.S. newspaper said they didn't call it a conspiracy theory. They called it rumors.
They didn't use the term conspiracy theory back then.
J. Edgar Hoover put out the term conspiracy theory saying that there's no organized crime.
That's a conspiracy theory. That was in, I think, in 1952.
And I had that one time from some PBS special around here.
We've played the clip years ago with his famous congressional testimony on film saying there's no such thing as La Cosa Nostra
and it's a conspiracy theory. But the point is, is that they called it rumors.
And then it was rumors that Stalin, because even under Stalin, our government, our media was saying he was good.
And then by the late 40s, it was all their rumors. Stalin's killing people.
Yeah, just 30 million. It later came out. The Russians admit, you know, you know what, I just don't get it.
It'd be like if I told my kids a monster's real, they'd say, no, it's not.
No, it's not because they want to deny it. But see, these monsters are real.
So we got a guest coming up and then I'll go to Daniel and Solomon and.
A bunch of other people that are patiently holding Alan and Terry and Shirley.
Am I pronouncing that right? Shirley, I can't put Shirley as a cool name, Alaska.
But I mean, I'm going to be honest with you, I've been pretty crazed lately on air and off air.
I told my wife this. And she's learned that when I do this, like every year, every six months, she's like, oh, my God, something's about to happen.
I'm not going to exaggerate here with you. I mean, I'm just gonna be honest with everybody.
The level of I don't even get chills anymore now, as much as I used to about the New World Order.
Now I get like fight mode. OK, I mean, it's to that point, like it's right there.
I mean, and I guess Obi-Wan Kenobi would call it a disturbance in the force or Darth Vader.
The last time I felt it was in the presence of my old master and to be sarcastic, keep using the Star Wars analogy since Bonjino did.
Now, every minute I was sitting there this morning after I'd exercised, sitting there in the edge of the woods.
And I was just like totally overwhelmed with my God. It's about to get really bad.
I don't know what it's going to be. A nuke going off. Maybe North Korea is about to go nuclear.
I don't know. Maybe they're about to hit Japan with a nuke or something. I don't know.
All I know is my spidey sense is.
Ten times what it's ever been, just like danger, Will Robinson, danger, danger, danger.
I mean, that's all I can tell you. And I'm sure you're feeling it. My wife's feeling it.
Pray to God for protection, because I'm telling you, the hammer is about to come down.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold and weapons.
But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria, viruses, molds and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it the number one choice of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to SupernaturalSilver.com.
Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal-Bend Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth-friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what you're using now.
Or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to GetSimplySafe.com
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed.
GetSimplySafe.com
SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes.
So there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com.
Music
The answer to 1984 is 1776.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Show.
Music
Oh, ladies and gentlemen.
I just ran down the other side of the building. I was having a quick meeting on some equipment purchases.
Nobody in radio or TV works like I do. I'm not complaining about it. I'm just letting you know why I'm out of breath.
This building is so big. With the construction we're doing, I have to go around the building to get to the other side.
I'm certainly not in good shape like basketball players. I just ran down here to get back on air as we expand the info war here.
We're going to go to our guest here in just a moment.
But first, I want to play a short clip of Biden calling for a new world order, which separately the FBI has taught doesn't exist.
You're a terrorist if you say this exists. So I guess people better talk to Biden. Maybe he's gone insane because he's talking to the import export bank about something that doesn't exist.
Here it is.
The affirmative task we have now is to actually create a new world order because the global order is changing again.
And the institutions and the rules that worked so well in the post-World War II era for decades, they need to be strengthened and some have to be changed.
So we have to do what we do best. We have to lead. We have to lead. We have to update the global rules of the road.
We have to do it in a way that maximizes benefits for everyone because obviously it's overwhelmingly in our interest.
This is not a zero sum game. It's overwhelmingly in our interest that China prosper, that Mongolia prosper, that nations big and large, East and West.
We have to level the playing field so the American companies and workers can compete in the world that the competition is fair.
OK, so he's talking about a new world order and that sounds good. Everybody, you know, is fair. Everybody's happy.
Apple has plants that are the worst in China with people committing suicide off of them to the point they had to put suicide nets up.
And meanwhile, the Democratic Party, to a great extent, and a lot of Republicans as well, are so dumb, they don't even know that clips are reusable.
Here's state rep out in Colorado. I just can't get over this saying we got to ban over 15 round mags because you throw them away after that.
You know, you could only use them use use them once the bullets are gone, like it's a disposable air freshener can or something.
So a lot of it isn't just authoritarians. They are up on top.
They actually believe Obamacare is going to give them free health care when on record, it's already doubling it this year.
Doesn't cover preexisting conditions, sets up death panels. It was written by the insurance companies, written by Mitt Romney.
I mean, it's all just one. When he says our interests, he means the big mega banks that want to get rid of the middle class.
Here is this clip. Go ahead.
I do think that we can pass those. And just very briefly, to your last question, what's the efficacy of banning these magazine clips?
I will tell you, these are ammunition. They're bullets. So the people who have those now, they're going to shoot them.
And so if you ban if you ban them in the future, the number of these high capacity magazines is going to decrease dramatically over time because the bullets will have been shot and there won't be any more available.
Diane DeGette, Democrat from Colorado. And I mean, how do you deal with people that really think the government's going to give everything free forever and then it won't wreck the society?
How do you deal with people that don't know crimes drop forty nine percent because of the proliferation of firearms, FBI statistics?
How do you deal with people that think that GMO food is healthy and that there shouldn't be labeling?
How do you deal with people that support the government saying they're going to put aspartame in milk and thousands of other products and not tell you what's in there?
I mean, this is way past liberal conservative, folks. This is about common sense and a society gone mad now.
You know, I've got info worse health dot com, and I like to every week or so get a guest on who's involved with the longevity products that I'm heavily involved with the beyond tangy tangerine, all of it.
And I was looking at a list of people I could have one that are involved. There's a bunch of really cool people we're going to be getting on very soon, including some.
Well, I'm just going to leave it at that. But I saw this thing. I said, Mike Glenn, the stinger, I wasn't even a big basketball fan because I didn't watch a lot of TV.
You know, I'd watch the playoffs with my mom, who was a bigger sports fan than my dad, a basketball.
Well, my dad was always working too hard to get into sports, but I mean, I was a fan of the stinger.
I said, Mike Glenn. And then I went, wait a minute, I've seen him do interviews.
And one time I was staying at somebody's house and read a few chapters on one of the books about, you know, the real black history in this country and some of the amazing people that you never, never hear of.
And then I was kind of at a quandary. Should I have him on about Young Jevity and info worse health dot com?
Or should I get Mike Glenn on about his books, which I've ordered and I'm going to end up reading?
Because I remember going, wait, I read part of one of his books. I had to leave the book there.
And because so many times you're busy, you don't finish a book, even though it was interesting.
I didn't have time. I was visiting some friends a few years ago.
So I wanted to get him on today about also he has a basketball camp for hearing impaired children.
He's just a really, really, really interesting individual. Mike Glenn dot com.
And he's the guy that got so many of the other big NBA people like Theo Ratliff and others that we've had on the show, got them on the Young Jevity products.
And those testimonies are up at info worse health dot com. But these really are miraculous.
But I don't have him on the infomercial. We'll plug it later in the hour and go to some of your phone calls here.
But, Mike, it's good to have you on the stinger.
Thank you so much. It's a pleasure for me to be all thanks for that wonderful introduction.
Just happy to spend some time with you, sir.
You bet. Wow. Where should we start?
Talk about your books, because what's interesting about them is you don't just cover the folks that are more famous.
Some of them are in there. But you talk about just how interesting, because I personally like Buffalo Soldiers, all that stuff.
I mean, black history in America is not exactly what we're taught on the nightly news.
Well, you are so right, Alex. Appreciate your asking me about that.
And Alex, I grew up in a household where my dad was the coach as well as the teacher and my mom was a teacher.
So we were reading. We had study periods even in the summertime.
And mom had this question after the study period. She said, okay, now what lesson did you learn from what you read?
So we always had to be able to tell a lesson that we learned.
If we had a speaker in school or we read a magazine, newspaper or book, she wanted to know what lesson did you learn.
So this kind of stayed with me, Alex, throughout my life.
And after retiring from pro basketball, I decided to write some books and center them around lessons that I learned,
whether they were lessons from my collection of books that I owned, thousands of books that I've collected, rare first edition books.
And I decided to just start writing series on lessons that I've learned.
My first one was I went to my NBA teammates, ex-teammates, Bulls, opponents, and it was titled Lessons in Success from the NBA's Top Players.
And I went to all of those players, Alex, Michael, Jordan, Shaquille, O'Neal, Karl Malone, John Stockton, all of them.
And I asked them what's the two most important lessons they learned to be successful in basketball and life.
So the first book was very interesting.
A lot of coaches, a lot of teams, a lot of individuals bought it.
All the NBA players loved to get other people's perspectives on what made them successful.
And then I did a lot of other history and research through the books in my library as well.
I started writing biographies.
I started writing about the integration of sports history.
I looked at history before Jackie Robinson. I looked at African American athletes that preceded Jackie Robinson,
who were kind of just swept under the carpet, forgotten, and never mentioned again.
So I told a lot of their stories in one of my books.
And then I also wrote on Frederick Douglass the pre-Civil War years of Frederick Douglass and its impact on America and society.
So those were kind of some passionate areas that I've written about, talked about, gone to a lot of places and discussed them,
and really enjoy even exhibiting Alex.
I collect rare first-edition books, so oftentimes I will bring with me some first-edition books
so people can see the power of these books as documents of American history.
For one of my favorite ones is Frederick Douglass' book,
A Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass and America's Slave, written by himself, which he wrote in 1845.
And it was published in the Anti-Slavery Office of Boston.
So I'll take this book and I'll show them when it was published and the content,
but the book itself is a document of history.
So I try to combine all of these things together and make it very fun and interesting and bring history to life
and try to, you know, foster literacy and research and study as well.
You know, I've actually got a painting of Frederick Douglass in there in the office.
We're going to create a new set that's got a bunch of paintings of famous people that I admire.
And I've actually read the book you're speaking of probably 20 years ago.
Amazing quotes and ideas about liberty.
I paraphrased one of them.
He said, liberty and freedom is never given.
It's taken, it's demanded, to paraphrase that quote.
Absolutely right.
What a tremendous giant.
You're so right, Alex.
And it's so worthy of everybody.
It should be a must-read for all who haven't read it in all schools as well
because he certainly was a proponent of that, fighting for liberty continuously and agitating and petitioning
and understanding how freedom works and how things that are not for your freedom work against you.
So one of his first speeches, as a matter of fact, my mom, one of her favorite quotes was this one that I've kind of carried with me
and I've labeled one of my exhibits that it was, as Frederick Douglass says, a young boy about eight years old,
Sophia Old and her husband Hugh had been the people that were in charge of him, had enslaved him,
and she had taught him how to read at his request and he learned a few things
and they were going to show her husband Hugh what he had learned and all of a sudden Hugh said,
hey, what are you doing teaching that slave how to read?
Don't you know that if he learns how to read he won't be fit to be a slave anymore?
So that was a quote that Frederick Douglass remembered the rest of his life,
my mom's favorite quote as a teacher and it was kind of important to me once you learn how to read
it won't be fit to be a slave anymore and it was a proponent of, he said that was the pathway from slavery to freedom
was through reading and literacy and learning who you are, what you are, what liberty is.
Mine as well, I mean, growing up I happened to get into history books just because they were so action packed every page
and then if you know history you know how humans act over and over again
so I can now recognize the oppression and the modern attempts at slavery today that are more sophisticated
like I have all the Department of Education documents and they're in Charlotte Iserby's phone book size book
when she was the head of policy there where they actually planned to dumb everybody down
so they could be brought into a collective and they're now coming out saying, you know, the state owns your children
and the state will control what you do. What's your view on the new authoritarianism we see growing today?
I think you guys are mentioning points there and I think that's why it's so important that we continue to read,
to study, to learn, to look before the surface because Alex you're so right, everything is so short term
surface, look at the top, keep it moving to short attention span so you really never, people really never
look below the surface and see the long term implications and what is actually said and take time to dig deeper.
So I totally agree with you, I think there's so much of that in society today that everything rather than being elevated
you don't have people in positions that can help elevate the thinking, the thought process that goes into
progression, you have so many people all across the page, the book is just, that now is just talking
and there's really not much substance to it so I think there is a dumbing down for sure and even when you read
from people of a century ago you're, wow, look at how they wrote and thought, it was a lot that went into it
maybe more so than we see on a day to day basis today.
Well you're absolutely right about that, I mean there's so many great quotes I just pulled up here of Frederick Douglas
but people might not get all they work for in this world but they must certainly work for all they get
and then he goes on to say, this is a shortened version of it, power concedes nothing without a demand, it never did and it never will.
Yes, that was one of his most famous ones as well and you know he was just saying that you have to continue to work
and to agitate and to knock down walls of resistance and to fight hard for what you want and you know it's a glorious
quote that was very well said by Frederick Douglas in 1857 so yes he has some fabulous quotes, I mean all of his
three books were just fabulous documents of American history and good history books as well as just perspectives on
liberation and self empowerment.
Mike Glenn the Stinger, NBA legend is our guest, mikeglenn.com, here's another one, the limits of tyrants are prescribed
by the endurance of those of whom they oppress, you see they want to break us now with the whole you know police state,
the wars, all of it, Mike what is your view on where humanity is today?
Well I think there's still, as long as there are voices out there, we always have both sides of the coin out there
and I think we have to be really diligent in keeping forth the positive voices on humanity to break down barriers
that separate people, bring people together, show a light of leadership in a progressive way that gives opportunity,
you know supports working hard, achieving goals, believing you can do things, not allowing people to suppress you.
Exactly, but see Frederick Douglas talked about a real progression meaning humans getting better, what about the
socialists that take the word progressive and have now created counterfeits, how do you deal with that?
Yeah it's not an easy thing to do and you have to keep your voice heard, I think Alex you certainly, and the more we hear
voices that show another way, a better way, I think through all these voices that it gives opportunity for people to find
a best path, as long as they believe that they can do it, as long as they have the energy to fight, to push, to achieve,
to learn, to grow, they'll create those opportunities, so that's one thing I do Alex, whether it's through nutrition,
whether it's through history, whether it's through deaf people, learn to be assimilated into mainstream,
I want people to know that they can empower themselves, they can have their dreams, they can live their dreams,
they can accomplish things and the self empowerment.
Well Mike that's what I picked up reading one of your books is that I get the thrill out of teaching somebody something
or I get the thrill out of seeing people excel and there are just so many out there that are so pitiful, they think when
someone else excels that's bringing them down and there are people that have excelled that think they excel by bringing
others down and it's just really sad, here's one more Frederick Douglass quote, the life of a nation is secure only
while the nation is honest, truthful and virtuous, but there's so many unhappy people out there and I think they're
unhappy because they're not building others up, tell us about your foundation and the basketball camp and how many
folks that have been deaf or hearing impaired that you've helped.
Well thanks very much Alex, my dad actually started the sports program there at Georgia School for the Deaf before I was born
so he coached every sport they had there at the deaf school and so I grew up loving basketball and I would go to basketball
camp and I noticed that my deaf friends could never go, I spent countless hours at the deaf school, they had the dormitories
there, I would stay in his classrooms, went to the dormitories, went to the gym, went to all the practices and I noticed
they could never go to camp, they were always sad and the summer I would ask them did you guys go to basketball camp
and they said there was no camp, so Alex I kind of made a promise to myself that one day I would like to start a camp
just for deaf kids because I thought they deserved a chance to go, they were great basketball players, they loved the game
like anybody else did so why shouldn't they have an opportunity to live their dreams and go as far as their talents
would take them so when I got to the NBA I talked about it at several places and as a member of the New York Knicks
I started the nation's first basketball camp for deaf kids, this was 33 years ago so I started the free camp
first I had about 30 kids to come to that first camp on Long Island, New York at Mill Neck School for the Deaf
and then I started expanding it, girls and boys and kids were coming from all across the country to this free camp
and it meant so much to them to have an opportunity to go to camp, to be included, to interact with other kids
to meet pro NBA players, to come inside autographs and take pictures, it was just the best week of their life
so I decided that each year I would have this camp and I would dedicate each week to tell the students this will be the best week of your life
all of our staff members, we tell them on the first day, welcome, we're glad to have you here, this is the camp for you
and our mission is for you to have the best week of your life so each year I average from 80 to 100 kids
and you take that over the 33 years, some years I would do two camps, one in New York and one in Atlanta
now I just do the one in Atlanta, every summer we start on Father's Day, it's kind of a tribute to my dad
who he's passed on now but the heritage, the legacy from him is this camp that kind of lives through me
and so we start on that day and we have kids and Alex is just the best week of my life, I mean all the coaches are there because they care
nobody is there because they're getting money to be, how much money am I going to get, it's all about caring about the kids
giving them an opportunity, loving the game of basketball and just having as much fun as you can with it
so it's a blessing to end my life and I'm just so blessed to have people like Young Jimmy, we give them nutrition
Dr. Wallach has come in and talked to them about nutrition to help their health, help their game, so we expand them
Martin Luther King Jr., the 3rd brothers come in, Andrew Young, I mean we've just had not only basketball players
not only people in nutrition but people from various walks of life, other sports
Roddy White, an all pro football receiver came in and talked to us a couple of years ago
he said I've never been to a basketball camp and certainly never been to a camp for deaf kids, that's one of the best camps I've ever been to
the kids loved him, I mean just the hugs, the love, the real from heart to heart Alex cannot be beat
and so I think it's really a model my camp is where you've got girls and boys, I have kids that can hear also
they have to come to the camp, I tell them look you may have a deaf coach, you're going to have some deaf teammates
but I want you to learn to get along with kids that are very different from you
they may speak different, look different, they may not speak at all
but I want you all to get along and form a basketball team and we're going to play ball
and that's what we do every summer and we love it
Well I tell you people are blessed to be able to go to that and it's another example of private individuals taking action
building their dreams and helping others
Mike Glenn is our guest, I tell you when I saw that name on a piece of paper I said wow
he's doing interviews about health and the things you discovered with that
but I said I want him on about all this other stuff that I knew you were doing
so the stinger, the stinger is on with us right now MikeGlenn.com
we're going to post this video, this radio interview of your TV viewer
you're obviously seeing it now but for radio listeners by tomorrow
we'll have this interview posted up at InfowarsHealth.com if you're a radio listener
and want to be able to see the TV side
we're going to go to break and come back and talk about health issues
Younggevity, you were one of the people that got into it very very early
you've gotten so many other MBA people into it as well
because anything I promote is something I truly believe in
and Younggevity and the products at InfowarsHealth.com are the best out there
but also it funds our operation just like you were saying Younggevity helping fund stuff for deaf kids
I don't think people know that Dr. Wallach has won against the Food and Drug Administration himself three times
with other lawyers seven times
we've had some of those lawyers on, these are the famous cases that allow supplementation period
and I just can't believe the type of guess we get on
but these guys never brag about themselves like Dr. Wallach and others
so we'll brag on them with Mike Glenn, the stinger
straight ahead I'm Alex Jones
we're on the march, the empire's on the run
Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network
you might not be able to control mother nature
but you can control your food prices
by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply with eFoodsDirect
be prepared before you need it
with nutrient-dense food you can store for up to 25 years
you can hope for the best but hope won't feed you
do what I've done and get your own supply of the best durable foods out there from eFoodsDirect
call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex
and check out their spring specials
again that number is 800-409-5633
or on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex
you can bet your life on eFoodsDirect
now that we have moved into the winter season
there is an increased need to support our immunity and health
at Silver Lungs we are committed to meeting your needs
by providing a full selection of silver based products
our most popular silver based products are the 32 ounce nano silver solutions
our 2 ounce nano silver nasal applicators
as well as our all natural silver soaps
just released is our 100% natural silver gel
our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents
which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface
but rather we have formulated our silver gel
using the natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera
to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin
while delivering the silver more effectively
visit www.SilverLungs.com
and click on our store page to find what silver based products are best for you
that's www.SilverLungs.com
it is the only one that does it and out of the gates
we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water
this is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove
pesticides, herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine
hydrofluorosilicic acid, the most common form of fluoride
not covered by other fluoride filter brands
and sodium hexafluorosilicate
get your Pro Pure with the new Pro 1 filters today
at www.infowarstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139
Live from Austin, Texas
broadcasting worldwide
it's Alex Jones
well we've got the stinger on with us here
Mike Glenn, very famous NBA player
for those of you that don't follow the NBA
like I didn't follow it much
and I always like watching the stinger
but I guess people like the guy that's a little bit smaller
and everybody else is kicking their butt
I think that might be what it is
is that why you were so popular Mike?
yeah that's part of it man
the little guy that always shot the ball so well from the outside
that's how I earned the nickname the stinger Alex
and then I played the game like you're trying to live
you're just playing as an expression of who you are
so played hard and played fair
and you know I think people like the way I played the game too
you've got a film coming out that just won a big Christian award
and you're going to be doing screenings on that
the system obviously doesn't want films like this out there
but it's got some really good reviews
tell us about that
yeah thanks very much Alex
it's called the spirit of love movie dot com
the spirit of love movie dot com
and it traces my growing up around deaf kids
and then it goes all the way, goes forward to
by running this basketball camp for deaf kids
kids coming in and different personalities and characters
and going through the camp and having an all star game at the end
where we play against very good kids that can hear and talk
so it's a great movie
I mean so many great messages of sharing inclusion
and it's like the film says the spirit of love movie dot com
the Mike Glantz story
so we were in Texas doing all star weekend
at the Texas Christian Film Festival
and we won the most inspirational movie of that festival
and then we have four out of five dubs from that rating agency as well
so right now we're doing screenings
we're looking for the right distributor
my producer Dollar A is out of Denver
and so we got a screening in Denver in May
we have one in Atlanta coming up in May
and so we encourage people just go to the spirit of love movie dot com
we got to Facebook and all those social media things
Alex said I'm not the best at but we got it there
so they can interact that way as well
well very exciting what you're doing
I mean already so successful monetarily
everything and to still be working so hard
that's what it's all about
Mike Glenn is our guest
I wanted to have some positive things today
now you're also on the sports advisory board for Younggevity
which is by the way folks
growing to be one of the biggest vitamin mineral companies out there
and that's why I chose them as a sponsor a few years ago
because that's seen amazing effects here on crew members
even though it's not advertised as weight loss losing 97 pounds
myself and stamina
because I'd gotten out of shape doing nothing for about 10 years
my mother triathlete
just says it's incredible
and it's all available at info horse health dot com
and your purchase there
on the site of info horse health dot com I should add
also funds our operation to a great extent
and what we're doing
so you're buying from the good guys
and helping us build our liberty oriented media organization
but you got Theo Ratliff and other famous NBA stars in on it
Theo was going to have to retire that's on record
gave him what 10 more years in it and 30 something million dollars
break down your experience with Doc Wallet
when that started and why you promote Younggevity
well thanks very much Alex
about 14 years ago a friend of mine named Bill Oliver
who worked at Fickle Cell
and Doc had helped him with a lot of Fickle Cell patients
with how they could be healthier through mineral nutrition
and so he insisted I mean he was very persistent
and he insisted that I try these minerals
and so I did use them
and it really helped me tremendously
and I started sharing the story with others
and Theo is a very interesting story also
because I was talking to one of the other players on the Hawks
I was doing color analysis for him on TV
and he'd had some problems the health problems
that he couldn't find a solution to
and Theo overheard me I wasn't even talking to Theo
and Theo was having problems himself
he had a detached bone and I think you've had him over
he's probably gone over
got to go over it again it's important
okay Theo had a detached bone in his hip
that was his biggest problem
and in his knee he had bone to bone arthritis
it would swell so big after games they would have to drain it
he had a problem with his ankle
he had a problem with his wrist
and a degenerative disc in his back
Theo was finished that's why Philadelphia
traded him to Atlanta
they knew the guy was at the end of his rope
and his career was going to be over
so he was facing all of these surgeries
the doctors could not help him
and so he said Mike I want to talk to you
about what you talked to Alan about
so we took him out to dinner
we told him he was mentally deficient
he would never get healthy through all the surgeries
and all the things that they were recommending to him
so we put him on 90th century nutrients
he was very diligent
we introduced him to Doc
Theo regrouped cartilage in his knee
his back was fine
they gave him MRIs
they did all kinds of things
and Theo was fine
so he signed several more contracts
he got everybody's family on it
Theo became a big proponent for longevity
and Phil Oliver the guy that introduced me
and I we said man we need a drink
an energy drink a nutrition drink
that we can put Theo's picture on
and we can really share it with other athletes
so we tossed around and came up with the idea of rebound
because it's a basketball term to rebound the basketball
and he rebounded his career
so we came up with the name rebound
and so Doug Wallach and Steve Wallach
and also Richard Renner they all worked with us
and we came together they had a wonderful product
we sampled the different flavors
and we came up with one
there are a couple that worked very well
and had one with no green tea for zero
a caffeine effect
and from there rebound hit the market
about seven years ago and it has not stopped
it's just grown like wildfire
and Alex I'm so appreciative of you
also furnishing this voice
to be heard about nutrition
about rebound
we've seen instrumental growth
other NBA players are taking it
other football players, baseball players
little leagueers
everybody is beginning to see
they can have a real nutritious advantage
that's what athletes live for
we live for that little bit of difference
because that's the difference
well take Gatorade
Gatorade's got three ingredients
Younggeviti products up to ninety
and I mean here's the bottom line
I don't promote things that I don't believe in
and you know I've told people to buy silver
when it was four dollars an ounce
and it's gone up to fifty at some point
thirty something right now
I said get gold when it was
you know three hundred bucks an ounce
and it's gone as high as two thousand
you know the point is
I really promote what I personally
decide to do
and I mean my dad's an oral surgeon
and a dentist
he knows a lot of other physicians
he's in healthcare management
not just in dental stuff
and he says doctors are seeing classical scurvy
with people that are on fast food diets
and you know don't get the green leafy vegetables
no one will tell them you've got scurvy
hospitals don't even say eat fruit
no one will tell anybody
that America has off the chart diabetes
and off the chart cancer
because the fertilizers they're using
have three chemicals
or three minerals in them
not the ninety
and it's not rocket science
that people need the rebound
the beyond tangy tangerine
the polymers plus
all this stuff
and that's why we sell it
at the lowest prices
at infowarshealth.com
people can sign up and get free shipping there
when they sign up at infowarshealth.com
you can sign up for auto ship
and get free shipping
that's a big discount
you can pay ten bucks
and become a distributor
and get discounts
I mean but bottom line
it's a win-win-win
I don't get taxpayer money
to fund my operation
like MSNBC
I have sponsors
and I have products
I sell
that I believe in
and it's very very simple
I look look
I'm the same way
three years ago
hey longevity is great
yeah I know who Wallach is
I believe in it
they'll be a sponsor
kind of sat there
then I watch my wife
my mother
my crew
go crazy with it
and then I finally tried it
more stamina
I mean all of it
one side effect is
I feel like I'm 25 again
I want to kick everybody's ass
but excuse me
but I mean I mean really
my body was missing out on this
oh yeah everybody is
I mean if you can't live
a regular diet
and live here in America
and not be missing
some of those
90th century nutrients
it's just impossible to do it
I don't care if you're an athlete
if you think you've got
the best nutritionists
and doctors and all this
you'll be like the old rat
that's falling apart
with the best money positions
and everything all around you
daily
and your body's falling apart
so he saw the picture
so everybody has in there
I would just encourage him
I take 90th century
daily also
I would just encourage him
I take 90th century
daily also
I would just encourage him
I take 90th century
daily also
and all of these former athletes
Alex that I see
and all the retired players
meetings
and all of these things
so many hip replacements
knee replacements
and they're always asking me
Mike isn't it hard for you
to get up in the morning
sometimes
and no
it's not hard for me
to get up any more than at all
you know
I'm taking 90th century
Listen Ted Anderson
had been to three doctors
he was going to have
to have knee surgery
when I'd go up to Minnesota
the owner of this network
we're on
he would
he would hobble around
all over the place
and then he went on
all the longevity
and the surgery
isn't needed
the pain is gone
I mean
break down
from what you know
from Dr. Wallach
what are the
what are the
what are the vitamins
and minerals doing
and why won't the system
tell people this
because surely
the system knows this as well
I guess they want you to be sick
so they can do surgery on you
or what's going on
Yeah well you're absolutely right
there's
as you know
there's so much money
in the pharmaceutical industry
so many lobbyists
so much money
every commercial you see
you're going to be totally inundated
with all these
messages and images
of this is how you go to be healthy
and anytime you hear something
contrary to that
you just automatically
go against it
I know
that's not what I heard
that's not what I saw
so it takes a really
open-minded person
to empower themselves
to have health
and have a better life
and that's the message
of whether it's history
or science
or nutrition and health
you have to empower yourself
to make a change
in your own life
and so what happens
to athletes
Alex is
we sweat out
all of our nutrition
at an accelerated pace
so that's why
we don't have calcium
that's why our bones
get brittle
that's why they need
so many knee replacements
and hip replacements
it's so common
and then you have things
from diabetes
and other things
because we sweat out
daily
from all the practice
all the sweat
we lose a soup of nutrients
not just one
you can't just take
two or three nutrients
and replace
the whole soup
that you're sweating out
daily
and so we have to
get this message
to athletes
when they take it
when they reveal
we just do it
at an accelerated pace
everybody's gotta happen
for everybody
if you're losing
your nutrients
you're gonna have
some kind of disease
or illness
as a result
from it
it's just a cause
and effect situation
so now we get
a lot of athletes
to understand that
that you have to really
so I have to take it
twice a day
I'm still working out
I'm still maintaining
I'm still very active
I'm still
I'm the analyst
for the Atlanta Hawks
and doing a lot of work
like that
so
like Dr. Wallach
man
Doc is like
the best athlete
I tell him
the only doctor
I know better
than Dr. Jay
is Dr. Wallach
so we have athletes
on it
and they're seeing
the results
by the way
meeting him in person
and knowing
what is he 72
3 something
that's right
and it's 70
yes sir
I mean
and the guy
looks like he's 55
and acts like
he looks in an accident
you know
and showing that
energy
and that
charisma
and the personality
to keep this
to keep this
wonderful company
going in the direction
that it should be
it's amazing
and again
you know
being a quote
my own salesman
you know
to get
to promote liberty
everything
it's so easy
to sell the truth
it's so easy
to sell what you
believe in
I mean
I couldn't imagine
people out there
that are selling
these products
and I hope
people will go
to info wars health
dot com
I hope that
they will take action
the toll free number
is there on the site
because
I just want to
challenge people
to try the
beyond any
tangerine
the rebound
the the
polymers
plus
all of it
the ultimate
fx
the alex pack
all of it
because once
you actually
try it
and then make
yourself continue
to watch
I'll eat my hat
the toll free number
for folks that
want to call
and ask any
questions or
or sign up
for the free
shipping is
888-789-9277
or again
the number
is on
info wars
health
dot com
888-789-9277
now I'm here
ranching
and raving
with the
famous NBA
player
the stinger
who I know
is everybody's
favorite
when I was
a kid
anything else
you'd like to
add about
young jeopardy
before we
move on to
fatherhood
I know that's
one of your
favorite topics
absolutely
I think you
hit the nail
right on the
head and
you mentioned
some outstanding
products
and this
company is
built around
the core
essential
products
are minerals
and if some
people don't
have a ton of
nutrients
they're going
to have to
work with that
and once your
mind and your
body has
been expanded
you're never
going to go
back you're
never going
to go back
to living
without the
nutritionist
going to keep
you healthy
and energetic
and moving
forward and
people are
going to be
asking you
why are you
feeling so
good what are
you doing
I mean it
energy is
attractive I
don't care if
you're a male
or female or
an athlete when
you see an
athlete running
with good energy
you're attracted
and you keep
your eye on
them I don't
care if it's
a lady's walking
she's got that
pep in her
step and she's
moving and
she's got
energy that
is what is
attractive the
complainers the
whiners that
is not going
to be attractive
it's not going
to propel you
and you have to
move forward
absolutely now
not only you're
out there helping
deaf kids not
only you're out
there helping
people with
nutrition spend
a few minutes
about in closing
about your
father because
there's such a
war on fathers
a war on
masculinity in
this country and
so let's end it
talking about
fathers absolutely
thanks very much
Alex boy you
sure hit all my
passionate areas man
we had one
mindset there and
I like to see
fathers like my
father to have a
huge impact on
my life introduced
me to sports
introduced me to
deaf culture left
me a legacy all
I had to do was
plug in and keep
it going the
power the
energy the
foundation was
already laid for
me there's so
many fathers like
that just last
night on the
Braves game they
interviewed Mr.
and Mrs.
Upton and Mr.
Upton played at
Norfolk State he
was an all
American baseball
player he's a scout
now for one of the
best players playing
for the Atlanta
Braves he has BJ
Upton and Justin
Upton and it's a
couple of nights
ago they both
homed in the last
inning to win a ball
game and here this
father was who had
all but created
this I mean this
father had created
two sons that were
playing major league
baseball at a
tremendously high
level so when you
have that kind of
love that kind of
support that kind of
direction it can
lead you to so
many wonderful
things so we have
to recognize that
Alex we have to
take care of
these fathers and
recognize these men
and encourage others
to do likewise
there are countless
examples around us
we just don't
always recognize
them and pay
homage to them for
the outstanding
work they do
well sure I mean
if you look at the
collectivist and
the socialist they
want the state to be
the dad I read a
Hitler quote about
that yesterday and
they say if you build
up fathers you're
tearing down single
mothers single
mothers is some
incredible stuff but
you're four times
more likely to end
up in drugs or are in
a state where the
dad isn't there and
so even if things
aren't perfect it
still doesn't matter
having the dad there
is what it's all
about and we and
it's like you know
having four wheels on
a car the dads too
the moms too you've
got to have those
four wheels and
that's why fatherhood
is under assault and
you just can't argue
with the results of
having a dad at
home you're
absolutely right man
and you're right it
is an assault on him
I mean I even see
cases in society I'm
very much familiar
with you saw Michael
Jackson's there they
will always be
kind of negative he
was too hard on
Michael this than the
other he created the
greatest figure group
baby is in the world
and they've done
tremendous thing and
you look at Venus and
Serena and what their
dad who had this
dream that he could
raise two daughters
that could be great
tennis players and he
went about doing it
from looking at a video
so there are tremendous
things that these
dads are doing and
they're always people
trying to put them down
so I totally agree
with you man you
the fathers play a
very very important
role we start our camp
on Father's Day
we acknowledge that
right off the top we
have some dads that
come who are coaches
that are doing
tremendous things and
last thing I got this
one former pro player
Derek Anderson he was
homeless man he had a
kid at 15 raised his
son I want to hear this
hold on let's let's
let's go to the next
segment and I'm going
into overdrive folks to
take your calls and we
have another guest in
studio stay with us the
stinger is our guest
we'll be right back
Hello this is Ty
Bollinger author of the
best selling book
Cancer Step Outside
the Box I want you to
know some very important
information in 1985
President Ronald Reagan
requested that Carnivora
be sent directly to the
White House at a time
when only the president
could obtain this
world-class healer now
27 years later Carnivora
capsules are used around
the world to keep people
healthy now you can
protect yourself and your
loved ones in this age of
superbugs with 17
naturally occurring
compounds that instinctively
respond to abnormal cells
only without harming a
single normal cell if you
want to stay healthy now
is your chance to literally
wake up your critical
immune cells to attack
harmful invaders that don't
belong in your body call
1-866-VenusFly or order
from Carnivora.com that's
C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A dot com
that's 1-866-836-8735
1-866-VenusFly or visit
Carnivora.com protect your
immune system it's the
only one you've got
Nothing is more American
than Diamond Gusset jeans
100% American made since
1987 soft and broken in
from the start yet more
rugged and durable than any
jean you've ever worn
Have you ever experienced
miss-sized jeans from China?
Well you won't with
Diamond Gusset every pair
is crafted to fit exactly
the same and always feel
like they were custom made
Need a 35, 37 or 39 waist?
How about a 31 inseam?
We keep all sizes in stock
for the fit you need
Looking for a relaxed fit,
slim fit, regular fit,
boot cut or straight leg?
We've got you covered
Buy the world's best
fitting jeans at
Gusset.com or call
1-888-8Gusset
Get free Gusset targets
for the next time you go
to the shooting range
with the purchase of
their new Ranger jean
Use code comfort when
ordering to receive free
shipping and all Gusset
orders at Gusset.com
That's Gusset.com to get
only the best
All-American jeans
and all whey protein
powders we've investigated
and most proteins
you consume are heated
With our true cool process
you now have a choice
with One World Whey
My name is Daniel
I'm 34 years old
When I started using
One World Whey
I weighed 228 pounds
Now after two and a half months
I weigh 182 pounds
This is my ideal weight
I've noticed an increase
in stamina, rate of recovery
from workouts and an increase
in my potency
Call 888-988-3325
or visit OneWorldWhey.com
You know a lot of times
the truth is looking at you
right in the face
If you look at animals
Deer, cows, you name it
Elephants
I've seen this on TV
In Africa they'll reach
with their trunks
way down into the mud
and find the minerals
and eat them
And you'll see deer
go up to certain rock formations
and they just sit there
eating, chewing on rocks
And you're like
oh the deer are crazy
No, their body knows
it needs minerals
And the old timers
and this has just gotten
bigger the last decade
You can get it in Himalayan salt
some of the trace stuff
You can also get it
in some of the clays
But the old timers
across the board knew
especially when women
were pregnant
that you were supposed
to eat clay
People go
oh look at the old timers
eating clay, they're crazy
It's the real
wide spectrum minerals
And I'm done plugging that
We're back on fathers
with the stinger
Mike Glenn
Mike, finish up your point
about the guy that was homeless
Yes, Derek Anderson
Derek Anderson was
a homeless young man
and he had a son
And at 15
he worked two jobs
to raise this one-year-old son
And often he would
sleep in the gym
But he was so determined
to be a success
Practice ball, got a scholarship
Went to University of Kentucky
Won a national championship
Played in the NBA
And that gym that he slept in
from being homeless
as a 15-year-old
is now named after him
And his one-year-old son
that he was taken care of
now works with him
as an adult in his business
And this is the kind of
example that the father can be
And I see it oftentimes
and we don't hear about it
He's the kind of person
that comes to my camp
that tells my deaf kids
that they can be successful
And he's an example
of that fatherhood
starting at age 15
in those kind of circumstances
to be a tremendous success
National championship
NBA champ
Olympian champ
Derek Anderson
So outstanding young man
with a new book called
Stamina
And I just wanted to
praise him as well
since you mentioned fatherhood
and what a tremendous father
he was and is to his son
Well it was Hitler that said
first you've got the women
first you get the women
then you've got the children
so follow the men
And socialists,
authoritarians, fascists
always target the children
and the women
and try to remove men
out of the equation
And we're seeing that
happening today
And that's why
the work you're doing
Mike Glenn
MikeGlenn.com
The Stinger NBA legend
Thank you so much
for your time
And I look forward
to speaking to you again
And if you ever come through
town in Austin
I'd love to get you in studio
I will certainly do that
Alex I appreciate you
greatly as well now
You take care
All the best to you
You too
Take care folks
There goes Mike Glenn
And he's got some big dogs
there in the background
Let him take care of those
I'm going to go into overdrive
Antonio Beeler
You remember about a year ago
got arrested filming
the cops in Austin
No criminal record
West Point grad
The point is
is that good people
that aren't like criminals
are now caught up
in the system all the time
Veterans are having
their kids taken
for no reason
And if they can go after
veterans and people
the sky is the limit
And a Travis County
grand jury indicted him
last week
for filming the police
And Ardey Saaveda
the police chief said
well you can film police
you can't interfere
Well there happens
to be footage
of what happened
Not just from his camera
but from across the street
He's filming the cops
They stop that
He's backing up
and the cops start
going at him
and he says
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
And so he hasn't arrived yet
but we'll
Oh he is here?
He is here
Okay good
He just got here
right on time
So what's going to happen is
I'm going to take your calls
for a couple segments
while we get this set up
that he's going to be coming in
We're going into overdrive
Internet only
infoawards.com
Video streams
at prisonplanet.tv
Thank you for listening
to GCA
Back tonight
I'm host of the Nightly News
Visit gcnlive.com
today
to find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com
use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order
and like us on Facebook
Coast to Coast
Direct from Austin
You're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network
Big Brother
Mainstream Media
Government Cover-Ups
You want answers?
Well so does he
He's Alex Jones
on the GCN Radio Network
and now
live from Austin, Texas
Alex Jones
Alright folks
We're going to have Antonio Beeler
who's here in studio
If you're watching on TV
here's the new issue of our magazine
Look right here
People didn't believe this
when I first reported it
because I was down at the Texas coast
and my crew was being given tickets
and threatened with arrest
and they handed out magazines anywhere downtown
It was so outrageous
listeners didn't believe me
until I got back up here
and showed the photos and the video online
Like I'm going to make this up
I mean sometimes I get stuff wrong folks
or I flip numbers around
or say somebody's name wrong
I almost said Patrick Douglas earlier
I know it's Frederick Douglas
but I mean there it is
getting the ticket
in America
So we're going to be talking to him
He's now been indicted
for filming police in Austin
I mean super creepville
And the average cops in Austin
I'm in all over the country
are pretty nice overall
Doesn't matter
They're being given orders and policies
that are out of control
Let's go ahead and take some calls
in this segment and the next
and Antonio Beeler's going to be in studio with us
Daniel in Kentucky
Thanks for holding brother
You're on the air
Go ahead
Alex, thanks for taking my call
The socialists and communists
in the world
They want everything we've got
They want our money
They want your silver and gold
They want of course your guns
And as we heard
I just realized it's the slaver media
That's why they always talk about black slavery all day
because I don't want you to recognize the current slaver
The globalists are slavers
They fit the definition
I'm going to do a piece on that
They are slavers
But they have fancy propaganda
Go ahead
The most precious thing you have
is your children
And they've admitted that
That's what they want too
And I think we have a president
that is looking for a crisis
I don't know if they want to do this
over a period of time
No, no, they're trying to start a civil war
Everybody agrees
And you know, there's four crisis areas
Maybe this North Korea thing
Maybe he's hoping something happens there
I think it could be the financial state
of our country
We're 16, what, 17 trillion dollars in debt
And Ben Bernanke back years ago
gave a speech
And he said in a financial crisis
he would do certain things
He would bring the interest rates down to zero
He would pump money into the economy
He would let the government buy securities
the Federal Reserve buy securities
One thing that he said that has not been done yet
is devaluing the currency
And I think that's how they're going to
If they're going to pay the debt back
that's how they're going to do it
Oh, there's no doubt they're already doing it
It's just that
It's like a couple pieces of the cake have been taken out
But soon to be the whole cake
And they're just going to absolutely wreck people's savings and future
Which again will force us on to welfare
Which is the goal
You're absolutely right, sir
Another thing I want to make a comment about GMOs
It's through your program and Mike Adams
and Natural News
that my wife and I have learned about GMOs
and the dangers of them
And I'll tell you a little story
Back in the fall
I took my wife in for a heart catheterization test
And I had a book with me
that I was going to read
while I was waiting
called Seeds of Deception
by Jeffrey Smith
No, no, we sell it
Yeah, go ahead
Anyway, the doctor and his nurse
the cardiologist and his nurse
was going to come in
and talk to us before the procedure
And I didn't have it with me
I had it on the little desk
by where we were sitting
And he looks over and he said
Seeds of Deception
What's that about?
And so he listened to me
for about three minutes
tell him the dangers of GMOs
and how the FDA released that
into our system
back in 95 and 96
without proper testing
And so he was really concerned about that
So I think we need to tell the Infowars warriors
to talk to people
Oh yeah, listen, listen
there are a lot of smart people
but they went to college
went to math
went and got their PhD or their doctorate
and they've always been so focused on the system
now they're paying off their college bills
now they're trying to raise their kids
now they're trying to get
you know, home
to go visit grandma
and before you know it
you're 80 years old and you're dead
meanwhile the globalists
have just got all the time in the world
social engineering
we need to become aware of it
but the fact that they'd come out and say
your children belong to the state
you can see the article up at
drugsreport.com
it's on the left hand side
shows you how crazy these people are
Alright, I'm going to do the whole hour
folks, in overdrive
and I'm doing the nightly news
and I'm staying up here until midnight
fighting tyranny
stay with us
only one that does it
and out of the gates
we have it discounted
at 10% off
with promo code water
this is the only system
that in one unit
helps reduce or remove
pesticides
herbicides
chloramines
ammonia
and chlorine
hydrofluorosilicic acid
the most common form of fluoride
not covered by other fluoride filter brands
and sodium hexafluorosilicate
get your Pro Pure
with the new Pro 1 filters today
at mfolwarfstore.com
or by calling
888-253-3139
such as herbicides and pesticides
order the Berkey Lite system today
complete with two black Berkey elements
for only $231
and the Berkey guy will ship your order
free of charge
with the purchase of a Berkey Lite
the Berkey guy is also offering
a set of fluoride and arsenic filters
for only $39.99
that's over 30% off the retail price
call the Berkey guy at
1-877-886-3653
that's 1-877-886-3653
or order online at goberky.com
that's goberky.com today
Hello this is Ty Bollinger
author of the best selling book
Cancer Step Outside the Box
I want you to know
some very important information
in 1985
President Ronald Reagan
requested that Carnivora
be sent directly to the White House
at a time when only the President
could obtain this world class healer
now
27 years later
Carnivora capsules are used around the world
to keep people healthy
now you can protect yourself
and your loved ones
in this age of superbugs
with 17 naturally occurring compounds
that instinctively respond to abnormal cells only
without harming a single normal cell
if you want to stay healthy
now's your chance to literally
wake up your critical immune cells
to attack harmful invaders
that don't belong in your body
call 1-866-VenusFly
or order from Carnivora.com
that's
C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A.com
that's 1-866-836-8735
1-866-VenusFly
or visit Carnivora.com
protect your immune system
it's the only one you've got
big brother
mainstream media
government cover-ups
you want answers?
well so does he
he's Alex Jones
on the GCN radio network
and now
live from Austin, Texas
Alex Jones
alright we're going to jam in some of your phone calls
and have it in studio
and then back to your phone calls
throughout the hour
the toll free number to join us
is 800-259-9231
wow we've got some amazing headlines here
experiencing an erection of collectivism
lasting 4 hours
stop watching MSNBC
that's a funny John Rapoport headline
Ron Paul
launches homeschooling program
my wife wants to use it
he's not even a sponsor yet
but I will get him
MSNBC hosts your kids belong to the collective
we've reposted that article that's up on Drudge right now
it is necessary and proper for the feds
to regulate US citizens from cradle to grave
Bilderberg 2013
probably England, possibly Germany
breaking news there
Senator McCain says
he doesn't understand an effort to protect the second amendment
I mean it's just the bill of rights get rid of it
new DARPA robot looks like a human
ATF to spy on gun owners
via massive database
so I can finally relax into the fourth hour here
I was so angry today
just so pent up over what's going on
because I'm an extremist
that I can barely even do the show
let's take a few calls
and we've got our guest here in studio
not only can you not hand out magazines
or have an Infoworks bumper sticker in Austin
according to South by Southwest
that command the police
you cannot film police now
so they're not going to like 300,000 bumper stickers
they're going to be in the next magazine
that's 300,000 they're going to be hitting the streets in Austin
to be posted in legal and lawful areas
like on your own private property
but that's my answer
you don't like it take this
if you give me a problem it'll be a million next
okay let's go to Terry in Florida
you're on the air
we're not going to be pushed around anymore folks
Terry you're on the air welcome
hey Alex thanks for having me
thank you for holding brother go ahead
God bless you
I have ordered some magazines a week ago
you guys sent me so many more than I ordered
and I appreciate it
and I have my fianc passed them in school
she works at a school down there in the college
she's passing them out
well let me give you a secret
we get thrills
like Johnny Appleseed planted appleseeds
and Santa Claus brings presents
we like spreading info around
that's what we're looking for
that's what floats our boat that Marilyn Monroe sorry
I'm doing the job trust me
I do everything I could
I even write it down with markers everywhere I go
to inform people about it
and I like the job that you do
and the thing I call about is the tax hike
that Obama put in right now
I'm making a $1,200 check
and they take like 400 plus dollars out of it
and I'm forced to get insurance
and my tax preparer told me
if I didn't have insurance next year
I would have to pay a $400 plus penalty
yeah actually I think that's going to be every month or so
it's $5,000 a year penalty
depending and they got some waiver where it's only $2,000
it doubles the premiums already this year
it's meant to bankrupt everything
and of course payroll tax went up for poorest Americans
I mean it's just brutal
but again only fascism with a collectivist bent
fascism generally is collectivist at the grassroots
it could only come with a fake liberal
with a peace prize
it's all part of a sick joke
psy-op that's going on
so Terry good to hear from you thanks for holding
Shirlia in Alaska you're on the air welcome
Hi my name is Shirlia
Shirlia very pretty name
hey I'm from I'm a redneck from Texas man I can hardly talk
I love it but I went there actually twice
well listen you're on the air go ahead
and talk about everything you were talking about earlier
fathers are important because
a house divided cannot stand and that's exactly what they're doing
and that's really sad because I didn't grow up a lot of father
and went through all the hardships so that was true
and then nutrition is true when you're talking about people eating clay
it's a thing called Pica and it's where people have
like mineral deficiencies and they'll start eating things that aren't food
yeah that's what animals do from squirrels to grizzly bears
that's what they do but again that's because they're extremist conspiracy theorists
and so that's why we promote the longevity products at m4shealth.com
because being healthy is a revolution against these tyrants
thank you so much for the call
let's talk to Solomon in Colorado
where the state rep there believes that clips are disposable
so you have to get rid of the ban the clips so that there aren't any more clips out there
I mean that does give us an idea about our enemy folks
they are dumber than dirt
go ahead you're on the air
hey Alex thanks for taking my phone call
good fan of yours man appreciate what you do
thank you
you know I was just listening to you earlier how you were talking about
people don't see the evil going on
well Bible says that we're going to be living in days
where good is called evil and evil is called good
and I really believe that we're in those days Alex
and people just don't want to see what's going on
by the way Fox News on their radio section
posts stuff that basically comes from m4wars.com
it should be top Fox News CNN everywhere
that the army manuals
clearly Southern Poverty Law Center
I can tell the typeset the graphic is from one of their previous graphics
I mean I see this all the time I know who it is
saying quote all Catholics are extremists next to Al Qaeda
and then evangelical Protestants
I mean that but see it's not even a big deal now
it's like the state owns your kids
you will take shots
the TSA will be on your highways
we're buying billions of bullets
and Christians are terrorists
and it's not even a news item
you see I mean that shows you how deep into this crazy Orwellville we've gotten
one the sad thing about it is
America is asleep and the church is asleep just as well
and you know I've seen where Obama wants to try to stop Social Security now
and you know it's really sad for especially for
elderly who has worked all their lives for Social Security
and now for our youth because they have nothing to work for
the model of the healthcare the way it's written
now they admit the death panels now have you noticed that
of course it was written by insurance companies to make you buy a product
and then they can adulterate the product
it would be better to have a pure socialist system of healthcare than this
but see socialism wasn't created by angels
and I'm not saying socialism is good
I'm saying better than this fascistic system that they call socialist
it was created by eugenicists that want to control society
and want to reduce the population
and so you've got these fools
I mean it makes me physically ill calling in to talk radio going because I've heard them
oh you're just mad that Obama's giving us something free and redistributing wealth
when he works for the big six mega banks
absolutely sworn to destroy this culture and this society
thank you for the call
we're gonna go to our guest till about 40 after
then I'll go to Mike
then I'll go to Steve, Chris, Nelson and others that are patiently holding
but let me show TV viewers that are watching
this Austin, Texas government press release
this is the office of the police chief
you guys can just document, Kamen, I have it right here
statement from chief Art Acevedo
regarding Antonio Bieler grand jury indictments
he said we appreciate the thorough investigative and review process
where they told you to drop your case against them
and Antonio Bieler joins us, he's a political activist in Austin, Texas
most well known for his activism and police accountability
which stemmed from his controversial arrest in Austin on New Year's Day 2012
after he witnessed a woman he alleges was being abused by Austin police officers
his activist work is funneled through the peaceful streets project
he found it with the help of other local activists
and that's why they're now indicting him
he is a West Point graduate, an airport ranger, qualified former military officer
with TERS in Kosovo and Iraq, he also works as a teacher
homeschooling specialist, that's terrorist
man, you're a veteran too, that's the worst part
and college and MBA admissions consultant
during the breaks you're out here doing that
Antonio Bieler.com is the website, we'll put that up on screen for folks
we're going to skip this break because we're in overdrive right now
I gotta tell you, here is the magazine
where our reporters, for TV viewers out there
other folks can just go to Infowars.com and see it
look right here, it's our reporters
or our crew being given tickets for handing out magazines
and the police admitted to me on the phone
we've never been told to do this before but we're going to do it
and until I went down there and threatened to sue them
then they backed off and said, we're sorry
which is even creepier, because if I was to sue them
they'd probably just indict me for it
which I guess you've got to be, well now we're indicting Alex for handing out magazines
so Antonio, I mean wow, a year later
because you have it backed down
they are now, everybody's seen the footage from across the street
somebody else shot that
I mean the cop comes at you and is grabbing at you
not wanting it to be on tape
and now the good grand jury
hey, same kind of folks indicted the guy in Williamson County they knew was innocent
I mean so maybe you need to go to prison boy
well they want me to, that's for sure
they don't like it when people are out there exposing them for their crimes
well I'll tell you, but we're sure a free country
did you ever imagine when you were in Kosovo and Iraq
in places you'd be indicted for this?
no, and quite frankly, everyone told me how I was protecting freedoms overseas and all that stuff
but I feel like I'm doing more to do it by fighting the police here
because the police are the real domestic terrorists unfortunately in this country
well they certainly are trying to turn them into that, yeah
and I'm sure, I mean like in New York they would have just probably beat you to death
I mean as bad as they are, it's kind of bad like when
the Austin police are in my opinion pretty good compared to a lot of them
but I agree with you, the EU is totally wrong
and I guess Ace Aveda is doubling down on you
it's actually kind of funny, I mean
when's the last time you saw a police chief give a press release for someone who got indicted on class C misdemeanor
it's a traffic ticket, right?
and so they couldn't get me on the felony because there's six witnesses that say the cops lied
there was video, there was audio, two videos actually
so they knew that they couldn't do that but they had the same face
so they went ahead and got me on four misdemeanors for failure to obey
failure to obey the order of a police officer
but the message, the way the media said was
oh, you're allowed to film, you got to obey and not film when we say
right, they'll come up with an order and then when you don't jump through the hoops fast enough
when they tell you to go move back 60 feet and you only move back 50 feet
then they can arrest you for failure to obey
well my only issue is this
America is being collapsed
do the cops think the globalists that are taking over this country are going to care about their rights
after they've taken yours?
and that's the thing that bothers me the most about it
is they're dispensable, they're just like soldiers
the government doesn't care about them, they'll throw them to the side just like the soldiers
well in fact they hate them
there's nobody they hate more than a citizen trained to fight after they're done with you
as long as you're on their side doing their bidding
you're okay, but once you stand up and become an oathkeeper for example
then you become a threat
well they're really scared of oathkeepers
yep, definitely
now they're taking veterans' children if they get caught with half a marijuana cigarette
imagine, they can also plant that on you
I mean it should all be decriminalized right now
the government ships in the hard drugs, they're trying to put the kids on the hard prescription drugs
I mean what a joke, end it all now
yeah, well I mean the drug war is used to punish the people
and help out the prison systems, the pharmaceutical companies
and it just feeds the system
the more people in the system, the more people in jail, the better off they are
well yeah, people can make excuses about this
but we have the largest prison population in the world
for those that don't know about your case, recap what happened
I was a designated driver on New Year's Day 2012
I was driving my buddy home, we were running out of gas
pulled into 7-11 on Lamar and West 10th
and there was a DUI stop in progress
we watched it, we didn't want to get involved
we were getting ready to leave
and all of a sudden Robert Snyder and APD cops are ripping the female passenger out of the car
throwing it to the ground
Patrick Aborski joined in
they were twisting our arms behind our back in a torture move
and so I tried to take pictures
and when she started screaming, begging me to record it
I started yelling to the cops, telling them to stop
Aborski then assaulted me
started pushing me around
and then because he assaulted me
he had to have an excuse to assault me
so he said I spit in his face
which is a 30 degree felony, carries 2-10 years
but unfortunately for him, there was multiple cameras typing it
yeah, there was a guy across the street
who stepped forward, who had cell phone video
and there were other witnesses who stepped forward
and so I'm probably one of the luckiest guys to ever get charged with a bogus felony
because I had a bunch of witnesses who were willing to step forward
all of them were pretty credible witnesses too
but man, let me tell you, that is so scary
to falsely, because I've seen this so many times in my life
I've had it threatened with me when I knew cops were dealing drugs in Dallas
and they said we'll plant drugs on you
we'll say you stole stereo equipment when they knew I didn't have a criminal record
didn't steal stuff
and then beat me up behind closed doors
saying next time you're dead, basically
imagine framing people and feeling good about it
and it would be one thing if you framed an axe murderer
who you know had gotten out wrong with that
I still wouldn't do that, because then you'd become the devil
you're fighting
but imagine just framing innocent people
like Michael Morton, just with pleasure
I mean they just do it
and it seems like the better a person is
the more fun it is to frame them
yeah, and it's amazing because I was waiting for people to come out
good cops on the inside to come out and say we reject this
to go after the police chief
but Internal Affairs, the police chief, Anthony Hippolito
they all lined up and supported this cover-up
it was essentially a cover-up
and they were willing to destroy my life and Norma's life
in order to protect this corrupt cop
it was disgusting
well, you know, I could sit here and show cops doing horrible things every day on this show
if I wanted to demonize police
but there is a culture in government of unaccountability
I mean it's like the state police that put their hands of the two sisters in their bodies
I mean you could see the woman foisting her hand in the vaginal area
then into the other area
and the state police said well that's normal, this is our new thing
and I was like whoa
I'm not going to go along with this
I mean you're not doing this to my wife and children
and then everybody freaked out about it
so now they've indicted the police that did this
but the head of the state police
and before that the local commander defended it
it shows they're really getting out of touch
and the only reason that became an issue was because the Dodds were willing to come forward with a lawsuit
if that didn't happen
no, no, the state police said we do this all the time
not only is it illegal to do a cavity search without a warrant or an emergency
the same glove
it was disgusting
but not only were
two girls, one glove
exactly
and both front and back
let's show that folks
can you show the women, state police do cavity search of women
and the thing is Hellerson and Farrell
those were the two cops
they were the ones who did the deeds
but everyone in the chain of command
the entire department of public safety rallied behind those guys
not one cop came out and said this is wrong
well I mean that's what the blood draws are all about
they know the beer is there, sit out to the liquor store
sit outside, pull them over
they don't do that, they want you to go drink
and they want to put you in jail for two beers
instead of going after people who are drunk, reckless driving
you don't need drunk driving charges
reckless driving is a felony
but no, no, we're not going to have people for reckless driving
which we had on the old code
because reckless driving regardless
now it's two beers you're going to go to jail
and I sat there, I'm not even going to say the guy's name
but a well known cop, I sat there in a restaurant
with my children
a few weeks ago and watched him drink tequila shots and beer
and it just so happened I then came out of the movie theater
after he did, it was a restaurant by it
yeah, you can just roll the video
yeah, there it is
and I watched the guy go out and get in the vehicle
now I'll be honest, I think the guy had a couple beers
a couple tequila shots, he's a big guy
I think he could drive fine in it for two hours
but I'll guarantee you if they made him blow, DWI
right, and if it was someone that didn't have the magic costume on
they would get arrested for that
well exactly, but my whole point is the heaviest drinkers I know are cops
how do they sit there and pull somebody over
and then they blow a 0.9 or whatever
and then they go to jail, and now they take your kids
now they, I mean it's any way to get us in the system
I'm seeing cases every day where pot smokers are having their kids taken
I mean that's basically revolution time right there
when the cops want to stick their fingers in your butt
I mean I'm sorry to use that term for listeners
but I mean, you know, this is Twilight Zone
I mean I worked as a large animal vet
and when we would do exams on cows
the vet would change his glove every time
a cow gets better treatment than we do
how does TSA do that?
well they're the government
and the problem is that people have this inability to separate the government from people
if people can't do it, if it's a crime when a person does it
and then all of a sudden when that person has authority from the government
they can do it, you know, that should be a problem
people shouldn't say just because you're a government employee
you can commit these crimes
but we live in a society where authority is everything
and people think that you have to give respect to people
and therefore those people on the other hand
have the right to commit crimes
that is completely backwards
in the old days when this country was trying to follow Bill of Rights
if you did have a uniform
you had to be commissioned by Congress
to even have a uniform in the military
that's why they didn't want police to wear uniforms
because they're like, that's the military
but New York started it first
you had guys in suits
and let me tell you, they better behave themselves
or they were in trouble
because people knew you've got to keep that authority in check
it's called a servant, not an official
right, and I would love to go back to the days
when they were public servants
well, again, for me the biggest thing is
I've seen the video
is you don't spit on him
and the fact that he'd try to put you in jail
for what was it, maybe seven years if he'd have got you?
two to ten years
yeah, yeah, so the average is about seven I was reading
so seven years in jail
and they would sleep good
sending you to jail
because you didn't follow his orders
right, to teach me respect
and he told me when I was in the truck
it was just me and him
he said, you don't F with police, you F with the wrong cop
and now you're going to F and pay
and by that he meant you're going to go to jail
for a crime you didn't commit
but what really makes me mad is, yeah, this guy's a horrible, terrible person
and he should go to jail for what he did
but what really makes me mad is the fact that
it's clear, there's no question
that he lied and he committed the felony crimes
that night, and yet
Chief Acevedo and other members
of the Austin Police Department continue to
to support this notion that I was a criminal
that night
well here's the deal, if Acevedo doesn't say turn your guns in
Fidel Castro loves everybody
I mean, he says he doesn't like Fidel Castro
but Fidel Castro says the citizens shouldn't have guns
he says, you know, turn these guns in
turn these mags in, you know, or
you're for the criminals, criminals can get guns illegally
criminals are going to get guns anyways, you're going to use
a universal background check to take our guns
we all know what this is about
Art Acevedo's a smart guy, he knows
he says he wants to come in, I know he listens
come on, let's go
you know, I'll be civil with you
he's a smart talker
but let me tell you, if he doesn't do that
the police union will have him out
so all it is, is that
our local gang is not as bad as other gangs
on average, but they are still a gang
and look at New York
I mean, I've talked to
Austin cops that have asked directions
of New York cops, and they scream at you
I've seen them do it to terrorists
to little kids in a family
I mean, no respect for themselves
no respect for anything, on just a wild
power trip
the cops in New York smoke cigars
on duty, with their hats on
sideways
what does that tell you?
they have no respect for themselves, for their
uniform, or for the people
exactly, because even if you were a corrupt person
you'd want to treat the public with respect
because you want your family treated with respect
we're going to come back, talk about your case
and your website, and take phone calls
Antonio Bieler is our guest
but we can't do that
without your help
by getting the films, bumper stickers
and t-shirts at infowars.com
you will wake up people in your area
and support our operation
as we move to the next level
we need your help
to spread the word like never before
they wish to hide themselves
during this tectonic battle
between the forces of freedom and darkness
you are the response
to the globalist technocrats
and their program of
global eugenics dehumanization
and ultimate extermination
the war is here
it's an infowar
the spirit of 1776
versus the mindset
of 1984
we've lived in this neighborhood
for years, we have an alarm
system, and all of our doors have
deadbolts, they kicked in our door
and were in and out of our house in about
five minutes, the police arrived in about
20 minutes, but they were long gone
with our TV, jewelry, and my
guns. I kept thinking, what if
my family had been home?
The police officer said that more than
85% of break-ins are through a door
and that deadbolts alone don't
stop intruders. The officer told
me to go to easyarmor.net
if we wanted something that would actually
stop an intruder. EasyArmor
reinforces all of the weak points
on your doors and is guaranteed to
prevent kick-ins. I was surprised
with how little EasyArmor costs
and I installed EasyArmor
in about 30 minutes.
Free Food Waste Recycling System from Tereganics
Finally, a way to recycle all your
food and plant waste safely and effectively
and stop using fertilizers.
The EM Bokashi Food Waste Recycling System
Rather than decomposition, the Bokashi
system uses fermentation to break down
waste, so it takes less time to create
nutrient-dense humus for crops or gardens
with no turning and no obnoxious odors.
To learn more and order your Bokashi
online, visit Tereganics.com
and click on the orange button. That's Tereganics.com
spelled T-E-R-A
G-A-N-I-X.com
or call 866-369-3678
That's 866-369-3678
Recycle all your food wastes in about six weeks
with the Bokashi Food Waste Recycling System
from Tereganics.com
Life's getting better.
Antonio Beeler is our guest.
You know what? You're anti-police.
Michael Morton, you know,
they blocked testing the bloody bandana day one.
For some reason, they wanted to put him in jail.
It turned out they knew it, kept him in jail.
That's a good thing.
I mean, maybe they should human sacrifice him
to the government. See, instead of just sacrificing
people like other cultures did, they now
just put you in prison to rot and then let
the violent offenders out. What's wrong with that?
I mean, if you care about liberty,
obviously, that's a bad idea.
Do you, Antonio, do you want to
worship government right now?
Worship R.A. Seveda,
kneel to him, worship
him, and maybe he'll work
with the grand jury to drop the charges.
Well, the first thing, R.A. Seveda is a politician
and he doesn't care about anyone's rights.
I don't want to worship anyone. I want people to
be free, and I don't think that we should
have to bow down before cops or
politicians. That's how an extremist would talk.
Yeah, exactly, and that's what
we are. We are extremists. They paint us
as extremists. The Southern Poverty Law
Center that you were referencing before,
anyone who even invokes the Bill of Rights
is an extremist.
I think they should
exhume the body of George Washington
and publicly, publicly
hanging for being a patriot.
And Thomas Jefferson, too?
Well, they're all terrorists, exactly.
I think you're an extremist.
No, no, no, seriously,
I'm being sarcastic, obviously, before the news
picks that up. What do you
make of all this?
Now America's about licking government boots
and where is your case going
currently? Well, so
we'll fight these stupid charges, and
Norma was indicted as well
on resisting arrest, even though it was an illegal
arrest. So we'll fight these, and then we'll
go ahead and we'll file 1983
civil rights lawsuits against the cops.
But I don't have any
faith in the system working to protect
me or other people, so we're going
out and doing direct action. We're trying to
expose the cops, the criminal cops,
for what they do, videotape them, share
the stories of abuse, and try to change
the culture in America where people
stop automatically worshipping authority
and they start asking questions, and
when they see a cop doing something illegal, they call them
out for it. That's actually an idea.
We could have like
a set of scarecrows, like images
of cops out there,
and then it'll be mandatory
that when you see one,
that it's a felony if you don't
get out and worship just the
uniform. Or we could just put a bunch of
scarecrows with people with cameras in their hand and
just terrorize the cops.
Well, my whole issue
is, I run into a lot of Austin cops
and they say they're pro Second Amendment, pro this and that.
I mean, when they were giving tickets out to
our crew, under orders, later I went down,
they all were like shaking my hand and going, oh, we
think it's bull as well, and we went to
the higher-ups and said, you know, is this right?
And then they said, no, don't do it anymore.
My point is, why do they need to be told
you don't have to do this?
I mean, give people tickets for handing
out magazines in downtown Austin.
Yeah, no, people should stand
up and say, no, I'm not going to do this.
I'm not going to participate in this. I'm not going to
go after people who aren't committing a
crime, and I'm not going to cover up for
criminal cops. They should stand up and say, I'm
going to do what's right, and
I want to be called a hero. I want
to be called a courageous good cop.
Well, prove it to us. Why were they, because
I saw the video, and I'm not a
special forces guy like you
where they teach you how to be
tortured so you know how to resist torture. I guess
that's how you knew that, but I mean, it's 101
to grab the handcuffs and lift the arms up
high. I've had cops do that to me when I'm
not even resisting as a way to cause
pain, I guess, because that's how they feel powerful.
Why were they,
why was he doing that to the woman?
I think he was just trying to teach her a lesson.
He was trying to show who was boss and
was trying to hurt her, and I think it probably
has to do with training, either
formal training or
unformal training. Yeah, what is it when somebody isn't resisting where they
all jump on your head with their knees and
all the time break people's necks? I mean,
and they shout stop resisting the entire
time because it's part of their training. They know
that there are certain procedures that
they need to go through to cover up their
crimes. But why don't they go join
like a jujitsu club or a boxing club
because I guarantee you there's real guys want to fight
with you there, not just jump on some
woman who's handcuffed. I just don't get it.
Well, if you're a bully, you don't want someone to
fight back, and if you have a badge and gun, people are
less likely to fight back. And in Austin,
Texas, you get paid very well to be a bully.
Snyder, who assaulted Norma,
he was only on the force for three years. He
made $88,000 last year.
Patrick Aborski, who's only been on the force for
12, 13 years, who assaulted
me, he made nearly $130,000
last year. That's right. They're on the special
Praetorian Guard DWI detail.
Snyder's not. Well, the point
is the more people they arrest, the more money they get. Oh,
yeah. I mean, I heard
that they make this, the
county makes $6,500 per
DUI arrest in this county.
Patrick Aborski had over 300
arrests last year alone.
Well, you know what's a real bounty? They can make up to
$500,000 on a kid,
and that's why they're now taking people's kids
if they find marijuana on them. They're calling it
a narcotic. Yeah, they've been taking kids
for a long time. Perry did
with those Mormon
kids or whatever in North Texas.
And then it came
out, they weren't, last time I checked, doing anything
went to them. And again, they
always choose some group that people think is a little
weird, but then, oh, we burned
down the Davidians because he might have been doing something
with young women. I mean, oh, good,
let's kill them. That'll fix it. Right, exactly.
Same with the
Ruby Ridge, you know, oh, white supremacists.
So, therefore, we're justified in killing them.
It turned out he
wasn't. They kept coming to him saying, I'll give
you all this money. You just saw off this shotgun.
And they told him, you're a former Special Forces
Green Beret. In fact, I want to get
him back on the show, Randy Weaver.
We want you to infiltrate the white supremacists.
And he said, no, I'm not going to do that.
And so they set him up and then
shot his wife holding the baby and
shot the little kid in the back. Yeah, disgusting.
And Lon Horiuchi was very proud of himself. I mean,
listen, I'm not that tough of a guy,
but I've done a lot of fights growing up in Dallas. For whatever
reason, it was rough compared to this town, which I love the
fact that people aren't getting in fights over nothing.
But my whole deal is if, like, some big
guys acting tough
and, you know, doing stuff, I like
start thinking about what I'm going to do to them,
how much I want to fight them because they're bigger than
I am. It's just an instinct, I guess,
Napoleon complex, you could call it. But
you know, I mean, it's like I'll show you
you know, like Yoda
to Count Dooku or something.
And but I couldn't. But then it's
embarrassing if someone's weaker than me
to even imagine doing something to them.
And then I see with thugs
throughout history, they get more excited the
weaker you are. I mean, you know, these
guys were so manly, you know,
they want to, you know, like go get in a bar fight with, you know,
like the real deal. And
we've seen it before. We've seen the cops
become extra aggressive
towards the smaller women that they deal
with. And Patrick Hraborski has a history
of abusing women. And we're going to
expose that as well. What's your proof?
Well, we have people who've
been afraid to come forward because they're afraid
of the Austin Police Department. But we have
contacts both through direct contacts
and through defense attorneys who know that
this guy has been abusing people for years.
Every defense attorney in town knows who he
is. And we're going to expose that.
And so now they've indicted you.
Yeah, they've indicted me. Fortunately, it's not
for the felony. They just threw a bunch of misdemeanors
at me. Same with Norma. Same with
another woman who was arrested
for filming cops.
You know, I knew a guy who was a
Home Depot manager. He's been on the
show before, but
he got pulled over
and they said that he'd
thrown a cigarette out the window, which
if I remember, he hadn't even done.
And some famous cop, he's like a captain now,
and there's squad car video
of this. And the guy's, you know, he's paralyzed
chest down. He has hand controls.
And the cop goes, what are these? He goes, those are my hand
controls. He goes, get out. He goes, my wife's
got to get out and get my wheelchair. But yeah, he goes,
no, I said get out now. And he
couldn't. So he beats him up because he
won't walk. And then I see these TSA
videos where they say like the 90-year-old woman
get up and she's like, I'm dying
of cancer. And then they drag him out and all this.
It's like crazy people. I
mean, I don't get
I just don't get it. Have you seen the video of them
breaking pro-lifers arms?
I haven't seen that, but I've seen hundreds of videos
of cops committing violent crimes over the
past year because once you get victimized,
you just get consumed by it.
Have you seen all the videos where people are in
wheelchairs and they say get up? Yeah,
there's a really sad video of
a woman who just dumps the guy out on
his face. He's sitting in a jail
in a wheelchair. Well, some of those cases
we followed where they really are quadriplegics,
the bones are like sponge and it breaks
their bones. Yeah, it can't be good for them.
And then they laugh at him as the person's there
defecating and urinating all
over themselves. It's like, oh, you threw
a quadriplegic on the ground? This is the
new I mean, those people should be
run out of the police force. But no, they're not
right. And what all I'm asking is
for the so-called good, courageous
cops to step up and stand
up to these bullies, start protecting the people
from these bullies. No one has stood
up to Patrick Borsky. I want someone to stand up to
him or Robert Snyder or
Martinez, who we saw. I saw a woman
at South by Southwest because she
tried to stand up for her own dignity. What
happened? They were just clearing the
streets at the end of the night and he's like, get
off the road. And she goes, I am getting off the road.
And then he pushes her and then she
stands up and she's like, what are you doing? And then he
wrestled her down. Two more cops
joined in on the assault. And then
you can hear other cops out there saying, stop
resisting, stop resisting. It was completely
absurd. I'll tell you what's creepy is I've
been downtown
to go see a movie at the Alamo Drafthouse
downtown. Sometimes they only show films there and
I won't go on 6th Street. They got some nice
restaurants down on 4th and stuff. And I've
seen cops with shaved heads, Satan
tattoos on them, black gloves.
They're like, get off the street.
And then one time, he goes, hi Jones,
how you doing? I was like, whoa, that's
a criminal. I mean, my
immediate instinct was prepare for combat.
That's a bad guy right there.
And what's
scary is back when I was in college, that was like
the thug bouncers. Most bouncers
aren't bad guys. He's running to guys that were
on it for a power trip where you walk in with a
really good looking woman into a bar and they go,
what you doing, pretty boy?
And that's why I quit going down
to 6th Street. I'm not a pretty boy now.
But the point is, is that
my God, we're just turning, I mean, we
know North Korea, Mexico, all these
other countries, you turn loose, you worship
government. Thugs get in, you
never get out of it. Generations of
slavery. I mean, we're going into this.
And it's really crazy. Have you seen the shaved
head? And I'm not saying everybody with shaved heads is bad. I was
down there talking about shaved head
goons that South by Southwest reportedly sent out
when the cops wouldn't do the wrong thing anymore.
And then the code enforcers
wouldn't do the wrong thing. They then sent goons out.
You know, the point is, it's the
muscle type guy. Some guy had a shaved head. He goes,
hey, what's wrong with the shaved head?
My hair's all falling out soon. Mine will probably be shaved.
My point is, is that what is
this, I mean, if these guys
don't have their butts kicked properly,
I mean, I just don't understand
why they're wanting to dominate people.
Well, it's human nature.
Not my nature. No, not
yours. And there are people, if you have morals,
ethical, you know, groundings,
you don't want to hurt people. Well, it's not even that.
It's shameful to want
to dominate people that are under your control.
Right, but the Stanford Prison
experiment was one that showed us that when you
give people power, authority, and control,
that a huge segment of the population
will go ahead and abuse that. 92%.
Yeah, I
didn't know the number. They began to desire
to kill people for no reason. Yeah, and
you have examples through
military and whatnot throughout the ages
where torture becomes a
pastime for these people.
Well, I mean, it's what happens when weak
people take on the mantle of being men.
You know what you ought to do with the Office of the
Police Department? You ought to, like, say, hey, let's have a
charity boxing match.
I guarantee you it'd make a million dollars. Let's say,
give it to Children's Charity or something.
The CPS charity one maybe helps disabled
kids. I bet they
check it out when they have a boxing match. Would you have a boxing
match with one of those guys? Well, some of those
guys are pretty pumped up on steroids.
Come on, I'll do it. I'll do it.
I'll do it. It would depend. I boxed
in college and the difference of 20 pounds
is huge, so, yeah.
I'm not afraid. Well, yeah, I mean.
When they're in the wrong, you can't stomp somebody
in the wrong? Well, I'd rather stomp them
through direct action, through, you know,
exposing them. Come on, challenge them to a
boxing match.
There's a guy in downtown named Vess who's,
you know, roided out. He's huge and we
saw him assaulting the victim of
an altercation on two different
occasions. That's a guy I don't want to step in the ring with.
I don't think that's scary.
I couldn't even wake up till the guy's twice bigger than I am.
How many fights you been in? You've been in the military
over there in Iraq. Yeah, well,
unfortunately, I haven't been in
any fights in a long time.
I don't believe in fighting. You know, the fun,
I'm going to get into it. I'm just joking around.
Anyways, I just
don't get it. I just don't get men
wanting to fight somebody that's weaker than
them. I just don't get it. Or worse,
men who abuse women, right?
Like they did to Norma on New Year's Day.
They weren't even looking for a fight. They were just looking
to throw her around because, one, they knew that she
couldn't fight back even if she wanted to because she was so much smaller.
And, two, they had these badges and guns
on, which meant that if she fought back,
you know, it would have been a death wish.
And so they abused her because they could and
they enjoyed it.
It's just so alien to me.
I mean, I just can't get it. I just don't
understand it.
Have you noticed that they, it seems
like they promote those people.
Yeah, and I don't want to use
his name because, you know, people take it the wrong way
but in the Dorner Manifesto, which I think
was tampered with, but regardless, he made
the point very clear that the
people involved in the Rodney King beating
are now the superintendents.
They're up at the very top of the team. Yeah, but it
shows how twisted he was from
that culture that he'd go shoot somebody's
you know,
girlfriend to get at him or somebody's
daughter. Oh, yeah. And it just whacked
out. Yeah, I mean, I definitely. And then the cops
burned him up and said
they didn't and burned him up
in front of us and said they'd burn him up. Yeah.
Oh, man, it's bad. I think
the police being out of control is a
manifestation of the culture being out of control.
Yeah, and I think it's really important that
people who are raising children go out
of their way to tell their kids not to
respect authority just because
it's authority. Get them to question
everything. Get them to challenge, well, why
is this person above me? Why does this person
have authority over me? And get them to believe that
they're sovereign, free individuals. And then
when the cops are rounding people up,
putting them in boxcars like they did in Germany,
then people can stand up and say, no. Well, why are you
being anti-police? They were doing their job in Germany.
Yeah, well, that's the problem.
Doing your job is not sufficient. If you're
doing an unethical, immoral job,
you should either quit or resist.
I think you're going a little too far about
Germany and Russia and China.
I think it's a good idea. We turn all our guns in,
worship the government, then they'll treat us
nice. Actually, they won't. People say, well, I
just grovel. They'll be nice to me.
No, no, no. Bad guys will then get in
that like to torture people.
Yeah, I mean, when you give them an inch,
they take a mile. Well, I don't know about all the specifics
and all the cases and all the cops you're talking
about. And again, I'll just be honest.
And I'm not saying this because I live here because
I don't even live in Austin anymore. I live outside
Austin. I've been all over the country. I know you have
too. I mean, let me tell you, the cops are a lot worse
in other areas. Yeah, I mean, it is
creepville, man. Have you been around New York?
I lived in New York, you know,
and it's degrees of bad.
And what I'm looking for is I'm just
looking for the good cops. No, I know, but have you seen it
where like pot-bellied cops have sideways hats on
smoking cigarettes? Well, I've seen the cops
in New York do some pretty crazy stuff.
So, but it's degrees
of bad. And all I want are the good cops
to stand up and start outing the bad cops, start
arresting the bad cops. But I mean, if we let the cops, and then
Art Acevedo will like fire a woman
cop because she punched somebody
who was, I think, on
tape spitting in their face.
So then,
that's a crime of passion. I think they said
she lied about it, but then
it's all about burning a few cops
to act like you're doing your job. Oh, exactly.
And so Art Acevedo will tell you, if
you ask him about it, he'll say, no, I've
fired cops before.
But he fires them because they fail
to tell the truth about how
they committed a crime so that they can cover
up for it. The problem with that female
officer was she wasn't honest with her chain
of command about what she did, so they
weren't able to cover up for it. Patrick
Oborski, he did it the right way.
He stuck to his lie, and he told the
chain of command exactly what happened, and then they rallied
behind him. Have you
run into him yet? I have. I've run
into him a couple of times. The first time was
pretty passionate. I called him a coward.
And then the other times,
he hides his face from
me. He runs away, like all cowards
do.
I think we should handle this by a boxing
match. Have you seen the movie
El Cib with Charlton Heston? You know, it's actually a true story.
No. In the old days, they just put two
guys in our ring with swords.
People were pretty nice back then, though,
because you didn't want to mess with somebody unless you could really back it up.
Well, exactly, and that's the thing. They hide
behind their badges. Patrick Oborski
would never stand up to even
the women that he abuses without his
badge and his gun. Now, come on.
It's not abuse to, like, tackle
a woman. That's friendly.
They twisted her arms.
The torture movie is called Strapido,
so that was definitely torture,
but we have other stories where he
chokes women, where he presses upon them
when he's buckling them in, where he
ripped a woman out of the car so hard
he ripped the woman's sleeve off of the
jacket. And these are not
one-off instances. These are just the stories
we know about with Patrick Oborski.
Tarp, the national debt was at
11 trillion gold, trading around
$850 per ounce. Close to
2012, the national debt exceeded
16.4 trillion. Gold doubled
to $1600 per ounce.
The 20 trillion threshold for the national
debt is inevitable. Politicians
in Washington have a ferocious appetite
for spending and stimulus. What's worse,
a printing press to finance.
A hundred years ago, we had a gold standard
to limit this madness, but now you have
to adopt your own gold standard.
Don't be fooled with paper promises.
Get Midas Resources 10 reasons to buy
gold free by calling
800-686-2237.
Understanding the gold and silver market
may be the only insurance you could have to
avoiding the next economic crisis.
Call 1-800-686-2237
and order your free copy.
Again, that's 800-686-2237.
In the last two years alone,
the U.S. has seen huge losses to our food
supply. In 2011, storms
and floods raged across the U.S.
costing us $20 billion in lost crops alone.
In 2012, we saw the largest drought
in the country in more than 50 years.
You may think out of sight, out of mind
and so you don't think you will be affected.
The fact is, you are. We all are.
Food shortages drive prices
up for everyone. You might not be able
to control Mother Nature, but you can
control your food prices by freezing
the cost and availability of your food
supply with eFoods Direct. Be prepared
before you need it with nutrient-dense food
you can store for up to 25 years.
You can hope for the best, but hope
won't feed you. Do what I've done and get your
own supply of the best durable foods out there
from eFoods Direct. Call 800-409-5633
or visit them on the web
at eFoodsDirect.com
and check out their spring
specials. Again, that number is
800-409-5633
or on the web at eFoodsDirect.com
You can bet your life
on eFoods Direct.
Is this the year you finally get serious about
your family's drinking water? If so, keep
listening for a special offer from Big Berkey
Water Filters. Did you know that over 60%
of municipal water is fluoridated?
Berkey water filters distinguish themselves from many other
filtration systems with the capability to significantly
reduce dangerous chlorine, fluoride,
arsenic, and disinfection byproducts from municipal
water via the BlackBerkey and PF line
of filters. Then there's affordability. At only
1.7 cents per gallon, Berkey
water filters purify treated and untreated
water, even stagnant pond water.
Stop and think how much money you could save by simply
reducing buying bottled water and using water
filtered by your Berkey water filter.
No need to be constantly replacing expensive
filters with a Berkey. A single set of filters can
last for 5-10 years. Choose the best
size Berkey for your needs at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com
And right now, all GCN
listeners get 5% off all ceramic
filter systems. Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY
That's 877-99-BERKEY
or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com
Free shipping on every order over $50.
Big Berkey Water Filters, for the love
of clean water.
Oh, Mike in New York's been holding
for a while, I didn't even read the screen.
Daughter taken due to owning guns.
Mike in New York,
wow, the child predators had
their way with you. Tell us what happened, Mike.
Yeah, thanks for taking my call,
Alex. Well,
it's a pretty long story, but I'll try to
get to the point as fast as I can.
I've been in and out of family court
and my ex-wife's been trying
to get my daughter away from me
and finally found a way. My mom's
a pistol permit holder
and grew up in a family
hunting all my life,
exposed to guns all my life.
No criminal background whatsoever. In fact,
speeding tickets I can count on one hand
how many I have. I'm an ex-vet
which, thank God, they don't know about
inside the court at this point.
It's just, it's sick and
perverted, Alex. Oh, I know.
So, so they took your daughter
because you own guns.
That's the reason. They're demanding
that I hand in a firearm that
in fact was my
father's who is now deceased
and by law that goes
to my mother who is
next in line and I have two older brothers
that are in line to actually
receive that and they're demanding that I
steal, in essence,
this rifle from my mother
to hand it in to them. So check
this out to get my daughter two hours
a week at a family center
under supervised
visitation because I'm a threat to
society. Meanwhile, I have no record, like I
said. Now
has your daughter been handed over to the CPS
PBPs, pot-bellied?
My ex-wife has
full custody over her right now. They took away
all my parental rights.
Okay, so that's what's happened. Yeah, they use that as a tool
now. If the husband has guns
in the divorce, the guns are
automatically taken.
That's what they're saying. They're not saying take guns for mentally
ill people that have been adjudicated, you know, that think
they're Saint Jerome, to quote
Ghostbusters. They are
doing this
literally across
the board and people, you know, I
shot a special report last week, headline
gun confiscation
and mass arrest
have begun and I explain
it's going on everywhere but
it's not being announced like it's a big deal. People are in
the comments going, you fear-monger,
there's no mass arrest. Folks,
they are arresting millions
of people a year for marijuana
and tens of thousands
have their kids taken permanently, I mean
gone. Okay, I mean there are families
on the run because they supposedly
got caught with a bowl of marijuana, you know, engineer
vets and I don't even believe
that, folks. And again,
I'm the first guy to give the, quote, police the
benefit of the doubt but when the system's so corrupt
that I grew up in Dallas
where the sheriff later went to jail
for drug dealing and that's when I was
death-threaded over, was talking about it
because I mean, you know, I didn't like drugs. I'd be at
parties and drugs would be delivered by the cops
and by sheriff's deputies
and
you know, it was just so insulting
to have them then pull us and our buddies over
and I don't want to get off into that whole story.
I'm really sorry to hear,
you know, the cops would pull us over, want to search the car
and I'd go, you deal drugs. Well, we all went to
jail, you know, it was just, I'm going to teach you
respect, boy. Respect, you're a
drug dealer in a
in a
monkey outfit
in a Santa Claus outfit, in a Captain
Crunch outfit. I mean,
it's ridiculous, you dress up in
a uniform even for a
masquerade party and everybody kisses your rump.
I mean, it's about what you
stand for, what you
people wear a suit and everybody suddenly
you know, trust them.
I apologize to all the callers that are
holding, I've got to end this four-hour transmission
I'm doing the nightly news tonight, 7 o'clock central
if you're not a PrisonPlanet.tv
member, you're crazy. The system does not
want this going out, I hope you realize that
and it's your support of
Infowarsstore.com, it's your
buying the books, the videos,
all of it that funds our operation and
gets you to the next level waking up yourself and
others. So be sure to go subscribe
right now to PrisonPlanet.tv and I'll be
back tonight, 7 o'clock central with
Infowars Nightly News, great job with the crew
in this four-hour transmission
I've only begun to fight. I'm
Alex Jones.
Thank you for listening to GCN.
Visit
GCNlive.com today.
