Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
All right, welcome to the broadcast. Welcome to the Alex Jones Show. This is Mike Adams,
the Health Ranger, filling in for Alex today on this Friday, March 1st. Yes, we've entered
March of 2013. That reminds me, let's see, Max Keiser's got his prediction coming up in April
of a major economic event. So I'm kind of curious to see if that's happening. We tick one month
closer to that today, being March 1st. So we've got a lot of news today. We've got mind melds of
rats, something straight out of science fiction. They're actually merging the minds of two rats
in the laboratory and creating a, I don't know, a dual mind machine. And obviously, everything
they do to rats, they're gonna eventually do to you. So they're gonna have human experiments
before long once they figure out how this can serve the globalist agenda. We're gonna be covering
that. But let me tell you what's really coming up today. We got a lot of big news. At the bottom of
this hour, we have Joe Dixon joining us from Morningland Dairy. They were raided, I believe,
at gunpoint. We're gonna get to the bottom of those details in Missouri. That raid happened,
the raid actually happened a while back, but there have been a lot of developments in that.
Raw milk is back on the scene again because, see, when you get into the whole Second Amendment and
the gun rights debate, you have to look at, well, what does government do when it has a monopoly on
guns? And if you look at the actual history, recent history, you know, just the last couple
of years, it turns out that when government has guns, it uses them to intimidate and raid raw milk
farmers, people selling milk. James Stewart was raided at gunpoint. And Joe Dixon here,
his farm was raided and temporarily shut down, and they've gone after him and many others.
So this is a food freedom issue as well as a gun rights issue altogether. And so we're gonna be
covering that in more detail. We've also got coming up a little bit later today, Ashal Eldridge,
also known as Seasons. He is the rap artist who has created an amazing new music video and song,
kind of like a mini movie actually, mini drama called Food Fight, that is all about inner city
citizens being killed by processed food, being killed by the GMO, by the aspartame, by the
processed sugars, and how they can actually take back their justice, their rights, their humanity
by turning to nutrition and real foods. And it's a very powerful, inspiring message. And it's coming
out of the inner city rap culture. And it's a powerful video that's already gone viral across
the internet. So we're gonna cover that here. We've got the creator of that Seasons right here
on the show with us today to give us more details on that. This is also part of the resistance,
the rising resistance of people who are waking up all across America, across all cultures,
across all racial lines. And this individual, Seasons, he is African American. And I think
that's very important for us to acknowledge how it's every culture that is waking up against the
machine. You see, the system wants us to fight among black and white, Latino. They want us to
fight with each other. That's why they engage in so much race baiting. They're trying to create a
racial war. What we need to have, folks, is racial unity against the system of fascist corporate
control. And this song creator, this artist, Seasons, is doing exactly that. And so that's
why we're gonna have him on today to talk about that. It's about the people versus the system,
the system of corruption, the system of communist, fascist control. That's what it's really about,
people versus oppression, not about black versus white. So anyway, that's coming up.
Then we've got more news on how criminals do not have to comply with gun control laws,
according to the Supreme Court. That's coming up and much more straight ahead.
So stay with us here on The Alex Jones Show. We'll be right back with all that and much more.
we're getting prepared. Are you in for Wars shop.com?
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning
needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms, but if you don't have a home security system
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe.
It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit or shed.
Getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes so there's no
need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
That's getsimplisafe.com.
Alright, it is Friday here on the Alex Jones Show, March 1st, 2013.
Thank you for joining us and for the next 3 hours, we're going to be pounding your head
with news that will blow your mind, including this one, mind melds of rats.
Oh, by the way, well before I get to that, so we've got a couple of guests coming up
and in the third hour, we're going to be airing an interview between Alex Jones and what's
the rap artist name, guys?
Immortal Technique, yeah.
Yeah, Immortal Technique.
I saw a bit of that of a previous interview that Alex did with him, but he's got, I don't
know, a more condensed version, more powerful version coming in the third hour today, so
don't miss that.
But anyway, we got a lot of breaking news today, including this, mind melds of rats.
This is published in the journal Scientific Reports.
They've established direct brain to brain communication between rats to have the rats
solve problems together that they couldn't do alone.
Yeah, right.
It takes a village, and now they're going to have brain to brain communication between
monkeys that's already being studied, and before long, they're going to have it in humans.
It's going to be like the Vulcan mind meld for the globalist agenda.
They're probably going to merge, can you imagine if they merged the brain of like Henry Kissinger
and Hillary Clinton?
What would that be like?
What kind of a horror would that create?
It would be, or how about the brain of Dianne Feinstein and, who would be a good one to
merge Dianne Feinstein with?
Dianne Feinstein and, no, how about Obama?
There you go.
But aren't they pretty much the same brain already?
It's all one big brain, they all have the same ideas, they don't have unique thoughts
at all.
They have a hive mind anyway, running the entire Democratic Party it seems anyway, so
I don't know what they're going to accomplish by connecting their brains.
But anyway, this is just another example of the crazy science that's going on, and they
talk about it how, oh, they're going to help severely paralyzed people, but really that's
just a cover story because what they're really going to do is use this technology like they've
used every other technology to build an army of robots.
An army of armed robots and drones that have weapons that can then attack you, and right
now, oh, by the way, that story is, I'm sorry, the drone story is up on Infowars.com right
now by Steve Watson, so check that out at Infowars.com.
Oh, this is, I'm sorry, this is a story from last year, but it's relevant.
We're witnessing the beginning of the industrial revolution of war with artificial intelligence
type of brains inside the drones that are now, of course, legally able to assassinate
American citizens on US soil.
Thanks to that 16-page Department of Justice memo that was recently issued, and Obama has
so far refused to say, we will rule out any strikes on US soil.
So that's on the map, you got that?
America is the battleground.
The drones are already out there.
The drones have weapons, obviously.
They are striking Americans.
Obama has his secret kill list where he can kill Americans, and now they're working on
the brains of mice and monkeys.
I bet you what we're gonna actually see is we're gonna have a flying monkey brain in
the drone.
It's gonna be like something right out of Wizard of Oz, like flying gargoyle monkey
creatures in the Pentagon drone program, and they get a cookie if they hit the target,
like little kamikaze monkey brains.
That's where this was all heading.
I know it sounds crazy, but that's where it's heading, because here's another story from
2012 that was also written by Paul Joseph Watson.
The new DARPA robot can autonomously track people.
And do we have a video clip of that robot?
That is the DARPA legged squad support system.
That's a scary looking thing.
That thing, it chases people through the forest.
Yeah, for those of you watching on prisonplant.tv, we're running that video.
It's got this Boston Dynamics hydraulic four-legged creature marching through the woods, carrying
a payload, and tracking humans.
Yeah.
And of course, when Alex was here saying, let's say five years ago, that they're gonna
build an army of robots to come after you, and they're gonna have an army of drones in
the skies firing missiles at American citizens, he was called crazy.
No, that can't be, there can't be drones coming after American citizens, there can't be robots.
There are no terminators.
Well, once again, Alex is owed a massive apology by the establishment, because again, he was
ahead of his time in predicting that.
You know, I noticed that if you're, let's say, a month ahead in your predictions, you're
considered a genius.
If you're five years ahead, you're considered a kook.
So it's just because the population hasn't caught up yet.
So there you go.
DARPA enlists makers of big dog robot, which we just showed there, to construct machines
that can think for themselves.
This is a story by Steve Watson, also from last year, machines that can think for themselves.
And of course, it's being pushed as a way to perform evacuation operations.
Yeah, they never wanna talk about how they're gonna mount 50 caliber guns on these robots
and go after American citizens and civilians living in US cities after they declare martial
law following the economic collapse.
Wow, they were just showing a video there where you try to kick over the robot, and
it recovers and stands up.
It stays standing.
You can't even kick it over.
That thing looks like a giant spider creature.
They got walking on water, slippery water, and it's recovering.
That is scary, man.
That is freaky.
That is freaky.
But speaking of 50 calibers, by the way, man, my head is still ringing today.
Yesterday, Alex invited me to go out shooting with him and Shane Steiner.
And we had three Barrett 50 caliber BMGs and two 338 Lapua rifles all lined up.
And we decided to shoot this piece of I-beam that I have here in the studio.
I don't know if you can give a shot of this I-beam over here.
This thing got mangled because somebody brought some armor-piercing ammo with some white,
I guess it was some kind of phosphorus coating or something.
Can you show this I-beam?
Yeah, look at this.
So this is a, man, that's at least a three-eighths inch thick piece of metal, probably a lot
more.
Yeah, it looks like about three-eighths.
And it's a big I-beam.
And well, here, hang on here, hear that, that's the metal we're talking about.
That's what we were shooting at yesterday.
And it's still ringing, either that or my head is still ringing, I can't tell.
My head was ringing when I woke up this morning, that's for sure.
It's got holes, just massive holes blown through it, pieces of metal torn out of it.
We must have hit this thing at least 50 times.
I'm telling you, I think we shot a couple thousand dollars worth of 50-cal ammo yesterday.
And the reason my head is ringing is because we lined up, all three of us, there on the
ground about, I don't know, 400, 450 yards away from the target.
And I was stupid enough to be the guy in the middle.
That's not a...
Of all the positions to be in when you're firing three 50-cals, being in the middle
is the worst position of all.
It's sort of like being attacked by concussion grenades on all sides.
And so I would get blasted by Shane's rifle, and then I get blasted by Alex's rifle, and
Alex, of course, was engaged in rapid fire, boom, boom, boom, and then I would fire off
a shot of my own, and then all the grass and dust would blow up in my face.
Before I could recover, Alex was blasting off another couple of rounds, and I was sucking
in all this grass off the ground.
They were elevated.
Alex and Shane were in elevated trucks, firing, and I was on the ground, because I'd brought
a shooting mat, so I was on the ground, and I must have inhaled so much grass, just ranch
grass and dust.
This is why you might even hear it in my voice today, it's a little rough, and then Jacobson
was spotting, and we blasted the crap out of this I-beam.
And I guess it looked like a military helicopter took some interest in this and was sort of
checking us out.
What's going on?
And they may have seen some of the tracer rounds, too.
It was quite a show, and anyway, we got it all on video, and Jacobson is gonna be editing
that over the next few weeks, so you'll get to see that.
That is three.50 cals and a couple of.338 Lapuas blasting away here in Central Texas.
And I gotta say, the more the system talks about gun control, the bigger guns we want,
the more guns we buy, the more ammo we buy, and the more we shoot.
If people like Obama and Feinstein and Biden really wanted us to stop buying guns, they
should stop talking about gun control.
It's real simple.
Every time you talk about gun control, I get a little itchy trigger finger, and I wanna
go out and shoot somebody's.50 cal Barrett.
And it's the same with everybody, all the patriots, everybody who loves firearms and
loves sport shooting, they feel the same way.
They wanna go out, get on the trigger, get some trigger time, throw some lead downrange
and blast away some I-beam like we did here.
It was pretty wild.
So hey, as long as they keep talking about gun control, we're gonna keep upsizing our
weapons and our ammo, and putting it on film for you.
So stay with us.
We'll be right back here on the Alex Jones Show.
Hello, I'm Alex Jones, myself, my family, the Infowars.com team want to relay to you
and your families that we are intensifying our efforts against the globalist on every
front.
Infowars.com is leading the fight against the technocrats, but we can't do that without
your help.
By getting the films, bumper stickers and t-shirts at Infowars.com, you will wake up
people in your area and support our operation as we move to the next level.
We need your help to spread the word like never before.
They wish to hide themselves during this tectonic battle between the forces of freedom and darkness.
You are the response to the globalist technocrats and their program of global eugenics dehumanization
and ultimate extermination.
The war is here.
It's an Infowar.
The spirit of 1776 versus the mindset of 1984.
My name is Stephen Heuer.
After 22 years of nutritional counseling, I've observed that most brain malfunctions
have at their roots some form of toxicity and brain damage.
So whether it is poor memory, poor focus, lack of creative thinking, or more serious
matters like inability to focus, speak normally, or remember things, the emphasis to getting
one's brain working optimally needs to be on detoxification.
One World Way supports your body's number one means of detoxification, which is glutathione
production.
My name is Angie, and my son has suffered from borderline autism and constipation.
I got him on One World Way, and in two months, his constipation is gone.
He's become friendlier.
He can carry on a normal conversation with me, and he has made his first friend.
He's doing great, and he looks forward to taking One World Way every day.
You could offer him a present or a cake, and he would prefer the One World Way.
Go to oneworldway.com.
That's oneworld, W-H-E-Y, dot com, or call 888-988-3325.
That's 888-988-3325.
Now there's an amazing new natural antibiotic every person must have.
It's cells-alive silver solution, and it destroys over 650 hard-to-kill viruses, fungus, bacteria,
and much more.
Cells-alive silver solution has no expiration date, is great for emergency kits and storage
shelters, and comes in 8- or 16-ounce bottles.
Order today at 888-910-4367, or visit hempusa.org.
Hempusa.org, 100% chemical-free superfoods and unique health products.
We the people grow cotton, we fabric, engrave ink, embed strips and fibers to protect from
counterfeit and carting to a private bank, having it led back at interest, forcing taxes
to service debt.
This capitalism, or was Jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing the public
currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than a standing army?
Hi, Ted Anderson.
I'm placing a free silver dollar in a book that explains our monetary system.
Call for your copy, 800-686-2237.
It's time to understand the system.
Call 800-686-2237.
That's 800-686-2237.
March into big spring preparedness savings.
This month at beefrepair.com.
Starting today, emergency essentials and beefrepair.com save you 28% off your favorite beef and chicken
combo entrees.
Save 24% on number 10 cans of freeze-dried raspberries, or save 26% on our freeze-dried
strawberry slices with purchase of 12 or more.
Katadyn Pocket Micro Water Filters are 27% off.
Try our fruit-flavored HydroPak Combo Water Filtering Pouches.
In March, buy five 10-packs for a 50% discount.
Stock up on wheat with a year's supply of grains for $70 off, only at beefrepair.com.
And this month, power up with a Goal Zero Sherpa 50 solar-powered recharging kit at
$110 off MSRP, and we'll throw in a free $50 emergency essentials gift card.
The March sale starts today at beefrepair.com.
For contents and details, call emergency essentials at 800-999-1863, or click beefrepair.com.
The choice is clear.
Be un-prepared or beefrepair.com.
All right, we're back.
Thanks for joining us.
This is Mike Adams filling in today for Alex Jones.
This is the Alex Jones Show.
Yes, you're in the right place.
And yes, as I was explaining before the break, my head is still ringing from going shooting
with Alex yesterday with 350 cal BMG rifles, all Barrett's.
Two of them were the M107A1 rifles, the brand new.
I think there must be more 50 cals in Texas than anywhere in the country, and Texans sure
know how to use them.
But anyway, speaking of knowing how to use firearms, oh, and by the way, we have a really
exciting guest coming up in the next few minutes, Joe Dixon from Morningland Dairy, about the
continued scourge of oppression of food freedom in America.
So that's coming up shortly.
But remember when Joe Biden was asked by that reporter, that journalist, about should women
use guns to defend themselves?
And Joe Biden said, get a shotgun, get a shotgun.
You don't need an AR-15, get a shotgun.
Well, it turns out that shotguns kick a whole lot worse than an AR-15.
And there's a lot of, let's say, smaller frame women who have trouble with shooting 12 gauge
slugs or steel shot or what have you.
And just to prove this point, not to make fun of women, but just to prove this point
that Joe Biden has no idea what he's talking about, someone out there put together a really
interesting video, a YouTube video, that we're gonna play right now.
So I'm gonna narrate it for radio listeners, but take a look, go ahead and roll that.
She's asking if a ban goes into effect on certain kinds of weapons and high capacity
magazines.
And what's your name?
Kate.
Kate, if you want to protect yourself, get a double barrel shotgun, have the shells of
12 gauge shotgun.
And I promise you, as I told my wife, we live in an area that's wooded and somewhat secluded.
I said, Jill, if there's ever a problem, just walk out on the balcony here or walk out,
put that double barrel shotgun and fire two blasts.
Here's women shooting the shotgun and blowing themselves over and smacking themselves in
the faces with the shotguns.
Ouch.
That looked like it hurt.
Oh, man, that's gonna burn.
And I feel that one.
You'll be completely fine.
Here's another.
Oh, it's like a 75 pound girl shooting a shotgun, looked like a Sega 12.
They're not having much success.
Oh, wow, a multi-fire fail right there.
So these women are having a lot of trouble with these 12 gauge shotguns.
I promise you, who's ever coming in is not gonna, you don't need an AR-15.
It's harder to aim.
It's harder to use.
So now here's a woman firing an AR-15 with good accuracy.
Boom, boom, boom.
Multi shots, full control.
And in fact, you don't need 30 rounds to protect yourself.
Buy a shotgun.
Buy a shotgun.
And there's a guy with a blasted shotgun and his pants fall down.
Oh, that's more than we wanted to see right there.
The crew was joking that he needs a flash suppressor.
His pants fell down.
Anyway, the point is, the point is, Joe Biden, you need to learn the laws of physics.
In fact, Newtonian laws of motion, for every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction.
If you're gonna push a lot of lead out the front of a shotgun, it's gonna kick.
And it turns out that a shotgun kicks way more than an AR-15.
Even a 95-pound light-framed woman can handle an AR-15 much easier than shooting a 12 gauge
shotgun with most loads.
So hey, I'm sorry to break it to you, but that's reality.
That's physics.
I love how these people in Washington like to just make up their own laws of physics
or laws of economics.
If we raise taxes, we're gonna get more tax revenue.
No, you're not, cuz everybody's gonna go out of business.
Businesses are gonna stop hiring.
Or how about this one?
If we take more money from people's paychecks, that's good for the economy.
No, it isn't.
Guess what?
On the top of DrudgeReport.com right now, the take-home income in America has dropped
the most since 1959.
That means the discretionary income that people have to buy things at places like Walmart
continues to plummet, which is why Walmart is having a disastrous month here.
Well, February was a disastrous month, and March will probably be again in 2013.
And it's gonna get even worse for Walmart and the economy as the government takes more
taxes.
Anyway, stay with us straight ahead.
We've got an interview with Morningland Dairy founder Joe Dixon coming right up.
We'll be right back with that.
We're on the march.
The empire's on the run.
Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Your freedoms are on the line.
The Second Amendment is in danger.
How soon before your freedoms are taken away?
What can you not live without?
What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns?
Is it your home?
No, it's food.
It all boils down to the food supply.
Tyrannical governments control people by controlling their food supply.
Don't be dependent.
Be self-sufficient.
Don't wait for the government to feed you.
Feed yourself.
I can warn you, but I can't feed you.
Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from eFoods Direct.
It's the best long-term, storable food on the planet.
Get the popular Mega Patriot Pack free, a 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot
and fuel.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot Packs
free with purchase.
Build your food supply.
Be in control.
Be self-sufficient and be a patriot.
Call 800-409-5633 or eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get your free Patriot Pack today.
I had tried everything.
I'd cut back the amount of food I was eating.
I was lifting weights and jogging, but nothing was working.
My body was literally starving for minerals and trace elements as well as key vitamins.
And as soon as I had that, I immediately could eat half of what I was eating previously and
be satisfied.
Now, there are hundreds of great products at InfowarsTeam.com, but I want to point out
the three that have helped me lose 37 pounds in just two months.
Products like Beyond Tangy Tangerine, Holland Burst and Rebound.
When I started taking the Tangy Tangerine and other products every day, I lost more
than 37 pounds in just two months.
Now that's results.
I want to challenge my listeners to go to InfowarsTeam.com and to order just three of
their products, and you will see the changes in the way you look, feel, and in your appetite
almost immediately.
Start your journey to health and wellness today, InfowarsTeam.com.
Introducing Pro1, all of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go.
No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolicic
acid, advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one
filter element.
It is the only one that does it, and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off
with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia, and chlorine, hydrofluorosolicic acid, the most common form of fluoride not
covered by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro Pure with the new Pro1 filters today at InfowarsTeam.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
I like to share a revelation that I've had during my time here.
When it came to me when I tried to classify your species, I realized that you're not
actually mammals.
Every mammal on this planet instinctively develops a natural equilibrium with the surrounding
environment, but you humans do not.
You move to an area and you multiply and multiply until every natural resource is consumed.
The only way you can survive is to spread to another area.
There is another organism on this planet that follows the same pattern.
Do you know what it is?
A virus.
Human beings are a disease, a cancer of this planet.
You are a plague.
You are the cure.
Resistance to tyrants is obedience to God.
It's Alex Jones.
All right, welcome back, friends.
This is Mike Adams, the Health Ranger, filling in for Alex today.
Yeah, my voice is a little rough.
I was sucking in all this dust and grass when we went shooting yesterday, and it has literally
affected me.
You know, the other thing is that we had a truck out there that had a big steel dump
bed that we use as a shooting platform.
And every time you shoot out of that bed, it's like being in a giant bell, and it just
would ring that bell.
The whole bed would reverberate, and it would vibrate through your whole body.
And I swear, when I woke up this morning, my head was still ringing from that.
It is a massive concussion, enough on that.
But okay, so we've got Joe Dixon joining us here in just a minute.
Wanna get a couple notes in there before then.
Tonight on the Nightly News, we're gonna be covering the fact that the, according to the
US Supreme Court, criminals do not have to comply with any gun registration legislation.
So it's not just that they won't comply.
We already know that.
But legally, they are in effect restricted from complying due to the Fifth Amendment
and the fact that you are protected from self-incrimination under the US Constitution.
So the US Supreme Court has ruled in the past, and we're gonna discuss this tonight with
Jim Mars.
It's just one of the many topics we'll be discussing.
Our focus is raw milk and food freedom, but we're gonna cover this as well, that criminals
do not have to comply, in fact, are restricted from complying.
So if they pass a gun registration law or a gun confiscation law, by law, only law-abiding
citizens must comply with those restrictions, which, of course, is the complete opposite
of what you want.
You don't need to register honest, ethical citizens who have firearms.
What you wanna do, in essence, is find the criminals who might be robbing a bank or committing
some crime with it.
So those are exactly the people that are exempt, according to the US Supreme Court.
So we'll be covering that tonight in the Infowars Nightly News and some other news as well.
We're gonna have a commercial, a parody commercial for Obama Bites, the multivitamin made in
China that contains miraculous, amazing minerals like obamnesium, which causes you to forget
American history.
All the way back to 1776, it's a very powerful nutrient.
It's also got fucusimium for extracellular energy, and squeezium to help the TSA do their
jobs better.
Cuz, you know, you can never have enough squeezium when you're going through security at the
airport, right?
Yeah, nice.
Okay, let's turn to Food Freedom and Joe Dixon with Morningland Dairy out of Missouri.
And he joins us now by phone.
And let me set this up here.
Joe is gonna give us the breakdown of what happened there in Morningland Dairy.
And I gotta apologize to Joe, I tried to connect with him before and we had some storms.
And I couldn't get that interview done.
So I wanted to invite him here today to tell his story to you, the Infowars listeners,
so that you know this is still going on in America.
The government is still oppressing food freedoms and food rights and going after farmers.
And here to tell us that story is Joe Dixon.
Joe, thank you for joining us live today on the Alex Jones Show.
Very much appreciate you having me on, Mike.
First off, I'd like to say I do appreciate your humor.
Well, you might be the only one.
But thank you for that note.
Now, people like a little bit of, we gotta lighten it up.
It's so crazy out there.
Yes, we can face reality when the people who are trying to oppress us have a very hard
time facing reality.
That's true.
And also those oppressors, they hate to be made fun of.
They just hate it.
Yes, they do.
So I just say, let's feed them some extra squeezium and let them feel each other up
there at the airport.
What do they do when there's no passengers in line?
Do they check each other?
That's a good question.
Yeah, I bet that's what those curtains are for.
Yeah.
Yeah, they're calibrating the machines.
They're calibrating the x-ray machines is what they're gonna say.
Yeah, actually, right.
That's it.
Anyway, sorry, Joe.
I don't mean to get off track.
Go ahead.
Tell us about yourself.
Well, my name is Joseph Dixon of Morningland Dairy.
I go by Joe most of the time.
And my wife and I have been fighting a battle with the state of Missouri, the FDA, the Attorney
General's Office, now apparently appearing to be in appearance as part of the state of
California over our abilities to have raw milk cheese, to have a product that we consider
to be very healthy, that has actual enzymes, bacterias, nutrients in it that your body
can digest since we are a part of the living organisms of this planet.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Raw dairy is more digestible than processed pasteurized dairy.
Yes.
But there's a battle going on to stop anything that is raw milk from the federal government
on down.
The reason for that is, is because, in my opinion, the government doesn't want anything
that's healthy for us.
I think that's why I appreciated your humor when you first came on, because of what you
were saying there.
But anyway, we had an embargo letter put on our door.
First off, our case started with Rawson Foods in California.
Some of our cheese was confiscated in the raid in Rawson Foods of California.
I think you've had their case on there before.
Yeah.
But just to give people a brief, that was armed agents, both state, county, and federally
funded armed raid on James Stewart and Rawson Foods in California.
They confiscated over $50,000 worth of food and destroyed it, and took all of James Stewart's
money and threw him in jail, and two different counties then prosecuted him for multiple
felony crimes.
So I'm just giving the background for people who may not know.
That's very much appreciated, but they need to know where it all started from.
Yeah.
Okay, go ahead.
Fifty-five days later, the state of Missouri and the FDA, in some form or another, got
information from the state of California that we may have had a possible contamination of
Listeria Baphoeus in our cheese.
Notice they said 55 days later.
We wonder where that cheese was for 55 days, whose hands and how it was handled for 55
days.
Well, yeah, they probably stored it in a hot warehouse somewhere just to make sure it had
Listeria.
Well, we don't know.
Also, what's very interesting, as we go through the invoices of where we sold cheese to James
Stewart for Rawson Foods, the FDA listed that they picked up one-pound packages of cheese.
The only cheese we ever sold to Rawson was half-pounds or less.
Interesting.
So was there actually a raid conducted on your farm, or how did they oppress you exactly?
No, since we were licensed and inspected and everything as they want you to be.
They came in forceful but polite, if you want to use that term.
Yeah, polite with the guns.
Yeah.
Well, there were no guns.
Oh, okay.
They did that.
As I was saying, they came in forceful but polite.
They came in letting us know exactly what they were going to do.
Okay?
Now, they put an embargo letter on our door, our cheese house door, where our cheese is
stored, and to the day of which they destroyed it, we were not allowed to take anything out
of that cooler to the day of which they destroyed it, which was almost two and a half years
later.
Now, had you ever had anybody get violently sick from eating any of your products ever?
No.
No, not one complaint in 30 years of being in business as Morningland Dairy, no.
And did the FDA care about that history, or did they take that into account?
No, because we have a timeline on our site that the State Billboards sent to some of
the representatives in Jefferson.
Give us your website so we can bring that up.
Morninglanddairy.com.
Morninglanddairy.com.
Yeah.
Okay.
My wife's been very busy because this has hit her very hard, so it's not up to speed
as good as it could be, but we appreciate that people would look and see because we're
still fighting because now it's to the point we can ask the question.
When you go to court, when you start asking the question of the milk board in the state,
we were told that these people have the right of kings in the United States of America.
And I thought that's what the revolutionary war with England was fought over, as you pointed
out in some of the commercials there, we've lost our history.
When you say that they functioned as if they had the right of kings, are you saying that
they just felt like they ruled over you, they owned you, and they could control everything
that you did on your farm?
Is that-
No, we were told by our lawyers they have sovereignty of unity.
Wow.
Right.
Right.
Now, think about that.
So anything they say, it's going to go.
Now, but they have regulations they are supposed to go by, okay?
And what we ran into was, it finally got to the point, how much time do we have, Mike?
No, we have plenty of time.
Keep going.
Okay.
It came about that finally it got to the point, we finally asked Don Falls of the state milk
export, Don, if we tested this block of cheese up to a hundred times, our plant manager,
Jill Dyer did, if we test this block of cheese up to a hundred times now, this block of cheese
is 40 plus or minus pounds, okay, up to a hundred times, and it came back clean every
time, would we be permitted to sell this block of cheese?
We would, wouldn't we?
He said, absolutely not.
It would all be suspect.
So at that point, I looked at him, I said, okay, in other words, you're telling me then,
you don't trust your own regulation.
You don't trust your own methods of testing because if you think about it, a 40 pound
block, if you test it up to a hundred times, first off, there'd be a little, very little
of the cheese left potentially, and how can you justify that?
But Joe, you got to, you got to realize, and I know you know this, that it's not about
the science.
It's not about food science.
It's not about the testing results.
This is a political war to go after raw milk, dairy, raw cheese producers.
It's not, the numbers don't matter.
Yes.
If the audience will, I don't know, Mike, if you could get a hold of it or not, but
also proves the people that bought from them actually signed a paper saying they wanted
trace, trace elements of, or trace bacteria in there so that they could build their immune
system.
That's how our immune systems are built on this earth.
I agree.
It's sterilized food, really.
We actually want a little bit of probiotic in there.
Yeah.
Yes.
With the good farming practices we have today, and I put that in quotation marks, our land
has become what, Mike?
It's become sterile.
Yes.
Well, and the FDA says the only safe food is sterilized food.
The almond producers in California a couple of years ago had to start fumigating or irradiating
their almonds because raw almonds were outlawed by the state board in California.
Yes.
And that's where most of the almonds come from in the U.S., and the same is true with
milk.
Yes.
And folks, we are not, our bodies, as far as what we contain in our bodies, are not
sterile.
If our bodies were sterile, we would be dead.
Well, in fact, there are more non-human cells in your body than there are human cells.
That's how much bacteria is living in your body.
And we need that bacteria to stay alive and to be healthy.
That's right.
Now, if it gets out of balance, yes, then you have diseases, you have other problems.
But with our food supply being changed so much, we're running into that very problem
now.
Our food supply doesn't supply the nutrients we need in order for our bodies to maintain
the health.
So if you don't mind me saying, we're coming upon the plagues of Egypt now, all upon the
United States of America.
Yes.
Through disease, epidemics, cancer, diabetes, heart disease, Alzheimer's, osteoporosis,
mental disorders, you name it.
Correct.
Now, anyway, so we have been fighting this battle.
We're now asking your audience there to help more and more to turn it into a political
battle toward our food rights.
Yes.
To get them back.
And what's very interesting, under oath in court, the State Milk Board and a USDA agent
and others said that our cheese was so bad.
Father King said they said it under oath in court.
I know they said it here at the cheese plant.
I was a potential witness, but I couldn't listen to all the testimony.
But they said here at the cheese plant, and you can read the timeline on our side of the
State Milk Board, where as of September the 9th, now remember, this started on August
the 26th of 2010.
By September the 9th of 2010, they had already decided without one sickness, one illness,
nothing, and without any proper testing of our cheese, any state or federal proper testing
of our cheese at all, they had already decided that our cheese was not fit for animal consumption.
So you couldn't even sell it as animal feed.
But look, don't you find it shocking that the federal government will openly allow aspartame
in the food supply, MSG in the food supply, sodium nitrite in the processed meat, which
we know causes cancer.
They will allow GMOs to be hidden in the food supply.
The FDA is being petitioned right now to allow aspartame to be part of the definition of
milk so they don't even have to put it on the label.
Cows are being injected with a drug from Merck to fatten them up in the last few days of
their lives so they weigh more and the cattle factories get more.
All of this is openly tolerated, Joe.
The government says you can poison yourself to death with all these food additives and
artificial colors and GMOs, but then they attack you for selling cheese that isn't sterilized.
This is incredible.
Yeah, we, the state bill for a while, or else the state of Missouri, whichever one it was
that our cheese, we couldn't even sell it for dog food.
They said that because they told us here on the side, they were concerned that we could
contaminate the dog food plant it went to.
Now think about this.
Well, let's take this one illness without any proper testing.
Now let's go throughout the rest of the time, the rest of the time we were fighting in court
and under regulation, you have to prove you're innocent.
They don't have to prove you're guilty.
That's right.
The due process is thrown out the window.
This is true.
Yeah.
Also, you are not permitted what we were told, trial by jury, which we said we wanted trial
by jury because we knew a jury of our peers would at least look at the evidence.
Now this is the other thing under not just FDA, but also FTC.
They have their own kangaroo court system where you have no rights, you have no trial
by jury.
You don't even have the normal rules of presenting your own evidence in the way that you would
in a regular judicial system trial.
So you, you saw it firsthand then, right?
Yes, we saw firsthand.
Incredible.
The FDA came in and did 99 swabs over cheese plant and dairy.
They all came back negative.
That evidence was, they came back clean.
In other words, nothing there.
That evidence was not permitted in the state court because those were federal tests.
Now think about this, if those tests would have come back positive, do you think they
would have been permitted in court?
Of course they would have.
Of course.
Yeah, we want to point to the, to the people of Missouri, we're trying to bring this point
out to the people of Missouri and the United States that, that we have, that the judge
is paid through tax funds, which some people might consider, um, a, uh, well taxes.
Yeah.
Right.
Okay.
The judge is paid through tributes.
Yeah, he's on the government payroll.
So are the regulators.
So are the scientists.
Yes.
The judge is paid by a tribute.
Yeah.
The attorney general's office is paid by tribute.
Yep.
The network's paid by tribute.
All confiscated money.
So we asked, I'm asking the question, how do you work to get a fair trial under that
system?
Well, that's, that's the trick.
That's the catch 22, Joe Dixon.
You don't get a fair trial.
Welcome to America.
I think it's also fascinating that you could have legally done what you did in North Korea
or China or Cuba or South America, but not in the land of the free, the United States
of America.
Suddenly you're a criminal for making real food.
But stay with us, Joe.
We'll be right back after this break with more here on the Alice Jones show with Joe
Dixon from morning land dairy.
Your freedoms are on the line.
The second amendment is in danger.
How soon before your freedoms are taken away.
What can you not live without?
What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns?
Is it your home?
No, it's food.
It all boils down to the food supply.
Tyrannical governments control people by controlling their food supply.
Don't be dependent.
Be self-sufficient.
Don't wait for the government to feed you.
Feed yourself.
I can warn you, but I can't feed you.
Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from E foods direct.
It's the best longterm storable food on the planet.
Get the popular mega Patriot pack free, a 24 day supply of food, plus stove, cook, pot
and fuel call 800-409-5633 or go to e foods direct.com slash Alex and get up to 20 mega
Patriot packs free with purchase, build your food supply, be in control, be self-sufficient
and be a Patriot call 800-409-5633 or E foods direct.com slash Alex and get your free Patriot
pack today.
Is this the year you finally get serious about your family's drinking water?
If so, keep listening for a special offer from big Berkey water filters.
Did you know that over 60% of municipal water is fluoridated?
Berkey water filters distinguish themselves from many other filtration systems with the
capability to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine, fluoride, arsenic and disinfection
byproducts from municipal water via the black Berkey and PF line of filters.
Then there's affordability.
It only 1.7 cents per gallon.
Berkey water filters purify treated and untreated water, even stagnant pond water.
Stop and think how much money you could save by simply reducing buying bottled water and
using water filtered by your Berkey water filter.
No need to be constantly replacing expensive filters with a Berkey.
A single set of filters can last for five to 10 years.
Choose the best size Berkey for your needs at big Berkey water filters.com and right
now all GCN listeners get 5% off all ceramic filter systems.
Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY.
That's 877-99-BER-KEY or visit big Berkey water filters.com.
Free shipping on every order over $50.
Big Berkey water filters for the love of clean water.
Hey there, my name is Frank Bates.
Do you know the number one most valuable item in a crisis?
Some people think the answer is gold, others think it's a gun, but the correct answer will
shock you.
I just created a free video at crisis123.com that reveals a surprising item that is more
valuable than gold in a crisis.
Ninety-seven percent of Americans don't have this one critical item.
In fact, they haven't even given it a thought and the sad truth is that you may not survive
without it when a real crisis hits and a starving mob is right outside your door, but I have
to tell you it could literally make the difference between life and death for you and your family.
Watch my video at crisis123.com to discover the number one most valuable item in a crisis.
You'll be shocked.
See the controversial video that thousands of other smart patriots have already seen
in the last three months.
Go watch my video now at crisis123.com before they force me to shut it down.
Again, that's crisis123.com.
What you're hearing is an interview with Joe Dixon from Morningland Dairy in Missouri and
this is Mike Adams filling in for Alex Jones today and this is the Alex Jones Show and
this is just so you know you're in the right spot.
And what we're hearing is a classic example of government coercion and if you wonder why
things are so bad in America today, I mean America is still a wonderful country and if
we can restore it to what it used to be, it can be the world leader again in so many areas
including morals and ethics by the way, but the reason it has devolved so much is because
of exactly the kind of thing we're hearing about here where they're destroying real food.
They're destroying farmers, putting them out of business and now Joe Dixon, we've only
got a couple minutes left with you here, but Iowa has now a proposed bill to legalize raw
milk in the state of Iowa.
Are you familiar with other legislative efforts to legalize this so that consumers can have
their food freedom even in the face of federal tyranny?
Yes, there are many states that are headed that direction as far as to try to get it
unless the audience and families of the audience and people that the audience knows gets involved
in calling their representatives and saying, look, we have these rights.
We do not permit you to take these rights from us and that's what's happened.
We have permitted the system to take these rights from us without questioning what's
going on.
That's right.
We've tolerated it.
Yes, we have tolerated it and we now look where we are now because we have tolerated
it.
Now they've become the head, we've become the tail and that's where they want it to
be.
And the only way it gets turned around is by people standing up and becoming a self-regulating,
self-controlling people again.
I think our forefathers stated that, that we had to be a self-regulating people in order
to keep the type of constitutional government we have that will actually function to the
benefit of the people, not to the benefit of the government.
That's right.
It's to be the people telling the government what the government is allowed to do and enforcing
the limits of government, not the other way around where the government tells you what
rights you will be granted by the kings in Washington.
Yeah, and what happened to us, there's another case in Northwest Missouri where another dairy
farm that has a small cheese plant, they treated them a lot more fairly because we think because
of the way we questioned them here.
Because with everything that went on here, as I said earlier about couldn't even sell
up for dog food, think about this, they came in two and a half years later under judge's
orders to destroy the cheese, 36,000 pounds, 36,400 pounds of cheese.
Well that's because you dared to question their sovereignty as they say.
But look, I want to give out your web address here, Joe, so that people go to morninglanddairy.com.
If you want to support Joe's efforts, read up there, there's a donation link, there's
an un-cheese party that's mentioned there, and I really want you to support Joe and spread
the word about Joe Dixon and his farm.
And Joe, we're out of time for today, but I want to thank you for coming on and I really
appreciate what you're doing.
And if possible, I wouldn't mind coming on again to go a little further.
Yeah.
I would like to say one more thing real quick.
Sure, go ahead.
When the state came in to destroy the cheese, they came in in regular clothes, they came
in with their street clothes that they normally go to work in, regular gloves, they picked
up 36,000 pounds of cheese by hand, which 60 to 80% would look really good yet.
But some of it, imagine your refrigerator is being closed for two and a half years and
then going back to it.
Yeah.
You know, it was refrigerated.
But some of the cheese, the whey was still coming out of it.
So they got this whey that was supposed to be so contaminated, we couldn't even sell
it for dog food, to be pasteurized, then they get it on their clothes, they get it on them
themselves.
They get back in their state vehicles and take it in their state vehicles.
Right.
They contaminate it and then they blame it on you.
It's classic government tactic of quack science, bad politics, destruction of food, destruction
of farmers.
I'm sorry you've been victimized by them, Joe, but I thank you for joining us today.
We will talk with you again in the future.
Mike, the only way we've been victimized is to...
All right, Joe.
Yeah.
Sorry, we're almost out of time.
But stay with us, folks.
We'll be right back with a lot more straight ahead here on the Alex Jones Show.
We'll be right back.
This is GCN, the Genesis Communications Radio Network.
It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, moles, and fungus can inflict severe
damage in the human body.
Fortunately, a new and fastly improved silver solution has been developed.
Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary broad spectrum antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal
solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin.
Supernatural Silver is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers using a patented
technology that is highly effective against colds, flus, infections, food poisoning, and
yeast in addition to many other pathogens.
Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe, and is the number one choice
of thousands of people for immune system support.
Find out how Supernatural Silver could change your life.
Go to supernaturalsilver.com and use the promo code healthy for 20% off.
That's supernaturalsilver.com and like us on Facebook.
Waging war on corruption.
Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups.
You want answers?
Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
All right, welcome to our number two here on the Alex Jones broadcast.
Live from Austin, Texas, and we've got coming up in the third hour today, an interview between
Alex Jones and Immortal Technique, the rap artist, musical artist, poet of our modern
age.
In fact, we're going to be talking to Ashle Eldridge Seasons here in just the next few
minutes.
He's the creator of the Food Fight video that's going viral, teaching inner city audiences
about the importance of saying no to processed foods and telling the truth about how those
junk foods are actually killing us.
It's funny, the government will go crazy, even the public will go crazy, over children
dying at Sandy Hook, which is understandable, but they will ignore how many children get
brain cancer from eating processed, contaminated, genetically modified, chemically adulterated
food.
There's got to be orders of magnitude more children every year dying from that than dying
from being shot by a madman in a school setting.
But you don't hear anything about that.
And they think the gun-free zone sign is going to solve the problem, as if it's a magical
sign.
The sign of signs, you know, there's something really funny about Texas that if you live
here you've seen these things.
They have signs on the sides of the highways that say, obey all signs, state law.
So they actually have a sign that says, obey all the signs.
Now I'm thinking, what genius in the Texas Transportation Department came up with this?
Because if you think about it, who is this sign really for?
Because if you're the kind of person that already follows signs, then this sign is not
going to make any more difference.
You're already following the signs, so you don't need another sign to say, obey the other
signs.
But if you're the kind of person who doesn't follow signs, then you're not going to follow
the sign that says to follow the signs.
But somehow the Texas Highway Department thinks that this one sign is magical, that this sign,
just like the gun-free zone sign, is a sign that has magical powers that you follow just
this one sign which says, obey all the other signs, and then you magically obey all the
other signs.
So you see, we've got to end this, I don't know what this is, it's like a sign superstition,
sign mythology, sign voodoo.
That's what it is.
There's voodoo going on in the Texas Transportation Department with these signs that say, obey
all the other signs.
Now in truth, what the sign really does is it probably causes more accidents because
people are trying to read the dang sign when they should be driving.
So instead of actually preventing accidents and improving safety, it's like you're driving
along, holy cow, there's a sign, what does it say?
Obey the other signs.
What signs?
And then you run right into a tractor trailer, and then you got a big accident.
30 something thousand people die every year in America on the roads probably from reading
those dang signs.
That's probably what it is, yep.
And you notice, by the way, the government doesn't ban cars.
No, no, they don't say, well, gosh, even if we can save one child in a car crash, we have
to do everything possible, including banning all automobiles.
That would be the logic that the gun control people have.
That's their logic.
If we can save one life, it's worth killing tens of thousands of people according to them.
That's how crazy they are.
No, you take a risk every time you get on the highway, you take a risk.
That's what seat belts are for, you know?
Same thing about raw milk.
You can't live a life completely free of risk, and any government that tries to eliminate
all risk in your life just becomes a tyranny.
It just becomes a police state with oppression.
You can't have government eliminate all risk in your life.
Getting in a car is a risk.
And by the way, real quick, a correction.
Last time I was on, I was talking about aquaponics, and I use the term aquaculture accidentally.
Yeah, because sometimes, you know, the CPU skips a couple of cycles when you're in here
in studio, but it's aquaponics.
That's the name, that's the term to grow fish and plants together indoors, food production.
It's amazing.
Aquaponics, not aquaculture.
Totally different thing.
Stay with us.
We'll be right back.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth-friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one-to-two-month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now, or save big with a one-to-two-year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars, and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms, but if you don't have a home security
system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out Simply Safe.
It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to GetSimplySafe.com.
Simply Safe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit, or shed.
GetSimplySafe.com.
Simply Safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no
need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but Simply Safe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com.
Your freedoms are on the line.
The Second Amendment is in danger.
How soon before your freedoms are taken away?
What can you not live without?
What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns?
Is it your home?
No, it's food.
It all boils down to the food supply.
Tyrannical governments control people by controlling their food supply.
Don't be dependent.
Be self-sufficient.
Don't wait for the government to feed you.
Feed yourself.
I can warn you, but I can't feed you.
Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from eFoods Direct.
It's the best long-term, storable food on the planet.
Get the popular Mega Patriot Pack free, a 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot,
and fuel.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot Packs
free with purchase.
Build your food supply, be in control, be self-sufficient, and be a patriot.
Call 800-409-5633 or eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get your free Patriot Pack today.
Big Brother, Mainstream Media, Government Cover-Ups.
You want answers?
Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Welcome, welcome back to the Alex Jones Show.
Thank you for joining us today.
This is Mike Adams, the Health Ranger, filling in for Alex today on this Friday, March 1st.
It is March 1st.
It's amazing how time flies.
2013.
Yeah, we all survived 2012.
Yes, we did.
Just like we said here on the show, you know, the mind calendar thing was a non-issue.
We said that over and over again.
And people still said that Alex Jones was saying the world would end on December 21st.
No, he didn't.
I'm always amazed by how the media says Alex said something that he never said.
He's become like the scapegoat.
Whenever they want to say that somebody said something crazy, they make something up like,
oh, yeah, yeah, somebody out there said lizard people were invading the Library of Congress.
It must have been Alex Jones, they say, you know, they just come up with whatever crazy
stuff they come up with, they blame Alex.
And I listen to every broadcast, not in real time, I listen to it later.
And so I hear what Alex says, and I know the mainstream media is full of bunk on that,
so you're getting it here from another independent verified source that Alex did not say the
world was going to end on December 21st.
He said it's a non-issue, and he was right, once again.
He also warned you about the drones.
He warned you about the robot warriors that the military is putting together.
He warned you about all that stuff.
Today is a milestone day, and here's why.
The entire Health Ranger Select product line is now going to be in the InfoWars store.
So if you want to check it out, go to infowarsstore.com.
But just, you may not even know my history, but briefly, I used to be borderline diabetic,
borderline obese.
I suffered from chronic pain, I had high cholesterol.
This was when I was about 30 years old, and I had grown up eating, well, not grown up,
but throughout my 20s, I got on a real bad diet, junk food, processed food, wasn't exercising,
all that.
I was in real bad shape by the time I was age 30.
And I got healthy by turning to foods and nutrition, and that's how I became the Health
Ranger.
That's where my nickname comes from, in case you're wondering.
And then I started Natural News and began educating others and built that to now a massive
information network, five million unique visitors a month over there.
And recently, we started sourcing products that are totally non-GMO, not from China,
pristine, well-researched, superfoods and supplements, and just the best of the best
that we could find all over the place, all over the world, except China, because I don't
like buying things from China.
And we got certified organic, we have a certified organic facility here in Texas.
Alex asked me, he said, Mike, you gotta make this stuff available to InfoWars listeners,
and then they can also help support the broadcast through the InfoWars store.
So would you be willing to bring that in and offer us that at wholesale prices?
And I said, yeah, sure, let's do it, let's make it happen.
So as of today, that's happening, and we have turmeric extract, a very potent turmeric that
is the most potent turmeric extract made with organic turmeric.
That's available now.
We've got clean chlorella.
We researched all the chlorella superfood everywhere around the world.
We did the lab test.
We found the two cleanest sources in the world.
This is the number one cleanest source right here, clean chlorella, comes out of South
Korea, actually.
The chlorella's not grown in the USA, by the way, so you gotta go outside the country.
And then right now, we have fine ground Himalayan salt, a full spectrum, full-bodied salt loaded
with trace minerals.
So that's available.
Just go to infowarsstore.com, your purchase helps support the Infowars broadcast.
And I'm just happy to be part of it, to be able to bring these great products.
We've got more coming, all non-GMO.
I'm the kind of guy who goes to sources and says, you can't have hidden maltodextrin in
the fruit powders.
You can't have heavy metals in the product, otherwise, I won't even put my name on it.
So cleanest of the clean.
And by the way, speaking of clean food, Enterfood, the full product line of Enterfood is available
in the Infowars store.
Enterfood, just to confirm, they don't source any ingredients from China either, nothing
from China.
Enterfood, just one of the very top, most amazing superfoods out there, the full product
line at the Infowars store.
So again, thank you for supporting the broadcast.
And you might wonder why all of us are really all about nutrition these days, it's because
we're trying to survive.
We're trying to survive the toxic poisons, the GMOs, the fluoride in the water.
We're trying to make it through all this with our brains intact and our fertility intact
and our bodies intact.
Speaking of food news, check this out, Taco Bell now finds traces of horse meat in its
UK products.
Now, you heard about horse meat last week and the week before, I think, but this is
Taco Bell now saying, traces of horse meat and some of its products on sale in the UK.
Now, look, I have a different take on this.
A lot of people are freaked out by horse meat in their food.
Are you kidding me?
Horse meat is perfectly healthy for you, the stuff you really need to be worried about
is the MSG, the GMO, the aspartame, the sodium nitrite, the chemical additives, the heavy
metals that are in a lot of these foods.
I don't care about a little horse meat in a Taco Bell taco, not that I even eat at Taco
Bell anyway, but if I did, I wouldn't care about a little horse meat in there.
What I would be worried about are the other chemicals.
I mean, let's face it, horse meat, even though morally and ethically you might say, well,
I don't want to eat horses, but there's nothing nutritionally dangerous in horse meat.
If you eat meat from a cow, you can eat meat from a horse, folks.
There's virtually no nutritional difference really when it comes down to it.
Horse meat's a little more lean, but there's nothing wrong with horse meat in it.
I'd be more worried about the other stuff, the chemicals that are in the food.
That's what would be worrying me, because the stuff that's in your food is what's killing
you, right?
And here joining us to help us understand this message even more is Ashel Eldridge,
Seasons is his nickname, and this guy is amazing.
I saw his music video, it's called Food Fight, look for it on YouTube.
He's from a group called Earth Amplified.
He's a spiritual warrior.
He's a warrior of truth and food justice.
This video speaks to the inner city kids who are growing up on junk food and processed
food and energy drinks, and what they need to be turning to is real nutrition.
Ashel Eldridge joins us right now on the Alex Jones Show.
Ashel, thank you for joining us.
It's a pleasure to have you on.
Ashel Eldridge How's it going, Mike?
Pleased to be here.
Well, thank you, thank you for what you do too, how has the reaction been so far to your
Food Fight video?
You able to hear me?
All right, I think he's not hearing me.
Well, let me know when we got that connection going up, but if you wanna check it out, folks,
it's Food Fight, the video is up on YouTube right now.
We did a review of it on Natural News, if you wanna check that out, this is a powerful
message, it talks about the Matrix, it talks about the GMOs, it talks about aspartame,
and it's just a very uplifting, empowering message from a very talented artist, are we
good now?
All right, we're gonna come back to Ashel, all right, we're getting him back on.
But anyway, the point is that these foods are what's really killing us, so you got a
government that tries to say, well, we wanna keep you safe from a shooting, so we wanna
take away those rights.
Or we wanna keep you safe, like Mayor Bloomberg does in New York, from soda, so we're gonna
ban large soda drinks.
Or we wanna keep you safe from this or that, X, Y, and Z, the list never ends, and the
rules never end, and what you end up with is a society where it's a police state of
total safety.
Yeah, you're safe now because you're not allowed to leave your house, you're not allowed to
turn on the Internet, you're not allowed to go to non-approved websites, might be something
risky there, risky information.
Or you're not allowed to buy raw cheese, raw dairy, you're not allowed to do anything.
Hey, in Oregon, you're not even allowed to collect rainwater in your field, they sent
a guy to jail for 30 days there just for collecting rainwater.
So they wanna sell you on the idea of safety while they're really enslaving you.
And hey, Hitler created a society that was really, really safe if you weren't targeted
by Hitler, right?
I mean, that was the goal for him, to create an amazing society, a golden age of amazing
citizens who are the most upstanding human beings of all, and he wanted to create a super
safe society, but of course, it was a nightmare.
So don't fall for that idea that safety creates abundance, it doesn't.
And we've got Ashel back on the line, he couldn't hear me the last time, Ashel Eldredge, known
as Seasons, has the food fight video that's just amazing.
So Ashel, can you hear me now and welcome to the show?
Ashel Eldredge Yeah, thanks for inviting me.
Okay, great, great, sorry about that little technical issue there.
So tell me, what has the reaction been so far?
Your video's only been out a few days, what are you hearing so far?
Ashel Eldredge Yeah, the reaction is amazing.
Beginning response from people all around the world, actually, who've seen this video,
people in South Africa who are doing agriculture projects with youth, moms in Philadelphia
who are, you know, just upset with the food system and what their children are being fed
in schools, people who are, you know, crying, essentially, it was like, you know, I'm
a family farmer in Ireland and I sort of gave up on what I was working on and this video
inspired me again to get back out there and make sure that people had the healthy food.
So it's really inspiring.
Your video is very, very inspiring.
What motivated you to do this?
I mean, were you seeing so many people harmed by processed foods or what?
How did you decide to take this on, this big project?
Yeah, well, I worked with, um, I worked with the organization Green for All.
We worked on, you know, sort of green jobs and I was the organizer, spotlight organizer,
so I went around the country and I saw a lot of communities dealing with, you know, nutrition
issues, dealing with diabetes, heart disease, cancer, and at the same time, a lot of people
really doing it on their own, growing their own food, and there was a small pocket of
people who didn't want to stay getting the same amount of press and having the same amount
of push.
Um, so I educated myself.
Stay with us, Ashel.
Sorry to interrupt.
We've got to go to a quick break, but stay with us.
I've got a lot more questions for you on the other side of this break.
It's Ashel Eldridge, Seasons, from the Food Fight video.
He's with us on the Alex Jones show.
We'll be right back with a lot more.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms, but if you don't have a home security
system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe.
It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to getsimplisafe.com SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit, or shed.
Getsimplisafe.com SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install
yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
We've lived in this neighborhood for years.
We have an alarm system, and all of our doors have deadbolts.
They kicked in our door and were in and out of our house in about five minutes.
The police arrived in about 20 minutes, but they were long gone with our TV, jewelry,
and my guns.
I kept thinking, what if my family had been home?
The police officer said that more than 85% of break-ins are through a door and that deadbolts
alone don't stop intruders.
The officer told me to go to easyarmor.net if we wanted something that would actually
stop an intruder.
Easy Armor reinforces all of the weak points on your doors and is guaranteed to prevent
kick-ins.
I was surprised at how little Easy Armor costs, and I installed Easy Armor in about 30 minutes.
Visit easyarmor.net.
That's the letters E-Z-A-R-M-O-R.net, or call 888-58-ARMOR.
That's 888-582-7667.
EasyArmor.net, ultimate door security made easy.
Snagging constipation, hemorrhoids, or painful bowel movements?
Have you considered your toilet posture?
The colon needs proper alignment for faster, more effective elimination, and that's exactly
what you'll get with a Squatty Potty.
Not a cleanse or a pill, the Squatty Potty is a healthy step in the right direction,
is doctor-recommended, and starts at just $34.95.
Call 855-628-1099 or go to squattypotty.com, spelled S-Q-U-A-T-T-Y potty dot com.
Squatty Potty, healthy colon, happy life.
Hi this is Ted Anderson.
Have you ever wondered why banks, stockbrokers, investment advisors won't talk about gold
IRAs?
They've been available since 1986, yet the financial industry won't recognize the value
of gold for your retirement.
Gold is outperformed paper investments, yet no word about IRAs.
If you would like to have gold for your retirement, call 800-686-2237.
Don't get left behind by rising inflation and low returns, call 800-686-2237.
Secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
Social unrest.
Food shortages.
Political turmoil.
EMPs.
Earthquakes.
Tornadoes.
Hurricanes.
Fires.
Riots.
Flooding.
It's not a matter of if, but when.
What if it happened right now?
Would you have the supplies to survive off the grid?
Off the grid dot com is the place to go for the widest selection of survival supplies
at rock bottom prices.
Head over to off the grid dot com for survival kits, first aid supplies, dry food, water
filters and purifiers, gas masks, solar and crank radios, solar generators, ammo, knives,
stun guns, pepper sprays, hacks and bags, fire starters, a library of books, and a whole
lot more.
Get free same day shipping on all orders over $75, enter promo code radio at checkout, and
receive an additional 5% discount off our already lowest in the industry prices.
Off the grid dot com, proud to stand shoulder to shoulder with you as we protect our constitution
against all enemies, foreign and domestic.
Alright we're back on the Alex Jones show, an interview with Ashel Seasons, Eldridge,
I think I got the order right there, sorry, I was mispronouncing his name earlier, I didn't
have a chance to talk to him before the show, but real quick before we go back to Ashel,
the new issue of Infowars magazine is out, and the cover is an American flag with the
topic of Civil War II, is that what's coming?
Probably not, but the issue's out, you can get the issue at the Infowars store, you can
subscribe, this is a beautiful glossy print magazine, it's got all kinds of content in
it, check it out at Infowars store dot com, this is awesome, you know, other magazines
are going out of print, but we here at the freedom side of things are getting into print,
and speaking of the main topic here, Civil War, you know, like I said earlier, the systems
of control that exist in our world, they want to get the people fighting with each other,
especially fighting among racial lines, they want to pit black against white, and latino
against white, and everybody else, they just want people fighting with each other so that
they're not fighting the system, and this artist, Ashel, he understands that, he understands
that it's about the people fighting for, with their brothers and sisters and fellow human
beings fighting for freedom against the system, so remember that, it's always about the people
versus the corporate fascist government system, now, what we really want as a free people
is we want to be left alone largely, we want to have basic freedoms and basic rights that
can never be touched by any system of government, and that's what the Bill of Rights is, the
Bill of Rights is supposed to be non-negotiable, in fact, let's see if I can find this quote
on here, here it is, a great article out of investors.com by Thomas Sowell, where he talks
about the fact that, yeah, people make mistakes, but government makes deadly errors, this is
his article, and you know, the whole theory of government is that there is a group of
elite people at the top who are wiser and smarter than everybody else and they should
tell us what to do and what to eat and how to live our lives, and it turns out that individuals
are smarter than those systems, especially when those systems are corporate control systems,
which is what we see in the food system, the medical system and so on, and so again, getting
back to Ashel, a guy who really gets that, he understands that this is about people fighting
alongside people for people freedom, individual freedom against the system, he gets that,
and his music video, Food Fight, is of course going viral all across the internet, so Ashel,
welcome back, sorry about the connection problems we had there, so continuing with your thoughts
before the break, go ahead.
Yeah, you know, I'm from Chicago originally and my grandmother, you know, she passed away
from diabetes when I was eight years old, so it's witnessing that and then going deeper
in the investigation of sort of the food legacy, my family and a lot of families around the
United States particularly, so the low-income communities, people of color, try to see the
same trend around this disease, and what I wanted to do because I work with a lot of
young folks and I work on my hip-hop artists, I wanted to reclaim that art form and really
communicate to young people so that they have, you know, this awareness around what's against
them in a lot of ways, and also how they can empower themselves to liberate themselves
through their food, through growing their food and just being healthy, getting the earth
inside of them, so that's why we created SOS, Q System out of your system, the non-profit
for-profit hybrid, health education, nutrition education, growing your food, and also some
business incubation there too, so for folks coming out of prison and low-income communities
that can actually be a part of that, but obviously this is an issue that everyone around the
world is dealing with, the soil not having the same amount of power that it used to have,
and you see the systems we created being efficient and falling apart all over the place, we gotta
create some food sovereignty and start taking responsibility for ourselves.
You know, also, I watched your video several times, I don't know how deeply you touched
on this issue, but I'm sure you get this, that, you know, you come from Chicago and
that's a city that's wracked by violence, but there's a link between violence and what
you might call violent food or processed food, dead food, if you grow up, if you are fed
these kinds of chemicals and these refined adulterated foods, you become less of a person
who can get along in society, I mean, this is true across the board.
No, that's exactly right, I mean, so in taking responsibility for our health, we take responsibility
for our wealth and our future, I mean, if your immune system is weak, you know, you
really can't, you can't take care of yourself, you have to come home.
Yeah, Seasons, will you stay with us again through the one more break and then we'll
have a long segment on the other side, stay with us, we'll be right back on the Alex Jones
show with more about the fight for food justice in America, stay with us.
Here on the march, the empire's on the run, Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health, at Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing
a full selection of silver based products, our most popular silver based products are
the 32 ounce nano silver solutions, our two ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well
as our all natural silver soaps, just released is our 100% natural silver gel, our new silver
gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and leave the silver
at the surface, but rather we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing
chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the
silver more effectively.
Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver based products
are best for you.
That's www.silverlungs.com
and that's www.silverlungs.com.
It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus can inflict severe
damage in the human body.
Fortunately, a new and vastly improved silver solution has been developed.
Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary broad spectrum antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal
solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin.
Supernatural Silver is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers using a patented
technology that is highly effective against colds, flus, infections, food poisoning and
yeast in addition to many other pathogens.
Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe and is the number one choice
of thousands of people for immune system support.
Find out how Supernatural Silver could change your life.
Go to www.supernaturalsilver.com and use the promo code healthy for 20% off.
That's www.supernaturalsilver.com and like us on Facebook.
All right, more cowbell folks.
There we go.
More cowbell.
Yeah, welcome back to the Alex Jones show and we're joined by Ashel Seasons, Eldridge,
the creator of Food Fight.
We got a long segment here now, so no more commercial interruptions for a while.
Ashel, I wanted to ask you about this.
What really intrigued me about your music video Food Fight is that it's a message to
the inner city communities.
It's a message that we don't often hear.
You know, in terms of how this plays out in terms of race, we often see the super sort
of stringent food purists tend to be a lot of white folks.
And then the Latino communities, they're having diabetes problems because no one's telling
them that drinking all the soda is giving you diabetes.
And then the African American communities are dying from breast cancer and prostate
cancer because nobody's telling them that dark skin pigmentation blocks vitamin D.
And if you're deficient in vitamin D, you're going to get cancer.
And it's like your message is speaking to this and it's desperately needed.
Are you getting comments about the importance of what you're doing?
Yeah, definitely getting a lot of comments.
I mean, I'm not sure about the details around the skin pigmentation, but I think that, you
know, and also like, you know, big ups to Ben Zono, New Message Media worked on a couple
of projects with him around like banning plastic bags, for example, plastic state of mind.
There's a huge community of people around the country who are working on this issue
of food justice for the community.
And I think that where we at is just a crucial moment.
A lot of people are just waking up to the fact that they're sick and tired and they're
tired of being sick and tired.
And you know, the hospital bills are off the chain and we're losing people left and right.
Sure, we're losing people to a war abroad.
We're losing people in a lot of different ways.
But one thing I think that we haven't that I think is a unifying factor for a lot of
people across different cultures even is the food.
So obviously we see, I mean, you look at the statistics, advertisements around, you know,
name your soft drink, name your fast food chain, they're definitely placed in these
low-income communities.
So I mean, I see that as an individual who's doing a lot of organizing and stuff like that.
I see that as intentional in a lot of ways.
But also at the same time, I see that as something that can be brought down once you bring awareness
to it.
As an artist, I think it's our responsibility in the front lines a little bit energetically
to put out images to hit people in the conscious.
So it's amazing to hear people like, yeah, after watching the video, I felt bad about
the skills that I ate beforehand or I'm actually going to change my diet after that.
And that's something that we can go, sure, we can go bang on the wall in DC.
We can do a lot of things.
But I think that, and all of it's important, but I think that the way we're operating right
now is to work with this medium.
And it's also an example for other artists, too, to step up and say, hey, we need to produce
the media, that the media is being owned and controlled and corporatized as well.
We need to actually create our own media.
So this really is about like sovereignty, you know, food sovereignty, sovereignty of
the individual responsibility for themselves and any grown old food and depending upon
the system.
Well, that's where the power really comes from is the individual power.
And what I like about your videos, it shows individuals making choices instead of eating
the processed food, which really enslaves all of us, no matter what our racial background.
We are all enslaved in a system of disease and health care or sick care, actually, if
we live our lives consuming those processed foods.
So if we want to be free people, empowered people, capable people, we have to make that
individual choice every single day about what we put into our mouths.
Absolutely.
And I mean, you get that.
And also, your video depicts inner city folks making that choice.
But a lot of people sort of living in the suburbs, they think that anybody can just
go down and buy organic food anywhere.
But in the inner city areas, you can't just get organic food very easily.
What's available there is mostly just processed garbage.
Exactly.
So yeah, so we, you know, we did the studies and actually people, if there's better food
available, people would take the better food.
Yes.
We've done the studies, the research is out there.
It's not just like the people are somehow inclined to wanting bad food or something.
It's sort of set up like that, of course.
So one thing we're working on is actually creating an enterprise in some way so that
we can create an alternative.
People can get their education, they can get the juice cleanses, because one thing you
got to do, and I like some of the advertising I heard on the radio, on the breaks, is that
we got to get the system out of our system.
So we have to detox the system, detox all these things that are sort of attracting all
these situations.
It's actually also the violence.
You spoke up on that, and I think that's a really valid point.
One thing around, obviously, you know, there's obviously connections between food and behavior
that's been thoroughly documented, and we can't put it, and obviously we've seen, you
know, chemical warfare.
The same people pumping in energy modified food have been part of the chemical warfare
campaign all around the world, so.
Yeah, well food is a chemical warfare delivery system.
Right, right, exactly.
So, you know, we totally wanted to point that out and do it in a way that has some humor
in it so people can actually swallow it down.
Yeah.
And energy create, you know, and just encourage people, because I know a lot of people wake
up to this stuff and want to make sure that folks knew that we had their back, and obviously
at this point we're creating more organization around it, as we're building more teammates.
Yeah, and what's a website where people can, I'm sorry, but what website can people go
to to learn more about the curriculum and everything else that follows the video?
What's the site?
Yeah, exactly.
SOSjuice.com.
SOSjuice.com.
SOSjuice.com, yeah.
Power to people.
And it's been amazing to see the curriculum, too.
I mean, because Vanessa Carter, a teammate, came on and said, you know what, she works
at an arsenal arts and ecology center, and they do, they have someone of the oldest,
in Reagan, California, the oldest organic farm in California, and she works as a school
teacher, and she works with, you know, creating community school gardens.
Yeah.
Okay, the curriculum, and we've got more people studying curriculum, so we, you know,
the first line of this movement is obviously going to be education, you know, so we've
got to pay awareness to education, and then we can start mobilizing people in certain
ways after that.
But if people want to be a part of the team, you know, or that idea, we actually pay more
people around us to actually build all that communication, so we can do it in an organized
fashion, we here at the Rainbow Warriors are like here, and let's get it done.
Well, I love the message, I love what you're doing there, I love how you've chosen this
path of spiritual truth instead of just the typical commercially driven, you know, gangster
rap, whatever that we see coming out of so many artists who take that path, you've chosen
a path of enlightenment, you know, a path of spiritual truth.
I also want to share this with you, you know, we've covered and documented how the medical
system specifically targets African Americans for more disease, especially more cancer,
did you know that, for example, breast cancer is more aggressive in African American women
than in white women?
Did you know that?
Right, right.
And they won't tell those women why, and the reason is because of the vitamin D deficiency.
They did a big study in Chicago, they had, I think, 300 nurses and medical professionals
study this a couple years ago, and at the end of the study, they concluded they don't
know why, they don't know why it's worse in black women than white women, and the answer
is right in front of us, it's nutrition.
And the African American community is not being told that they need to take vitamin
D because they're getting the deficiency compared to white people who can absorb more sunlight
because of the skin pigmentation, and so black men have more aggressive prostate cancer,
and they're not being told, it's a crime.
Right, well, this is great, I mean, that's why I love, you know, I think Alex Jones,
you know, every now and then, a health ranger, I pick up on national news, and yeah, I mean,
information, I mean, it's information aid, I mean, definitely just keep sharing that,
I mean, it's a lot for me to learn, it's a lot for the public to learn, and just hope
everyone just has an open mind and do their own research as well so we can get, especially
all the educators, the one thing that was really empowering about this project is that
we put up the curriculum, and a lot of educators are on it, and they're actually teaching it
in their schools, and actually in correctional facilities, so if the environment's on media
here, it's seeing a lot of people watching the video, they send pictures back of them
actually discussing this stuff, so yeah, get the information out there, definitely.
That's amazing, so what's next for you then?
I mean, this project is already a success.
I think your first YouTube video goal was only a few thousand views.
You hit that in no time now.
Is it up to 100,000 yet now?
Yeah, I think it's at 100,000 right now, maybe like four days.
Awesome.
Again, that's a combination of the artistry and the attention, but for all the artists
out there, really doing the research, really connecting with the earth and connecting with
the heart of the people and the heart of the universe, really actually saying like, yo,
we want to deliver something to actually speak to people on a cellular level, and the intention
actually played out, so to me, it's a sort of validation, and I think where we're going
with it, essentially, we have no choice at this point, because we have the energy to
do it and the feel around us to do it based on the impact of the video is actually to
create more curriculum, do more of the education, but also, we got the Indiegogo going for SOS
and we're raising the money right now to actually practice non-profit, for-profit, hybrid, such
that when people who are coming, probably most likely coming home from minor drug offenses,
who are getting long sentences based on race and class, when they come back to the system,
we don't want them to be better criminals and useless to society.
We want to pick them up, educate them, hire them, and have them be in work with this SOS
juice thing that we're pumping out.
Excellent.
We want to get people to earth and to the body, because the smoothies, the herbal licks
and that's actually the medicine that people need so they can be strong to actually-
I love how you're teaching people to grow food, too.
I think that's so crucial, and that's an issue of freedom for everybody across America.
This is why we cover farm freedom, the farms are being suppressed, the food is being suppressed.
We interviewed in the last hour a dairy farmer in Missouri who had his cheese outlawed because
the government contaminated it and then blamed him for it, but if we get down to the issue
of justice here, justice means people having the freedom to live their lives in the way
they see fit as long as they don't harm others in the process, and justice means you got
to have freedom to have justice.
If you don't have freedom, you can't have justice.
So growing your own food is actually an act of resistance against the corporate controllers.
Definitely.
Well, any other-
I mean, that's absolutely right, and that's what some of the education we're doing, it's
something empowering.
One thing we also realize is that young people and people in general, when you actually grow
your food, you're more likely to eat it.
That's right.
Yeah.
The food is very strategic and actually marks the check off of so many different areas that
it's a must.
And seed-taving is along the heirloom seed.
I mean, these things are revolutionary right now.
I mean, these things have come in place in the past, but the one thing I borrow inspiration
from is the Black Panther Party, you know, Black Panthers and their family and stuff
like that.
I also borrowed inspiration from the indigenous community, the indigenous ceremony, people
who have been living close to the earth and doing this for a long time, but one thing
the Black Panther Party did was they had a free breakfast program, you know, and that's
really when the government started looking at it and like, wow, this is actually embarrassing.
We had this whole going cell protein going and actually providing resources for the community,
sticker cell clinics, et cetera, and this was the 2013 version of that.
Really, you know, when you grow your food, you got that seed and it's the same amount
of power and that seed is the same amount of power, the energy is multiple nuclear bombs.
So it's trying to reframe the conversation around what power is, you know, what freedom
actually is when you liberate it in your body and you actually can, you know, so that's
what we do.
So it's not just the food.
We do the meditation, the yoga, anything that keeps people clear and keep people on purpose
with the highest that they need to operate in this lifetime, we want to provide facility
for that.
That sounds like a really healthy daily habit there to do that.
Now, I don't, you know, I don't know a lot of history about the Black Panther Party itself,
but what I do know is that American history is full of groups being suppressed and oppressed,
including, you know, the American Indians, including right now veterans being oppressed
and suppressed by the government.
What I know is that government never wants any people to be free and what government
does is it switches from one group to another.
So it might have been black people in one era and then it's southerners and then it's
veterans and then in the future it could be Latinos, it could be anybody, they just change
the targets basically.
But the system is always a system of oppression.
So that's why I support freedom and justice in whatever form it is from where, you know,
from wherever it comes out of the culture.
That's what I support is individual freedom and that's what I see you singing about.
So I commend you for this song.
It's amazing.
Yeah.
Thank you for promoting it and posting it.
Yeah.
It's my pleasure to do so and I hope we see more from you too.
I hope you stay on this track and put out some more music and videos that speaks to
this spiritual truth and this war of resistance against the food poisoners.
Yeah, definitely.
I mean, go to earthamplified.com and we have songs about water, I mean, people talking
about oil, but you know, we might move on to water next and talk more about that too.
It's huge.
I mean, Florida and the water.
I mean, it's so much for water.
That's right.
It's like, wow.
We may have to move.
So we know full water.
We're dealing with the basic, you know.
Well, you know, one thing that's really interesting, if you take, I found that African Americans
are really well informed on the dangers of vaccines and they will, they will say no to
vaccines more than a typical group of white folks.
If you, if you have a hundred white folks in a room and you have a hundred African Americans
in a room and you say, who wants a vaccine?
It's the white folks that raise their hands, me, me, me, I'll take the vaccine and all
the black folks are like, um, I might want to think twice about that.
I find that very interesting because they've learned to not trust the lies coming out of
medicine.
Do you, do you see that as well?
Yeah.
I mean, we've had African American history, you look at the history, I mean, it's like,
you know, the Tuskegee experiment, you know, illegal, uh, sort of like, you know, poisoning
of people.
Yeah.
The medical experiments, man, the Tuskegee experiments, all that.
Yeah.
There's been, yeah, there's been a lot of, uh, a lot of like sort of distrust, you know,
and rightfully so on some levels.
And I think that like, you know, that's probably what that's coming out of.
I mean, I mean, that's obviously is a heated debate and around that, but you know, me personally,
I mean, I think I'm a half of myself, you know, I, I haven't, I say my, my son, you
know, I'm not necessarily on that tip and I've done a lot of research on it.
Good for you.
I could do that research, but, um, yeah, you know, I mean, I think, you know, when people
get the information, um, they make healthier choices.
So education, you know, have people change people's consciousness, shift people's consciousness.
People really get into a space where they actually, and then we deal with the spiritual
aspect too, so that people can find that sovereignty within and at the end of the day outward.
So we do it in an inside movement, inside outward and outside in as well, being aware
of what's going on.
Well, you're right.
The transformation starts from the inside and then it moves outside.
You're you're, you've nailed it.
You're exactly right.
We've only got about a minute left with Yasha.
Um, any final thoughts before we wrap this up and, and, uh, also I want to thank you
in advance for being on the show today, but final thoughts.
Yeah, just, you know, just thinking, uh, Earth Amplified, JBLAST, the whole crew, the Brooklyn
crew, the Oakland community, and Biggle solid Foo Fighters worldwide, Vandana Shiva, um,
all amazing, beautiful, noble souls that we around within this time who are actually standing
up for truth and light.
Um, may it be so, and may we go onward.
Amen to that.
Thank you for your contribution to this, to this fight for food justice.
Thank you for what you do.
Thank you for being who you are.
I, I, uh, I really, really was inspired by your video and I want to encourage everybody
out there to go, go check it out.
Food Fight by Seasons.
Check it out.
Spread the word.
It's good stuff.
All right, your freedoms are on the line.
The second amendment is in danger.
How soon before your freedoms are taken away, what can you not live without?
What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns?
Is it your home?
No, it's food.
It all boils down to the food supply.
Tyrannical governments control people by controlling their food supply.
Don't be dependent.
Be self-sufficient.
Don't wait for the government to feed you.
Feed yourself.
I can warn you, but I can't feed you.
Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from eFoods Direct.
It's the best long-term storable food on the planet.
Get the popular Mega Patriot Pack free, a 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot
and fuel.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot Packs
free with purchase.
Build your food supply, be in control, be self-sufficient and be a patriot.
Call 800-409-5633 or eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get your free Patriot Pack today.
We all know that Berkey water purification systems are the most trusted name in water
filtration.
As an authorized Berkey dealer for over six years and serving thousands of satisfied customers,
the Berkey guy offers amazing specials for Berkey water filtration systems.
The Berkey light systems include a set of self-sterilizing and re-cleanable black purification
elements that purify water by removing chlorine, pathogenic bacteria, cysts and parasites to
non-detectable levels and remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides and pesticides.
Order the Berkey light system today complete with two black Berkey elements for only $231
and the Berkey guy will ship your order free of charge.
With the purchase of a Berkey light, the Berkey guy is also offering a set of fluoride and
arsenic filters for only $39.99.
That's over 30% off the retail price.
Call the Berkey guy at 1-877-886-3653.
That's 1-877-886-3653 or order online at GoBerkey.com.
That's GoBerkey.com today.
It's time for a home security quiz.
Answer this.
What effective home security device is smaller than a coffee cup fakes up burglars into thinking
someone is home at your house while you're away, plugs into any wall outlet, is recommended
by many police departments and sells for less than $35?
Yes, it's fake TV.
This year about one in every 50 U.S. homes will have a break in with burglars usually
picking the easy target, a dark house that looks like no one is home.
Fake TV is a small electronic security device that makes it look like someone is home watching
TV by simulating the light from a real TV.
It's like a lamp on a timer but far more convincing and for only $34.95, fake TV could be the
difference between coming home to a secure house or one that's been ransacked.
Go to Faketv.com or call 1-877-5FAKETV.
That's 877-532-5388 or go to Faketv.com.
Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
Yeah we're back here on the Alex Jones Show.
Thank you for joining us.
This is Mike Adams, Health Ranger filling in today.
Yeah and this is my final segment today because the next hour we feature an interview with
Immortal Technique.
That's Alex Jones and Immortal Technique coming up in just a few minutes so you don't want
to miss that.
It's interesting, we're talking to a lot of musical artists because they have such passion
for justice and for truth across the board.
I think it's great.
And by the way, you might ask, well how come I'm not covering all of the police state news?
I am going to cover more news here but the bottom line is Alex gets that topic nailed.
My job is to come in here and cover a little bit of different things of what's going on
out there from the world of health, from the world of food and GMOs and just to bring in
some different angles of what I'm seeing out there because I don't come in here and try
to be Alex.
I come in here with my own take on what's happening and from my experience as the Health
Ranger and so on.
And by the way, along those lines, check out infowarsstore.com, we've got the Health Ranger
lineup right there in the store today for the first time.
This is the milestone day and we're going to be supplying Infowars store with all the
Health Ranger select products from here forward so you can support Infowars and stay healthy
with the cleanest food, so clean, super foods, turmeric supplements, the only stuff that
I'm willing to put my name on, that's what we produce.
This is actually produced right here in Texas, I don't mean it's grown in Texas, I mean it's
packaged in a certified organic facility that we put together out here.
Also the Infowars magazine, the next issue is now out, the newest issue, Civil War II
on the cover and it's got an American flag on the cover, check out the magazine, get
yourself a subscription.
This thing is loaded with great information, the layout is amazing, the artists who are
involved with this, the layout artists, this is a blast to read and it's super educational,
it's got some great sponsors, so check out that magazine, subscribe at infowarsstore.com.
I'm going to take one home with me actually, hot off the presses here man, that's one of
the little fringe benefits of filling in for Alex is I get my hands on these magazines
faster than most other people, so that's fun.
Here's some other news that's breaking right now, Paul Joseph Watson's story up at infowars.com,
DHS censors information about firearms purchases.
You know how we reported that DHS was purchasing 7,000 full auto assault rifles for their immigration
and customs enforcement project, right, give me a break, I need 7,000 assault rifles to
deal with immigrants, really?
Anyway they started blacking out the numbers of rifles that they're purchasing now because
I guess they got tired of Paul Joseph Watson monitoring their bids and finding out that
they're purchasing 2 billion rounds of ammo and 7,000 assault rifles and so on, so they're
blacking out the numbers.
Next item, gun registration, criminals are exempt.
This is an article from James Wesley Rawls, man, that's what happens when I shoot 50 cows
next to Alex and Shane, I get a little head concussion and then I screw things up.
It's from survivalblog.com.
James Wesley Rawls, one absurdity of gun registration, criminals are exempt, and it's true, Supreme
Court decision says that criminals do not have to comply, in fact are forbidden from
complying with gun registration laws because of the Fifth Amendment and the protection
against self-incrimination.
So the best way to not have to register your firearms is to become a criminal, according
to the Supreme Court.
How crazy does it get?
All right, well folks, that's about it for me today, but Alex Jones coming up next with
Immortal Technique, an hour-long special interview broadcasting next, and I'll be hosting Infowars
Nightly News tonight with some breaking news, and Jim Mars is our guest, so don't miss that.
Thank you for joining us today, it's been a pleasure being here, and I'll be on next
week with more news.
Take care.
You are listening to GCN, visit GCNlive.com today.
Your freedoms are on the line.
The Second Amendment is in danger.
How soon before your freedoms are taken away?
What can you not live without?
What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns?
Is it your home?
No, it's food.
It all boils down to the food supply.
The radical governments control people by controlling their food supply.
Don't be dependent.
Be self-sufficient.
Don't wait for the government to feed you.
Feed yourself.
I can warn you, but I can't feed you.
Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from eFoods Direct.
It's the best long-term, storable food on the planet.
Get the popular Mega Patriot Pack free, a 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot,
and fuel.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot Packs
free with purchase.
Build your food supply, be in control, be self-sufficient, and be a patriot.
Call 800-409-5633 or eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get your free Patriot Pack today.
Waging war on corruption.
Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Purpose of life is a life with a purpose, so I'd rather die for cause than live a life
that is worthless.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups.
People can't hear me because I say it through hip-hop, and no matter what the venue is,
they'll still think hip-hop, irresponsible, arrogant young people, or they'll hear you
say something and they'll say, oh, man, I love this guy, but he went crazy on Piers
and I don't think that he should represent the movement that way.
At some point, you and I will only touch a fraction of the people that we need to speak
to, and yet I think that what's important about it is to have so many diverse groups
of individuals who have the same core message.
What's behind the mask?
The mortal technique, one of, or if not the most successful independent rappers or hip-hop
stars in the world, millions and millions of downloads, hundreds of thousands of CDs
back when they still had that.
Here today in Austin, Texas, to talk about The Martyr, his new CD, very powerful music,
and a new film he's got coming out with some pretty big heavy hitters, and so, but he goes
by tech.
A mortal technique is here in studio with us with the beautiful Barrett 50 Cal.
Let's start with, I said, what do you wanna cover first?
You said guns.
I said, hey, grab the 50 Cal out of the safe.
So that's why the 50 Cal is here on the table, specifically, Second Amendment.
Tell me where you stand on that.
You're never gonna ban guns in this country.
You know what I mean?
I mean, you can read the Dick Act of 1902.
We're talking about it being against the Constitution for them to do that.
Did people misuse this as a tool?
Yes.
Did someone try to blow themselves up on a plane?
Yes.
Whether it was a shoe bomber or a guy with a grenade strapped to his underwear, we all
have to go through a screening now because of that.
And do I agree with people being screened and having to have some sort of mental capacity
to own a weapon like this?
Yes, absolutely.
However, I always tell people that before we get into an alarmist position, if the government
wants to attack you, for example, people in New York, I tell them, they don't have to
take away your guns.
They can just turn the water off.
Can the average person in New York drink out of the Hudson?
Can they drink out of the East River?
No, they control every other resource about you.
And that's why they want you so dependent.
Guns are kind of the vestigial sign of one of the last freedoms we've got and I could
go to the issues of- No, no, no, also my, not to interrupt you,
my big shout out to my friend Dave Gomez, Chief Warrant Officer.
We had this conversation and I said, what good would light arms like an AR-15 be against
a division of heavily armored troops that came in?
In other words, what good would your pea shooters be?
And he said to me, it's working really well for those people in Afghanistan.
They don't have advanced weaponry.
It's the willingness to die.
It's the willingness to resist.
Look how frightened they were of a guy like Chris Dorner.
One man, regardless of whether you or I think that story is true or the public does, one
man, he wasn't armed with bazookas and tanks.
The police were so scared, they shot up multiple innocent people, were hyperventilating in
fear and then said, we're gonna burn it down, burned it down, and then told us you didn't
hear that.
And anyone that would dare to question whether the government was corrupt or not, or whether
his position was right, is automatically painted as if they support murder, right?
The reality is this, when you kill someone without due process, that's murder.
The cops basically went in there and murdered him.
Did he murder people?
Absolutely.
Was he wrong for that?
Yes.
Did they want him alive?
No, because if they got him alive and he stood trial, I think it would have been the end
of it.
I think that people would have been like, are you kidding me?
Is this guy about to blow the lid on how fascist this system has become, on how people have
been trained to think this way?
And I know we always talk about Nazi Germany, but the Germans were not animals, Alex.
They were human beings.
They were conditioned.
When you read the stories of the SS officers that were given a puppy, you know what I mean,
to have during their time in the academy.
Then they had to kill it.
And the last order is, shoot the puppy in the head.
Unflinching absolute loyalty, unquestioning to what they think is the republic, to what
they think is what is supposed to be the- And it was done by increments, just like we've
become so evil by increment.
A little bit more, a little bit more, rationalize, give in to it.
And pretty soon.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your
arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe.
It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit or shed.
Getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no
need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
Introducing Pro1.
All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go.
No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolicic
acid.
Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
Aquamedics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one filter
element.
It is the only one that does it, and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off
with promo code WATER.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolicic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro Pure with the new Pro1 filters today at infowarskstore.com or by calling
888-253-3139.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now.
Or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
You know, it's interesting to be on this program because a lot of people will approach me and
they'll be like, I can't believe you're going to do this show.
And I think that there are a lot of perceptions about yourself that that people have the wrong
idea about.
When people say to me, oh, Alex Jones, you mean the guy who talks like the micro machine
man and puts all these dates and stuff into it?
I say, listen, if you slow down what he's saying and you look literally one sentence
by one sentence, you have 200 things to research within the span of that.
And I think that sometimes what would benefit you is to slow it down and say, hey, man,
you know what?
Today we're just going to deal with this.
No, I agree.
But here's the problem.
The way my brain works.
I think most people actually work this way.
Is that is that when people start like that, the problem is the way my brain moves, there's
like a hundred different fact.
What people think I'm talking fast.
That's like one one hundredth because when I see something, I know all the connections
and how it integrates because I've read all the establishment publications.
And then I know the three or they're thinking like a three level chess.
The general public's playing checkers and they want to keep us in a checkers level.
And that's what's so frustrating is I can see their end game.
You know, you're not one of these guys who came out and said the whole fascism started
with the black guy crowd.
You know what I mean?
I remember you from the Bush administration days being out there saying, do you realize
what's happening here in America?
You know, you are looking at it through a right left paradigm is what you were saying
to people.
When in reality, it doesn't matter who's going to be there.
Whoever comes after Bush is going to have to cross the T's and dot the I's.
Well, no, that's it.
Cynthia McKinney was on my show about a month ago.
She's back on next week.
The former congresswoman, for those that I'm sure most viewers know, she is.
And she said, look, it's not that Barack Obama's the lesser of two evils.
He's the more effective Mitt Romney would have done the exact same thing, but couldn't
have gotten away with as much.
And I think that, look, if someone else had been able to be in that position, smiling
and then sending all of these troops and mercenaries back into Iraq, back into Afghanistan, exploiting
the natural resources, deporting as many people as he did, which we'll get into later.
I think that that would have garnered a lot more hatred if it had happened from a right
wing Republican white guy, as opposed to someone who has the impression of being an incredibly
liberal individual and yet follows a secretive agenda that really doesn't answer to anybody.
All I can say is I'm a true independent.
I tweeted earlier today and said, you know, two real independents, you're a real independent.
You're not controlled.
I mean, I think I first met you seven, eight years ago in New York and I've had a chance
to be at a few of your events and you've been there at a showing of Endgame.
And I just respect the fact that I agree with about 85% of what you stand for.
And I probably agree with the other 15 if I fully understood it or had time to follow
it all.
But most of what I've heard you talk about, I agree with.
But you're through a different prism, a different perspective, a different scanner darkly.
Myself as well, my only issue is this, whatever the globalists are really pushing, it may
have a bunch of good reasons and a cover story associated with it of why it sounds good.
But I look at what their internal documents, leaked documents, what the larger end game
is.
Absolutely.
And so I'm like, we can't open borders because the globalists want a North American union.
They want to implode Mexico under 2021, force everybody off their land into maquiladoras,
then up here to drive down wages, then to create a culture clash.
See if the system was trying to unify things for everybody to be friends, it'd be different.
In the name of, quote, liberalism, they then sell it as, but I mean, it would take an hour
to break the whole thing down.
But we'll get into that.
I think the reality is that people often misunderstand and misrepresent the mythology of America.
For example, the creation of the United States in the fact that when Britain surrendered,
it seeded a series of territories that didn't belong to them.
When Mexico surrendered to the United States after the Mexican-American War, it seeded
a series of territories that did not belong to them.
All of these Native American tribes, they weren't ruled solely by Spain.
As a matter of fact, Spain couldn't exercise control over them.
The Mexican government couldn't exercise control.
No, I agree.
And then the other part of it becomes from when I hear people talk about who deserves
to be here and who doesn't.
Because I've met people who don't have papers legally, right?
And yet they serve their country in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Now, mind you, that's not a war that I necessarily believe in.
But when I hear a bunch of-
But it's hypocrisy.
When I hear a bunch of chicken hawks saying, you're not down with America.
I look at them and I say, hey, what did you ever do to be considered American besides
fall out of some wretched hole in Kansas or New York or Texas?
Here's a guy who barely speaks the language and yet he's putting his life on the line
for the perceived safety of the United States.
Now, regardless of whether you or I agree with the premise of the war-
He's paid dues.
Behind it, right, he's paid his dues.
No, I get that.
The people, if you're drinking orange juice out there, if you're wearing clothes that
are made of cotton as opposed to hemp because they have to outlaw that.
If you're eating strawberries in the winter, blueberries in the winter, that doesn't grow
in the winter.
It had to come from plantation-like atmospheres.
We've overthrown governments overseas just to keep-
I agree, globalism, neocolonialism.
And it's tied into neoliberalism as well.
The idea that everything's for sale, that the air's for sale, that the water's for sale.
These people wanna privatize every aspect of human life.
Whatever the establishment wants, you can bet it's not good for the general public.
I don't care what color you are.
I mean, here's an example.
I like the immigrants that I know from Mexico, and they tend to be better family people,
not decadent, spoiled brat Americans.
I don't care what color the spoiled brat American is.
We've had it good so long, they're spoiled brats.
And that's an over stereotype, but there's some reality to it where there's smoker's
fire.
But then the Mexican government, if I go down there, will shake me down, beat me up, steal
my car.
I can't move down there and go have a baby paid for at the hospital.
I can't get all this stuff free.
And then I'm criticized up here by Mexico for how bad I am when Mexico has their most
draconian anti-immigrant laws in all of Latin America.
See, I'm just sick of always hearing inherently that America's bad.
What's bad is this imperial global corporate British model that corporations have adopted
that is now open source for these elites.
I think though that what needs to happen in that conversation, cuz I love to read the
criticisms of myself, not only because I find them funny and they're not true, but also
because it gives me a chance to debunk these things.
Me too, it's entertaining.
When people say to me, Alex Jones, you mean the guy who talks like the micro machine man
and puts all these dates and stuff into it?
I say, listen, if you slow down what he's saying, and you look literally one sentence
by one sentence, you have 200 things to research within the span of that.
And I think that sometimes what would benefit you is to slow it down and say, hey, man,
you know what?
Today we're just gonna deal with this.
No, I agree, but here's the problem, the way my brain works, I think most people's actually
work this way.
Is that-
I love when people start like that, the problem is the way my brain works.
There's like a hundred different, in fact, what people think I'm talking fast, that's
like 1,100th.
Right.
Because when I see something, I know all the connections and how it integrates, cuz I've
read all the establishment publications.
And then I know the three, they're thinking like a three level chess, the general public's
playing checkers.
Right.
And they wanna keep us in a checkers level, and that's what's so frustrating is that I
can see their end game.
But listen, we talked for about five minutes, right when you got here, about some of the
things we wanna talk about, and we're kinda hitting the end of it.
Sure.
At the start, but it's going awesome.
In the limited time we've got with you, because I know you got a show to do, let's start with,
I said, what do you wanna cover first?
You said guns.
So I said, hey, grab the.50 cal out of the safe.
So that's why the.50 cal is here on the table, because on your shirt is the AK-47, a mortal
technique since 1492, I get it.
We the indigenous peoples are seizing our right to self determination and to be armed.
Let's just touch on that.
I always tell people when they come to me, they say, revolution, you have a lot of revolutionary
figures from Latin America that are from the left wing.
I explain to people, our revolution doesn't come with socialism or communism.
That's an adverse effect of America's pressure.
Originally, we heard the great prognosticator of democracy come down to Latin America at
a time when we had a series of horrible imperialist military dictatorships that governments now
are trying to resemble.
Where if you were convicted of raping a woman as a military officer, you could get out of
it by agreeing to marry her.
The most insane type of laws you could possibly imagine that govern the government.
But when we look at that, when people were saying you can have a democracy and you can
vote for your own leaders, we thought that's wonderful.
What a great idea.
And then the great proselytizer of democracy we realized was the same one backing up Stroessner,
Batista, the imperialist governments that existed in Latin America.
And the country and the people of Latin America said, what else do you have on the table?
Who else has something besides- And the Soviets came.
And the Soviets and the Chinese came.
And I explained to people, yes, that's a natural part of our society.
But what we have to explain to individuals is, we didn't need a European man to come
from the 19th century and explain to us dark people in Latin America the complex concept
of- Plus anybody from Europe or the US, no matter what color they are, if they've got
globalist backing, they're coming with the corporate jackals.
They're coming with the economic hitmen, and so that's the issue.
But then you find out that the mega banks, and this isn't a conspiracy, this is on record,
funded the communist movement knowing Europe was revolting against the robber barons and
the royalty.
So they created a new fake grassroots movement that they could control.
So it's the same thing with the Soviets going in there, absolutely.
It's like running from Bush to Obama, and then running from Obama to Mitt Romney.
They're all part of the same thing.
So what do you say for America and Latin America and the world?
What is at your core, moral tech, what is at the core of your belief, studying this
so long, being an articulate, smart guy who's been around the world?
From your historical research then, what system do you like?
Because look, you got Peter Thiel, the big Bilderberg guy, trying to take over the libertarian
movement right now, and turning it into a fake privatization tyranny.
How do you beat something that metastasizes and, like the thing, turns into whatever you
run to?
Like you run to one system and it's real at first, but when you turn around, the thing
grabs it, absorbs it.
And then you turn around, and it looks like what you thought it was, but it isn't.
I am the one who said it.
Yeah, you know my CEO corporate steez, please overthrow governments overseas in a breeze.
Politicians in my pockets for a few hundred Gs, so if I'm never in court, my assets are
never freed.
I got a job and a house and a bank account, when I'm out, I doubt that's something you
can say.
And if not, then I think definitely, can the play make money every day the world burns
on the taxes?
Why y'all struggling to pay taxes?
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning
needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Don't throw away leftovers.
Instead, throw all your leftovers, vegetable peels, egg shells, coffee grounds, pizza crusts
and more into the Bokashi.
If you love to garden and compost but don't like the hassle of turning a compost bin or
the smell, then check out the EM Bokashi Food Waste Recycling System from Tereganics.
Finally, a way to recycle all your food and plant waste safely and effectively and stop
using fertilizers.
The EM Bokashi Food Waste Recycling System.
Rather than decomposition, the Bokashi system uses fermentation to break down waste so it
takes less time to create nutrient dense humus for crops or gardens with no turning and no
obnoxious odors.
To learn more and order your Bokashi online, visit Tereganics.com and click on the orange
button.
That's Tereganics.com, spelled T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X dot com or call 866-369-3678.
That's 866-369-3678.
Recycle all your food wastes in about six weeks with the Bokashi Food Waste Recycling
System from Tereganics.com.
Tereganics.
Life's getting better.
Now there's an amazing new natural antibiotic every person must have.
Stels Alive Silver Solution and it destroys over 650 hard to kill viruses, fungus, bacteria
and much more.
Stels Alive Silver Solution has no expiration date, is great for emergency kits and storage
shelters and comes in 8 or 16 ounce bottles.
Order today at 888-910-4367 or visit hempusa.org.
Hempusa.org, 100% chemical free super foods and unique health products.
We the people grow cotton, we fabric, engrave ink, embed strips and fibers to protect from
counterfeit and carting to a private bank, having it lead back at interest, forcing taxes
to service debt.
This capitalism or was Jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing the public
currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than a standing army.
Hi, Ted Anderson.
I'm placing a free silver dollar in a book that explains our monetary system.
Call for your copy, 800-686-2237.
It's time to understand the system.
Call 800-686-2237.
That's 800-686-2237.
It's an MRE Smorgasbord at longlifefood.com.
In 1983, Long Life Food Depot was one of the first to sell MRE pouches to the public and
we're still selling them almost 30 years later.
Today, Long Life Food Depot has the world's most complete MRE online buffet because MREs
are all we do.
Tasty varieties of chicken, beef, salmon and pasta entrees plus sandwiches and our easy
to use pouches.
Full moisture, long shelf life and ready to eat hot or cold.
We sell by the pouch or case so the choices are endless and so are the graduated quantity
discounts.
The more you buy, the more you save.
Call 800-601-2833 or go to longlifefood.com to join our email list for upcoming announcements
like the rollaway food pod plus enjoy fast and free shipping.
Just call 800-601-2833 or visit longlifefood.com.
Emergency preparedness, emergency relief, longlifefood.com since 1983, sending real
food to your real future.
The people who run this society, they present themselves as moral leaders.
When you see somebody selling their body for money in the street, it's obvious that they're
showcasing themselves.
The prostitution is a visible object.
When someone sells their soul for money, how obvious is that because it happens every single
day as much as people who sell their body and they do more harm to American citizens
and they do more harm to human beings than anybody else.
And that's why they wanna make everybody poor is so we'll sell out to them.
They don't want us being independent, amazing information.
I wanted to get, I mean behind the scenes though, you said they'll never get rid of
the guns.
You said that on air, but I mean bottom line, you also talked about drones.
My point is this gun's been using one crime to rob an armored car, not this gun, but one
back in the 80s, the Barrett 50 cal, okay?
Why would you need a Barrett in case you send drones to my house?
Yeah, that was the point you made, I wanted you to repeat, but it's larger than that.
You could also do all sorts of things just with a can of gasoline.
The issue is it isn't about the can of gasoline or the truck or the gun, it is about the mindset
and more of these guns out there makes it a freer society.
Can I offer something, I mean, I understand your point and we can, that's a perfectly
debatable issue.
I know people that would disagree or agree with that as well.
But I can offer another rationale instead of blaming guns, right, for all the violence
in America like people are trying to do now.
Instead of blaming video games like they're trying to do in Congress or violent movies,
right?
How about the fact that this country, this republic-
Was born of blood.
Only had 20 years of peace since its inception.
Now, I would like to be able to blame this or blame something else, but I think that
that's a very near-sighted solution.
Just to look at it, yes, this- Now, we have a history of piracy.
This does kill people, yes, absolutely.
But so did Greek fire, so did a whole lot of other things that people invented and used.
So did diseases that were given- Smallpox.
Indigenous people purposefully, one of the first examples of genetic warfare against
indigenous people by Europeans.
That's in the British manual.
And I think, thank you for pointing that out, because this is the point that I'm trying
to make.
We won't have that critical discussion about how violent our government is and how violent
our society is.
Blaming it on this is the easiest way out.
It prevents you from looking inward and saying, what have I become complicit to in America?
Well, let me say this, because what you say is absolutely on target.
But here's the paradox.
The United States was the giant, one of the last true freebooting, pirating, piratical,
absolute, bets-are-off craziness, where you had all the different native tribes trying
to get this tribe to fight with that tribe, and the French, and the Spanish, and the British,
and the militias.
And really, it was a free-for-all.
And we really look at a lot of the groups using the same tactics.
But the issue is that it was in that age, it was in that time.
And if you look at that, there was a lot of murder and death, but it produced incredible
wealth.
Look at Europe, though, even more people actually killed by governments, and killed by the church,
and killed by other things, but it was the stagnation.
So I'm not saying any of the evil in our history is a good thing or riding it off.
I'm saying the quieter evil has gone on in China and in Japan, where a samurai wanted
to test out a sword, he would just chop up a few of his servants, and that was seen as
okay.
And I'm not attacking the Japanese either.
My point is that the history has been skewed and twisted, not to demonize America, not
to defend America, but to really not show people what really went on.
And I don't even know what the point is, other than that why did, because there's other empires,
why did 5% of the world population end up getting half the wealth?
Now that's all ending.
And I think it was because there was that absolute out of control behavior going on
where the central powers weren't in control.
It allowed more creativity and people to do what they wanted, separating that from all
the killing and violence.
Right, I think one thing that people need to realize is empires don't fall apart because
they lose wars.
We haven't won a war since World War II.
We didn't win in Vietnam.
I know Korean War veterans that schooled me to the game, and even though I'm not a huge
fan of war, I always thank people for their service, cuz at least they had the courage
to go, excuse my language, rather than the people who got 1,200 deferments and have no
problem sending young-
Sure, you can respect the individual for what they went through.
But I think the point is that empires begin to die when people no longer believe in them.
I mean, the partial collapse of the Soviet Union was due to the massive amount of cynicism
that existed because the government was no longer believable outside of Moscow.
In other words, the people that were living in this Siddhartha-like enclosement were like,
yeah, this is the free Soviet-
Lockshell chess cube.
And then everybody outside was like, are you kidding me?
You don't even have on paper what is going on here.
Do you realize what's happening in Poland?
Do you realize what's happening in Eastern Europe and Romania and all these other places?
Do you have any clue?
I mean, would you even be able to last for a day there without losing your mind?
And I think that that's where we're at right now.
The level of cynicism in this country has gotten to the point where people are saying,
is there hope left for the republic?
Can we save it?
Is it worth saving?
We're on the march.
The empire's on the run.
Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
A little over a year ago, I began to do a lot of research into why, even if I had a
pretty good-sized meal, that I was still starving.
And my research led me to a well-known fact that most of the soils that we grow our crops
on here in the United States and across the industrialized world are almost completely
depleted of almost all of the key minerals and trace elements that our bodies need to
rebuild themselves, fight off cancer, and be healthy.
I then searched out the best vitamin and mineral company out there and discovered Young Jevity.
The Young Jevity products are designed to give you the real nutrition you need.
And once you've got that, you don't have to eat as much to be satisfied.
I've lost 37 pounds in two months, simply getting the vitamins and minerals I need.
Check it out for yourself.
It's incredible.
Go to infowarsteam.com today and order your first canister of Beyond Tangy Tangerine complete
multivitamin mineral complex dietary supplement.
That's infowarsteam.com.
It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, moles, and fungus can inflict severe
damage in the human body.
Fortunately, a new and vastly improved silver solution has been developed.
Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary broad spectrum antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal
solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin.
Supernatural Silver is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers using a patented
technology that is highly effective against colds, flus, infections, food poisoning, and
yeast in addition to many other pathogens.
Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe, and is the number one choice
of thousands of people for immune system support.
Find out how Supernatural Silver could change your life.
Go to supernaturalsilver.com and use the promo code healthy for 20% off.
That's supernaturalsilver.com and like us on Facebook.
You may be arrested and or subject to other police action.
Tyranny is here.
The grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality.
It really says that the state is God.
The United States is now recognized globally as one of the most impressive police states
on earth.
This film conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps now being
expanded nationwide.
This documentary exposes how the continuity of government program has established an all-powerful
shadow state.
Police state four chronicles the sickening depths to which our republic has fallen.
Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship, body scanners, sound cameras,
citizen spies, stage terror, and cameras on every street corner.
It's only the beginning of the new world order's hellish plan.
The police state isn't coming.
It's here.
Secure your copy today at infowars.com or see it online in the highest quality at prisonplanet.tv.
I always tell people when they come to me, they say, oh, you know, revolution, you have
a lot of revolutionary figures from Latin America that are from the left wing.
I explained to people our revolution doesn't come with socialism or communism.
That's an adverse effect of America's pressure.
Originally, we heard the great prognosticator of democracy come down to Latin America at
a time when we had a series of horrible imperialist military dictatorships that governments now
are trying to resemble.
You know, where, you know, if you were convicted of raping a woman as a military officer, you
could get out of it by agreeing to marry her.
The most insane type of laws you could possibly imagine that govern the government.
But when we look at that, when people were saying you can have a democracy and you can
vote for your own leaders, we thought that's wonderful.
What a great idea.
And then the great proselytizer of democracy, we realized, was the same one backing up Stroessner,
at least, you know, the imperialist governments that existed in Latin America and the country
and the people of Latin America said, what else do you have on the table?
Who else has something besides the Soviets and the Chinese came?
And I explained to people, yes, that's a natural part of our society.
But what we have to explain to individuals is we didn't need a European man to come from
the 19th century and explain to us dark people in Latin America the complex concept.
Plus anybody from Europe or the US, no matter what color they are, if they've got globalist
backing, they're coming with the corporate jackals.
They're coming with the economic hitmen.
And so that's the issue.
But then you find out that the mega banks, this isn't a conspiracy, this is on record,
funded the communist movement knowing Europe was revolting against the robber barons and
the royalty.
So they created a new fake grassroots movement that they could control.
So it's the same thing with the Soviets going in there, absolutely.
It's like running from Bush to Obama and then running from Obama to Mitt Romney.
They're all part of the same thing.
So what do you say for America and Latin America and the world?
What is at your core, moral technique, tech, what is at the core of your belief studying
this so long, being articulate, smart guy who's been around the world?
From your historical research, then what system do you like?
Because look, you got Peter Thiel, the big Bilderberg guy, trying to take over the libertarian
movement right now and turning it into a fake privatization tyranny.
How do you beat something that metastasizes and like the thing turns into whatever you
run to?
Like you run to one system and it's real at first, but when you turn around, the thing
grabs it, absorbs it.
And then you turn around and it looks like what you thought it was, but it isn't.
Now when you discuss all of these issues that are going on in the world, I think what people
don't do is they don't connect the actual history to it.
And I think that's where I try to implement that to them or implement those ideas.
When I say, hey, listen, if you look at the history of Russia and the quote unquote USSR
bringing freedom, do they bring freedom to Eastern Europe?
No, they brought mass murder and death.
You have to understand, they did the same thing to Eastern Europe that America did to
Central America and to the Caribbean.
They colonized it.
Right, colonized it, took it over and said, you know what, we're gonna make you dependent
on us to the point that they can still shut off the gas in the Ukraine five years ago.
This is not a conspiracy and people talk to me about 9-11 and they say, hey, how can you
not believe the government story?
And I always say, listen, I am not sitting here saying that I know exactly what happened,
but you know what?
I will say this much, I cannot believe the government because they couldn't tell the
truth about the air to breathe to people.
That's the simplest thing in the world.
That's it, if they've been caught lying over and over and over again and caught doing false
flags, you've got to question it.
But breaking that down, sure, you've had colonial powers and the British are the most successful
model so it's been adopted by the corporations and-
Reinforced with religion, reinforced with neoliberalism now, reinforced with the-
Sure, well, that's their cover.
I mean, it's like giving Obama a peace prize.
But what I'm saying is now they put out that Dinesh D'Souza film and I interviewed him
and he's saying Obama is anti-colonialist.
That's why he's doing all this stuff and it's the opposite.
Obama has a CIA cover as an anti-colonialist.
But clearly, his job is to bring in global corporate colonialism that's so powerful now,
the banks are above the law, they issue the money, and they're gonna dissolve the countries
and even the old empires into one global empire.
And then what's its ideology?
Other empires were domination, total control, but most empires, unless it was Hitler, and
what he tried to establish as the neo-Germanic empire, did not want to exterminate everybody.
That had been done some with the natives in some of the areas, but this is a eugenics
based exterminism, which isn't fair to say ultra-Hitlerian because Hitler got his ideas
from these people.
So how do you talk to the left, the right, the people that are into native rights, people
that are UN stuff, when all of it's a projection of a global corporate takeover?
Because they have these ideas based on mainstream media about who we're fighting against.
You know, for example, if you tell the average American, we're not at war with radical Islam,
they think you're crazy.
They say, no, we're not at war with communism.
They think you're insane until you say, hey, wait a minute, we're not at war with radical
Islam because who's our biggest ally in the region?
Saudi Arabia, their brand of Wahhabism is like the Taliban with money, and they have
the influence to interfere in Syria.
And what about communism, when they say, we're not against communism, how could you say that?
Who's our biggest economic partner?
China.
China, so you know who we're really at war with, and I tell people all the time, we're
at war with people that say no to us, no to the agenda of the people who run behind-
Wow, it's a mafia.
That's technically how it is.
I mean, if we don't give access to natural resources as a third world entity, we find
ourselves on a hit list.
You find yourself being persecuted, being brought down-
If you try to be sovereign.
It doesn't matter if you're a communist government, or it doesn't matter if you are a capitalist
entity that just wants a little more of the slice.
They'll portray you, one, as a Stalinist, or two, they'll portray you as a kleptocracy,
when in reality, who were you stealing money for?
You, we just didn't wanna cut you in anymore because you felt like it's America, you weren't
doing enough to get your slice.
You know a lot of the Republicans are racist, or tribal, or are using it, at least.
But with Democrats, from my real research, they were the party of the Klan, they were
the party of the South, they couldn't win.
And so Margaret Sanger and the Rockefellers, and I've got their memos, those aren't public,
those are in the Library of Congress.
They said, we're gonna pose as liberals, we're gonna hire the black leaders, we're gonna
kill these weeds.
I don't think black people are weeds, not because I'm some bleeding heart person, I
don't want any people being treated like slaves, cuz I know we're all humans, and it all comes
back on us.
So I've said that, your take on the Nancy Pelosi's, the Harry Reid's, the neo-liberals.
Because from my research, they know they're not liberals.
These people are hard, you want the real racist?
Cuz Republicans will just use it for control.
You want the real racist, look at how they use both sides.
I think that what people don't realize is that when you use code language to talk about
people, you know what I mean?
When you play the holier than thou card, and I'm a good Christian soul, the pathos, the
ethos of the argument doesn't equal up, which is why Republicans look like hypocrites.
The problem is that people don't examine the actual end result of some of the policies
of Democrats at that specific time, you know what I mean?
I think, for example, Obama gets a huge pass, I wanted to ask him this.
I really hope when he gets out of office, I say to him, you know what?
I saw you on TV shed tears for children from Sandy Hook.
Totally fake.
Without even that, without injecting that control into the conversation, I wanna ask
him, how many tears have you ever shed for the children of Pakistan, for the children
of Yemen, for the children of Gaza, whose drones and planes sponsored by America fly
over and kill them?
Have you shed one tear for them?
You know what I mean?
Have you said one prayer in your private quiet time?
Because if you have, I've never heard it, and maybe you don't think it's popular enough
to do, but it's necessary.
Two, I think that when you talk about a liberal bias or when you talk about any of these aspects
of society, you can frame it in whatever way you want to, right?
But if you are still controlled by the people economically, it doesn't matter what you claim
to be.
In other words, if I say I'm a martial artist, Alex, and yet some guy comes in and lays me
out with one punch, I don't know a simple block, I'm not a martial artist.
If I claim, yeah, I'm a doctor, you are eating something, you start choking, I can't even
perform the Heimlich.
I'm not a doctor, I'm a fraud.
Most of these people that are out there that permeate this sort of idea that they're some
bleeding heart, I don't see them on the front lines of this stuff.
I don't see them willing to get their hands dirty.
They're like Pontius Pilate.
This isn't my problem.
In the same way that we look at it and we say, America came to the rescue of Jewish
people in World War II.
No, you didn't, you sent the St. Louis back.
That's what you did, you know what I mean?
Don't sit here and recreate a lie.
Our elite funded Hitler.
We have a guy that we have commemorated called Christopher Columbus, right?
But I always tell Catholics and Italians, you can find somebody better from the Catholic
Church even though in my mind, the institution itself is corrupt.
You can find somebody like a bishop-
Mother Teresa.
Anybody who's a better example.
Italians, you can find a mother who sells pizza in Brooklyn right now who's a better
example of an Italian American than Christopher Columbus who never even touched America and
who was prostituting eight and nine year old girls.
Eight and nine year old indigenous women.
That should break the heart of every parent who's watching this program right now.
If we don't confront that-
But see, it's the dehumanization.
It's just like Obama decided to flip the switch and cry for the Sandy Hook because it was
an agenda.
But they will never personalize the kids killed by drones or the million plus Iraqis because
it all is a big cold blooded show.
And it's all about how they're punching our buttons and then they're basically dehumanizing
the whole of humanity.
You're absolutely right.
Let me ask you something.
I know that you are a supporter of Israel to a certain degree.
At least someone's told me that, I don't know if that's true.
What do you think about the way that Palestinians are disenfranchised to their human rights?
We're not with the Newt Gingrich crowd here, that they're an invented people.
Cuz when he said that, I was like, what are Americans?
You know what I mean?
It's a collective of European people that didn't wanna be ruled.
No, I mean clearly the people that got kicked out of that area of Israel or Palestine are
Palestinians.
The people that lived in Palestine.
Yeah.
So it's like-
I think there's sometimes-
Well listen, that's all a misrepresentation.
Right.
Just like at the start of the interview, they take like a 15 year old clip-
Right.
Out of context where I'm saying, I said, now from the perspective though, the UN is against
Israel.
They're playing both sides.
Now then, from that perspective, and you watch, people will cut this out.
Right.
I said, I support the state of Israel's right to exist, and then I went on to say, but I
don't support what they're doing.
Right.
Now that was like 14, 15 years ago, but I guess in like 1998, so 14, 15 years ago.
Cuz I always thought to myself- But had you seen that clip?
No, no, someone had played it for, played an excerpt of it, which is why I wanted to
ask you.
Yeah, so people like to play audio.
But that's the point, I wanted to say- I actually liked the video because I'm about 60 pounds
lighter.
No, but let's go back here for just a minute.
Where I stand is talking about Israel helping create fake Al-Qaeda, Israel manipulating
our internal politics, Israel attacking the USS Liberty.
I've made films about it, I've criticized it.
But there's a cult of people that then make everything about Israel and only about Israel.
And so they edit things and change things.
And they've got me saying kill black people online, but I didn't say that.
So a lot of that is, notice you were shown audio, right?
Not now, he was edited.
That's why I'm here to talk to you about it.
So what they do is, listen, I've gone, hey, not everybody that does the El Diablo is worshiping
the devil.
In Italy, this is the war on off evil.
Right.
Well, they take that still and say, Alex said he worshiped Satan with a mortal technique.
But see, I'm telling you, it's major deception.
Just like people say about you, you're a communist.
Right.
Well, I mean, I think that communism and socialism are a natural part of human development, whether
you choose- No, I know, but what I'm saying is there's
a massive amount of disinformation out there.
And no matter how many times I say, I don't support a lot of what Israel's doing.
They spin that and say that means unconditional support for Israel.
That's not what's happening.
Right.
I'm not, no, I know it's a colonial operation.
The point is, and I've said that in the news, no one ever quotes that.
They take a 14 year old thing out of context and twist it.
So I say, let them have it.
Right.
They say I'm a Jewish agent.
I'm Jewish.
Not true, but hey, okay.
They say I'm a reptoid.
But you know, they say- Mazel tov.
Yeah, exactly.
So my whole deal is you bet, I am.
They also say I'm KGB.
You bet I am.
Okay.
No, actually, I'm a guy who loves liberty and justice, who's really trying to figure
it all out.
Well, but when people have always tried to pull the Marxist card with me, I've said,
you know what?
The difference is between you and me is I've actually read that book because I had to study
it to understand how- It's pretty sophisticated.
How much control- I've read it too.
Wanted over a society.
And when I was done with that, I said to myself, wow, it reminds me, and you mentioned it before,
the great KRS one who said, there's no such thing as a government.
It's just people who rule over other people.
And they design these little fancy systems so it looks like they're bringing freedom
or they're bringing order.
And America, the sad part is we are so cynical right now that I know people who are lovers
of democracy that say, I'd rather see a king that could get something done and balance
a budget than a president that can't do- The system makes it worse and worse.
That's where they want us to be.
Here's the key, I'll look around the camera and say this right here.
Here's the key to all of this, just what he just said.
The system is running this, we don't blame it all on them, but 90% of it is the way things
are ordered.
Humans are unlimitedly productive and incredible, history's shown that.
And the system is doing almost all of this, and then it says, look at what happened, give
me more power, and then it gets worse and worse.
That's the key.
Right, and I think that that gets lost in the right versus left paradigm because there
are still very, very rich people from the left wing, supposedly, that don't wanna have
anything to do with urban society.
They say to themselves, the upper crust of America, the 1% have abandoned the public
education system.
There's nobody more- Abandoned the public education system.
They don't send their kids to public school, I'm sorry.
And also, we can expand on that and say, hey, do you think Obama would be president if he
hadn't gone to Harvard?
No, he had no real, and please pardon me if someone wants to debate it, I totally can
out there.
He didn't have a gigantic amount of accolades to run on.
I specifically remember them using in the media the fact that he was the editor of the
Harvard Law Review as a selling point for his ability to run the government.
And I always said to myself, where do you meet the future movers and shakers of society?
In private school.
However, if you as a rich liberal individual step back and say, well, I don't need to fund
public school cuz that's not my problem, then don't complain when some poor, uneducated
individual who didn't have a chance, who had every single aspect of his freedom infringed
upon by police.
Who couldn't get a regular job, had a felony at 18, and is now robbing and stealing, blows
your kid's head off just to steal his car that he doesn't know has a low jack in it,
or is worth half of what it was when it rolled off the lot.
If you're not part of this society, then how are you even gonna sit there and pass judgment
or claim that you wanna help it or claim that you're even part of America?
You're either part of this or you're not.
The massive amount of corporations that make money off this country want their business
exported from here and yet they wanna sell to people from here.
They don't wanna pay their fair share of what it costs to run this country, what it costs
for the military to back up those areas where they're taking natural resources out of, but
they want all the benefits of it.
In other words, they wanna have sex with America, but they don't wanna marry her.
They're whoring her out, and I have no respect for those type of people, whether they come
from the left, whether they come from the right.
And unfortunately, I tell people, what you're gonna have to deal with now, Alex, is a whole
lot of frauds coming into the libertarian movement.
Your freedoms are on the line.
The Second Amendment is in danger.
How soon before your freedoms are taken away?
What can you not live without?
What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns?
Is it your home?
No.
It's food.
It all boils down to the food supply.
Tyrannical governments control people by controlling their food supply.
Don't be dependent.
Be self-sufficient.
Don't wait for the government to feed you.
Feed yourself.
I can warn you, but I can't feed you.
Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from e Foods Direct.
It's the best long-term, storable food on the planet.
Get the popular Mega Patriot Pack free, a 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot
and fuel.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to efoodsdirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot Packs
free with purchase.
Build your food supply, be in control, be self-sufficient and be a patriot.
Call 800-409-5633 or efoodsdirect.com slash Alex and get your free Patriot Pack today.
Hey, everybody.
Ty Bollinger here.
Once again, real life, real stories.
And he discovered Carnivora, was so thrilled with the product that he shared it with his
family and his friends and his patients.
My dad was a family physician.
He was a medical doctor.
Almost all the symptoms were either diminished or gone.
Amazing product, amazing results.
It's like an amazing thing having such a profound change in how I feel and knowing that it was
the Carnivora that did it.
And a lot of patients got better, ranging from immune dysfunction to allergies and infection.
There's the toll-free telephone number to call to access the Carnivora telecast at carnivora.com
on Tuesday, March 12th, 8 p.m. Eastern Time.
Call 1-888-694-9666.
That's 1-888-694-9666.
Once again, 1-888-694-9666.
Visit C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A.com or call 1-866-VenusFly to order now.
American gardeners and fellow patriots, make the right choice with your money, time and
your family food supply.
Choose 100% pure heirloom seeds in the Survival Seed Vault from MyPatriotSupply.com.
Why spend more?
The Survival Seed Vault from MyPatriotSupply.com is only $37.95 and includes 20 varieties of
pure, hearty, easy-to-grow heirloom seeds.
Yes, only $37.95.
That's 70% less than our competitors.
You could buy three Survival Seed Vaults for less than one of theirs.
The Survival Seed Vault from MyPatriotSupply.com includes detailed planting and seed-saving
instructions and ships same day.
Plus, all orders over $49 ship free.
MyPatriotSupply.com is American-owned by patriots like you, passionate about freedom and preparedness.
Call now, 866-229-0927.
That's 866-229-0927 or discover more emergency preparedness items when you order at MyPatriotSupply.com.
Choose the original.
Choose the Survival Seed Vault at MyPatriotSupply.com.
A man who walks with God can walk anywhere, hence all the race stuff and all the fighting
and all the crap doesn't matter.
In the final equation, I don't care if you're some rich white yuppie or some poor inner
city white person or whatever it is, you are having chemical and bio weapons put in the
air and the food and the water.
They're testing on you, just getting ready for their big move because they already have
the life extension technologies.
And the motive is, the moral technique is they don't want you to have that.
Like the guy says, I will destroy your seed forever and last the Mohicans.
The globalist, all ancient groups run to that.
They want all of our seed destroyed.
We're not going to be part of the future.
The ultimate Roman takeover was to kill the whole population and salt the earth.
The globalists are salting the earth with GMO while building their underground seed
worlds.
It's Moonraker.
Ian Fleming, MI6 wrote that.
Moonraker's real.
And when people say to me, they say, are you drinking that left wing Kool-Aid?
I always say to them, it tastes just as good as the right wing Monsanto's milk.
Because no matter which one you want and which one you're willing to absorb, I think you
have to get past this paradigm.
And I think that's where programs like this and what I do, we don't have to agree about
every single thing, but what we do agree about is that we don't want people to believe everything
that we say.
We want people to question everything.
Full spectrum analysis.
Yes.
But then that can also go into the extreme where without proof people just make up, well,
this guy's this or this guy's that.
In closing, The Martyr, tell us about the music.
The Martyr is a 100% free album.
And when I say free, you can go to Viper Records right now and you can get it.
It features all the people that I have worked with over these years have been a part of
this.
We gave it for free.
And when I say free, you don't have to fill out a survey.
No 22nd Vivo commercial.
You press one button.
It's an absolutely free album.
And the beauty of it was that I wanted to show people you don't have to die for revolution,
Alex.
That's not the point.
Gotta stop believing in the system.
You have to live for revolution.
That's what they are.
I like that.
They're afraid of that.
You don't have to die for revolution.
You gotta live for it.
You have to live for it.
Change your mind.
It's a matter for someone to sit there and say, you know, I'm going to go out in a blaze
of glory tomorrow and I'm really going to make them pay as opposed to say, you know
what, I'm going to go through the painstaking suffering of raising a boy and two little
girls in this damn near fascist society in order to raise them to look at the world differently
and to see.
It's a long haul.
Beautifully said.
Let me ask you this, the immortal technique that sounds like evergreen or an idea that
transcends time.
Tell me what a mortal technique means and I came up with that name.
Well, originally, you know, when I was incarcerated, my name was just technique.
That's just what I went by.
And I always remember there was a Native American trustee named Judge.
He brought me a pen and a paper while I was in the hole and I wrote a song on the first
record I had called The Prophecy and I thought to myself, you know, in order for me to get
my message across, it's going to have to span years of time.
You know what I mean?
What's going on right now, as you pointed out, as I pointed out through history has
happened before.
People have taken this away.
People have taken that away.
People have manipulated the system.
People have used a proxy to get what they want done.
People have put a smiling face off on things that really have the fangs of a vampire.
At some point, we have to analyze this throughout history.
And also, I'm a man who believes in God and I believe that, you know, a man that walks
with God can walk anywhere.
So I don't fear death.
I don't fear people trying to marginalize my point in my perspective because I challenge
them to meet me on the field of intellectual battle anytime, anywhere.
Just give me, you know, a few days notice so, you know, I can buy your mother a suit.
That's all.
Oh, man.
Well, listen, you got to promise me that whenever you come through Texas, you'll come into the
studio and you got to promise every couple of months you'll come on via video Skype.
I'll try my best, man.
Thank you very much for having me on.
You bet.
It's been amazing.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Very powerful info wars.
Free Palestine.
All the immigrants can't demonize us all.
This is a nation of immigrants.
Read between the lines info wars, the mortal technique.
Alex Jones.
Put your hands up because you can only get them back when you stand up deep in the trenches
in the heart of the war, that's the place the martyr is born.
Thank you for listening to GCN.
Visit GCN live.com today.
