Coast to Coast, direct from Austin. You're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
When an opponent declares, I will not come over to your side, I calmly say, your children
belong to us already. What are you? You will pass on. Your descendants, however, now stand
in the new camp. In a short time, they will know nothing else but this new community.
That was Adolf Hitler in 1939 in a radio address. We have never invested as much in public education
as we should have because we've always had kind of a private notion of children. Your
kid is yours and totally your responsibility. We haven't had a very collective notion of
these are our children. So part of it is we have to break through our kind of private
idea that kids belong to their parents or kids belong to their families and recognize
that kids belong to whole communities. Once it's everybody's responsibility and not just
the households, then we start making better investments. And they then flash up in the
official MSNBC promo forward, which is the original name of the slogan for the Marxist
over 100 years old, like 120 something years old. And I shot a whole special video report
on that that's up on Infowars.com. The state declares they own your children. And that
was the MSNBC host or propagandist who directly worked for the White House.
When you watch MSNBC, you were getting pure ambrosia, poison directly out of the White
House. That is their agenda on record. Your kids belong to the collective is the article
by Kurt Nemo read linked up at Infowars.com. It's a story that came out yesterday, but
we have had our great web crew move it back to the top of the page.
LinkedIn Red, Melissa Harris-Perry. I remember it was about eight years ago, a caller called
in and he said, you're a liar, Alex. He said, there is no way that the official University
of Texas textbook for social workers, and I was given the name out, it was the Calhoun
Reader.
There's no way, and Bob Dacy actually brought this to my attention, local talk show host.
He had a copy of the textbook that family had been given going to UT. And the people
didn't believe me. And so I had some of my writers go do research and they pulled up
hundreds of publications that were then posted on the Prison Planet Forum, where they officially
teach they're gonna get rid of the family.
So when you hear them say, it's everybody's job to take care of kids, they mean get rid
of parents. Don't let parents discipline their kids, and that only the state can discipline
your children and then your kids will stay late at school and then no more summer recess.
And the TV is already raising our children anyways, and the brainwashing that comes across
the iPhones and the iPads and the droids and the rest of it.
But they officially, in every authoritarian society for thousands of years, the state
has controlled the youth. And Hitler knew that, I mean, he talks about taking over the
youth in Mein Kampf. I mean, I've read myself Hitler's words, the Soviets, obviously, borrowed
a lot from the communists.
They have of course done the same thing. I was actually sent video by some folks, I think
we've shown this on air before. I know it's on, I was gonna put in a film, I know it's
in Rob Jacobson's hard drive where one of our graphics guys contractor years ago went
to visit with his girlfriend, her family in China, and caught on video the youth brigades
with red flags marching aggressively through the streets, pretty powerful footage.
This is what they're establishing, this is what they're setting up. So we're gonna get
into that. We'll have the latest from the DMZ, where world famous negotiator and hostage
negotiator and psyop expert, Dr. Steve Pacinek, psychiatrist will be joining us from the DMZ.
It's about 604 over there right now. Trust we've made contact with him to make sure he's
ready in about 55 minutes, good, he's locked and loaded.
We've got huge news with Biden calling for a new world order and then Gawker makes fun
of it. Conspiracy Christmas comes early, cuz they were just saying last week, in a major
poll that, the poll, do you believe in the made up new world order conspiracy theory?
It's like saying, do you believe the sun came up this morning? Are you a kook? So we'll
break all that down, it's a big broadcast today.
In the last two years alone, the US has seen huge losses to our food supply. In 2011, storms
and floods raged across the US, costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone. In 2012, we
saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years. You may think out of sight,
out of mind, and so you don't think you will be affected. The fact is you are, we all are.
Food shortages drive prices up for everyone. You might not be able to control mother nature,
but you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply
with E Foods Direct. Be prepared before you need it with nutrient dense food you can store
for up to 25 years. You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you. Do what I've done
and get your own supply of the best durable foods out there from E Foods Direct. Call
800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex and check out their spring
specials. Again, that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward
slash Alex. You can bet your life on E Foods Direct.
Live from Austin, Texas, broadcasting worldwide, it's Alex Jones.
Monday through Friday from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Central, we are here live and then back Sundays
live 4 to 6 p.m. Central. It is lucky number 7. It is the seventh day of April 2013 on
this worldwide transmission. I am your host, Alex Jones. The news websites are infowars.com.
That's infowars.com, prisonplanet.com, and we're streaming video and audio as well for
radio listeners that would like to see another added dimension of the radio broadcast at
infowarsnews.com, on our subscription service, prisonplanet.tv. And don't forget, we have
Operation Awaken the Sleeping Giant. You can find out about right there at prisonplanet.tv.
Okay, where to start today? Where to begin? I want to read you a quote from a 1939 radio
address that Adolf A. Lewis Hitler gave. You may have heard of him. When an opponent declares
I will not come over to your side, I calmly say your children belong to us already. What
are you? You will pass on. Your descendants, however, now stand in the new camp. In a short
time, they will know nothing else but this new community, Adolf Hitler.
And he said similar things years before in his book Mein Kampf. Now, the communist system
in Russia, the communist system in China, Fidel Castro's Cuba, everyone knows that in
these countries, the police wear a black mask. The state turns the children against the parents.
The state tries to raise the kids in dormitories and really raises a generation of tax police
and other enforcers out of children that they have CPSed for very petty reasons via the
Soviet or Nazi courts.
The Romans just came in and killed all the adult age men down to about age 13, 14 and
then reeducated everybody. And so ancient empires just killed all the men and then took
the women and children as slaves and then took the smarter ones to basically be enforcers,
but still chattel slaves.
They would be so proud of being a war slave, though. They had large brigades in the Roman
Empire from the end of their republic on till their decline and the splitting into two empires,
but I'm digressing, of special slave mercenaries who were proud of their slavery. That was
passed on to the Prussians in Germany, of course, and that's where we get kindergarten.
All the modern brainwashing systems we have today are designed to make people follow orders
and be happy in their servitude.
The Hessians were German slaves brought here to wage war on us in 1776, tens of thousands
of them. But there was the prestige, even if you were a slave Hessian, you still had
a fancy uniform and black goose-stepping boots, but I'm digressing, ladies and gentlemen.
You know that authoritarian states try to take over the children, and I have read on
air the official textbooks used by every major Western university. They all tell the people
aspiring to be government minions and enforcers to have a disdain for the family, a disdain
for men.
If you turn on any sitcom or drama, men have been run down for 50 years as moron idiots
with women bossing them around the new commanders. They are the house slaves. The Romans would
bring in the women. Even as the boys grew up, they were kept out in a barn and not allowed
to learn how to really speak.
You don't want men knowing how to stand up. That was passed on to black slaves in the
Caribbean, in South Central America, and of course, here in the United States. That's
why you've heard of that before with the woman, the house slave in charge. Well, that actually
came out of Rome mainly with white slaves. But side issue, feminism is not about empowering
women, makes them the house slaves.
They have a more pejorative name for it that black folks tend to use for it, but it's the
people that are in the house. And that's what the police and the bureaucrats and the FBI
and all them are, they're the house slaves. And then those of us that aren't part of the
federal family, we're the barn slaves. I mean, that's how it's all set up. That's how it's
looked at.
And so that's what they've established and they all write handbooks on it. And I shot
a special report up at info wars.com. The state declares that your children are slaves,
is the name of the video. The article is MSNBC host, your kids belong to the collective.
So my issue is I talk about this 15 years ago, seven years ago, and people would say
you're a liar. Even when I was on the radio with the official textbooks, in one case,
the Calhoun Reader used at the University of Texas for their social workers.
And it said, quote, the family belongs to the age of barbarism and is a form of mental
illness. And you can also pull up the head of the National Association of Psychiatrists
in the 60s saying the same thing. So they sell it as a new human right to not have a
family because they want you all alone, completely alone. That is the great goal of every authoritarian
society.
In fact, I wanna send somebody down to the microfilm or we should get a LexisNexis subscription.
I had a Thomson Reuters subscription about six, seven years ago, but I never used it.
So I got rid of it. Guys, on Monday, get a Thomson Reuters subscription and a LexisNexis.
Google's great, but you can't find stuff, year 2000 and back, good on the web. Okay,
so I want the 2000 Austin American statesmen when I caught bribery at the Capitol.
It was the cover story in the Metro and State about investigation of bribery that we caught
on video and I was there testifying. They were just paying them off out in the hallway
and then they later had a state hearing, finding that it was illegal what happened and the
individual over the committee got censured and things.
The point was is that they quoted one of the handgun control, it was Violence Policy Center.
They quoted them and they're saying, I don't care what Mr. Jones does, we're going to get
your guns one day, we've got your kids. I mean, I want that quote, I probably read that
quote 50 times on air, 50 times and I wanna resurrect that and actually show people that.
So LexisNexis on Monday, because I wanna show people that and there it was saying, it doesn't
matter, we've got your kids in the public school and we will ban guns in America.
That's why I get so mad at people like Piers Morgan, when he says, I don't want your guns,
bull. By the way, it came out this week, we've got them coming on later in the week. The
Veritas project, they told me about this weeks ago before they went and did it, they went
to the house of Piers Morgan in Hollywood, he's got armed guards.
But he doesn't want you to be able to, who can't afford, you don't have an $8 million
a year contract or whatever like he does. You're just a poor guy who makes $60,000 a
year. Of course, Michael Moore says you're rich and you're a bad guy. And if you maybe
make 60,000 and it's racist to own a gun, remember that clip two weeks ago?
But of course, he's got armed guards too, I've seen them, but it's on record, he has
them. That's why I get so mad, they want our guns to dominate us, period, everywhere they're
in control, they take all the guns. So stop playing the game and arguing, hey, violent
crime dropped 49% since 1991 because of proliferation of gun ownership, fbi.gov.
They don't wanna hear that, they have got an agenda of foreign banks that have captured
this country to take our guns. And they're saying, hey, Hitler said we've got your kids.
The gun control group said it doesn't matter what Alex Jones does. That was their answer
to Alex Jones caught all this going on at the Capitol. Their answer was we got your
kids and we're gonna get your guns, Mr. Jones isn't gonna stop us.
And that's why I'm angry at them, they're authoritarians and they know it, it's not
like they're misguided. Now here is MSNBC host in a TV ad they're running, it's not
like it's something they just said flippantly. This is a TV ad they're running saying your
kids don't belong to you, they belong to the collective, here it is.
We have never invested as much in public education as we should have because we've always had
kind of a private notion of children. Your kid is yours and totally your responsibility.
We haven't had a very collective notion of these are our children. So part of it is we
have to break through our kind of private idea that kids belong to their parents or
kids belong to their families and recognize that kids belong to whole communities.
Once it's everybody's responsibility and not just the households, then we start making
better investments.
And they have an actual original Marxist slogan, lean forward on the screen while she's saying
this. Knowing 99% of Americans don't know that's the original name of the first Marxist
newspaper and their slogan, Karl Marx slogan.
I mean, they're just hitting us, hitting us hard. And like they said, hey, while you're
watching your football buddy, we got your kids. We got your kids. We got your kids.
We got your kids. We got your kids. And now they're taking veterans kids who've had an
arm or leg blown off saying they're depressed.
Now they're taking people's guns if they have one marijuana cigarette and their kids. These
are authoritarians. This is a persecution taking place.
I had tried everything. I'd cut back the amount of food I was eating. I was lifting weights
and jogging, but nothing was working. My body was literally starving for minerals and trace
elements as well as key vitamins. And as soon as I had that, I immediately could eat half
of what I was eating previously and be satisfied.
Now there are hundreds of great products at info wars team dot com, but I want to point
out the three that have helped me lose 37 pounds in just two months. Products like Beyond
Tangy Tangerine, Holland Burst and Rebound. When I started taking the Tangy Tangerine
and other products every day, I lost more than 37 pounds in just two months. Now that's
results.
I want to challenge my listeners to go to info wars team dot com and to order just three
of their products. And you will see the changes in the way you look, feel and in your appetite
almost immediately. Start your journey to health and wellness today. Info wars team
dot com. Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system portable on the go.
No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system
that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing
technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics, advanced media
for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only
one that does it and out of the gates we have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139. Devastating
events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial law have
highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions are
stockpiling food, gold and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of your
loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a
medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective
against bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver
has over 500 different uses and a long term shelf life making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com. Use the promo code prepared for 20% off your
entire order and like us on Facebook. If you want an American company with American products
made by Americans, here is the Cal Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these
pure soap products for years. These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable
and coconut oils that are earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy
soaps that are twice as good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year
supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands
of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at
5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Coast to Coast direct from Austin.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network. He aligns himself with the truth.
It is time for you to choose a side. You're listening to Alex Jones. Here's an example
of the total information overload. If you're up at info awards.com, I have a link to a
Fox News story about an FBI police training manual. This has also been issued to the U.S.
Army training instructor listed for domestic operations. Of course, that's completely illegal
in a free country, but we're just seeing the end of posse commentatas. Army labels evangelical
Christians, Catholics, period. Period. Catholics, Christians, period. And some Jews, religious
extremists. And this is Fox News. Now, if you watch my film Road to Tyranny from 2002,
we show the same manuals, just the older versions. And people would see that and say, this isn't
true. I would show Marines training to confiscate guns and admitting that it's for America.
People say there's no way that's gotta be fake. When it was clearly thousands of Marines,
Hebron, Maryland, on the East Coast, West Coast, no way it's fake. Look at that, Fox
News. Army labels evangelicals as religious extremists. Boom, you can click and read the
Army training manual. And ladies and gentlemen, it just says, point blank, evangelical Christianity,
Orthodox Jews, next to an Al-Qaeda.
Which by the way, the AP announced they're not gonna call them Al-Qaeda anymore, or even
Islamists cuz they were using them in Libya and Syria. They got Hamas, Ku Klux Klan next
to Christian. Catholicism, period, is extreme. You're like, well, that's incredible. And
if you're Islamophobic, see how they're gonna totally flip it?
That guys, I printed in IMs and I don't see it in my stack. Type in Army trains to take
on Tea Party, it's Forbes. I wanna show people that. The Army's main mission, this is official
from West Point, and the Army War College is to take on gun owners, conservatives, libertarians.
By the way, you're not tuning in to satire here. This is what it's like to be under a
revolution. The globalists are involved in a revolution, in a takeover. They call us
in their higher level Ford Foundation manuals and in the different hearings that have come
out with the weathermen.
They call us counter revolutionaries, and you better believe that's what we are. We're
the Americans. There it is, how the US military would crush a Tea Party rebellion. And it
goes on to talk about how in the new Army War College, and they're even teaching this
at West Point, their main mission. Now listen, I'm reading you Fox News right now and Forbes.
In fact, guys, if you're watching on TV, you can see this. Go back to my screen, foxnews.com.
Now again, I would tell people this. I would tell program directors this, big vice presidents
at major networks, presidents, and they would say, Alex, it's not that bad. And I'd say,
I've got the training manual.
A few years ago, I had Nightline here trying to show them this. They go, we're not gonna
look at it. Look at this. Catholicism, period, is extreme and next to Al Qaeda. Evangelical
Christian, period, terrorism. And they've got it right next to Al Qaeda and the Al Qaeda
flag.
I mean, this is America. Ladies and gentlemen, I wasn't even intending to get to this today.
Now, let me tell you, who are the extremists? Is it Catholics and Protestants, people with
the lowest crime rates out there, or people that are church attending? The fbi.gov has
all the numbers. They know somebody, whether they be Catholic or Protestant, whatever it
is, that attends church on a regular basis, has the lowest crime rate out there for whatever
reason.
They know veterans have one of the lowest crime rates out there. Just the media hypes
up when there are events. They know white males have the lowest crime rate of a, quote,
racial group in this country, period. And we're listed as the number one terror threat.
Now, you gotta have some bad guys to be saying this, okay? Look, it's like when I got video
of FEMA that the police sent me, a firefighter sent me his police and firefighters in Kansas
City, were then badmouthing George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, and saying they were terrorists.
And anybody that likes the Constitution's a terrorist, I got 18 hours of this.
People didn't believe it, even though I had the training manuals when it was said. Now
it's Fox News, you're gonna believe me? Listen, I stand with George Washington and Thomas
Jefferson, and I stand with Jesus Christ. And if you wanna say I'm a terrorist, you're
the terrorist, period.
I have, knock on wood, no criminal record. I've probably been arrested seven, eight times
as a juvenile in fights, but it was always found I didn't start them. But I'm a good
person, okay? I love my family. I walk old ladies across the street.
You know, Alex Jones, you piece of garbage.
Excuse me. Anyways, the point is I'm listed, you're listed as an extremist. You know why
I'm dangerous, ladies and gentlemen, to the entire power structure? It's because I simply
am old fashioned.
I'm a throwback, and I can see traitorous criminal activity when it's sitting in my
living room. I go to the zoo, I go, that's an elephant, that's a tiger, that's a lion,
that's a penguin, that's a grizzly bear. But you tell the general public, they tell them
a lion is a Easter bunny, they'd believe it.
And now they've got MSNBC host Melissa Harris Perry saying your children belong to the state.
Folks, they've always been teaching that for really 100 years in the progressive movement
in this country. 100 years. And the weird thing about it is they're not even well-meaning
idiot liberals. These are hardcore eugenicist authoritarians that know exactly what they're
doing.
Do we have her cued up? Let's play. This isn't a promo. This isn't on a show where she just
showed us what she really thought. They're running this every two hours. I looked it
up. Tune in, boom, it was on there. They're running promos. See, people say, be nice,
be for gay marriage. I personally have nothing against people for their passions and what
they're into, okay?
I don't judge people. My issue is, though, it is the quote gay and lesbian lobby, the
dominant ones, that are always bad mouthing the family and wanting to teach sex ed to
five-year-olds. I mean, the UN wants to teach masturbation to five-year-olds. That's pedophilia.
So the issue is, you see, this is all part of an attack on the family, discrimination
against men and women, to break up our society, to make us alone so the state is our mommy
and daddy.
That's what the communist, the fascist, this is what they do. It's like going to a football
game and 11 people line up on each side and they've got a pig skin and it's football.
Well, this is tyranny. It looks like a duck, quacks like a duck, it is. There it is, UN
wants to teach preschoolers about masturbation. I'm sorry, it's even below five. I mean, in
fact, they do it in America. Remember when you were a kid in kindergarten, you went and
took a nap after lunch, 15 minutes?
That's not what happens now. The pedo, pedo teacher teaches that, but it's the state,
so it's okay. But then if you take a photo of your daughters, you always see these cases,
your son in their towel. And one girl's hugging the other girl, they're both in different
towels, they arrest the parents and take their kids, and then they don't ever get them back.
Or you get pulled over and they find a bowl of marijuana, which is certainly a lot better
than alcohol, and I don't even like pottery, period. I like alcohol, quite frankly. The
point is they take your kids. I did a video about this showing a few news articles about
people having their kids taken for a bowl of marijuana.
Even if it's true, they shouldn't get in trouble for it when the government ships in the hard
drugs. We're going to go to break here in just a moment. And people are all in the comments
on YouTube going, yeah, it happened to me. It happened to my brother. They take over
a million and a half kids every year in this country. But if a kid's really getting hurt,
they leave them with their bad parents. They want good kids to adopt out. They're targeting
good families. We'll be back.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms. But if you don't have a home security
system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When
you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's
a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power, so even if the grid
goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit, or shed. Getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is also
ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger
into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever
you go. You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
In the last 2 years alone, the U.S. has seen huge losses to our food supply. In 2011, storms
and floods raged across the U.S., costing us $20 billion in lost crops alone. In 2012,
we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years. You may think out of
sight, out of mind, and so you don't think you will be affected. The fact is, you are.
We all are. Food shortages drive prices up for everyone. You might not be able to control
Mother Nature, but you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability
of your food supply with eFoods Direct. Be prepared before you need it with nutrient-dense
food you can store for up to 25 years. You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed
you. Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best, durable foods out there from
eFoods Direct. Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward
slash Alex and check out their spring specials. Again, that number is 800-409-5633 or on the
web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex. You can bet your life on eFoods Direct. Now
that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing
a full selection of silver-based products. Our most popular silver-based products are
the 32-ounce nano-silver solutions, our 2-ounce nano-silver nasal applicators, as well as
our all-natural silver soaps. Just released is our 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver
gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and leave the silver
at the surface. But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin-nourishing
chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the
silver more effectively. Visit www.SilverLungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver-based
products are best for you. That's www.SilverLungs.com.
Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolicic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver-impregnated white ceramic with new Aquamedics advanced media for removal of fluoride
and other heavy metals, all in one filter element. It is the only one that does it.
And out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code WATER. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolicic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at Infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Mystic Coast, direct from Austin. You're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order, it's Alex Jones on the GCN
radio network.
So the US military, the FBI, local police are all taught that gun owners are extreme
terrorists, that Christians are extreme terrorists, that returning veterans are the number one
terror threat in America. Because the globalists have set up the fifth branch of the military
under NORTHCOM Homeland Security. It's buying billions of bullets, armored vehicles. It's
openly preparing for the complete overthrow of our republic.
And they've got people on TV saying the state controls your children. They've been putting
jostling elders back on TV. Back in the 90s, we found a clip of it coming up. She's like,
teach kids how to masturbate. Now she's on TV going, reach down and help the little kindergartners.
And again, this is the type of garbage that is happening and going on here in this country.
And it's now time that we understand they're over the top on purpose to just shock you
into a mass Stockholm syndrome or learned helplessness, a normalcy bias.
A normalcy bias is, and I've used this example 1000 times. If you could teleport 1000 years
back to what's Mexico City today and they were sacrificing dozens of people every day
when the sun came up and when it went down and when the moon came out. And on certain
holidays, thousands of people and the priests made their money off selling the humans hanging
up by their feet.
When meat was the main food, you would say this is crazy. And they would say, we're gonna
sacrifice you, buddy, okay? Because you're crazy, we do this, this is normal. If you
teleported back to 1944 to a Nazi death camp, where they were lining up men, women and children
and shooting them in pits, and you said this is wrong, they would think you were crazy.
And so now they're like, hey, the state's gonna take your kids. And any excuse we get,
we catch you drinking two beers and driving, your kids are gone. We catch you with marijuana,
your kids are gone. You got a leg blown off, we're gonna say you're depressed, you're a
military vet, we're gonna take your kids.
Millions of vets are getting letters saying you can't own guns anymore. This is happening
right now, and it's not even a news issue. And they come out and say, yeah, we're trying
to take on the Tea Party now, that's what Homeland Security is for. Yeah, we're training
to do all this, they're throwing it all in your face big time.
Now let's go ahead and go to this clip, MSNBC host, your kids belong to the collective.
This article is up at infowars.com and prisonplanet.com. Right now, LinkedIn Red. MSNBC host, your
kids belong to the collective. And folks, this is every day, okay, every day there's
stuff like this.
This is in a promo, they're officially running. And MSNBC is full of White House operatives,
so is media matters. And who do they attack every day? You guessed it, Alex Jones, calling
me an extremist because I don't believe Catholics and Protestants are extremist terrorists.
Because I don't believe the founding fathers were bad people, they were amazing. Because
I don't believe it's a good thing to take the citizens' guns when more guns means less
crime. What I know, we have authoritarians taking over.
You go to the front page of infowars.com, I typed in Hitler Youth. I have a famous Nazi
poster of Hitler with the children. And remember, he said, when an opponent declares I will
not come over to your side, I calmly say, your child belongs to us already.
What are you? See, you're little, you're nobody. You will pass on. Your descendants, however,
now stand in the new camp. In a short time, they will know nothing else but the new community.
And that's what the MSNBC host is saying. See, once they collectivize you with collectivist
health care, collectivist education, they can then argue, hey, we gotta say what you
can eat, what you can drink, where you go, what you do, cuz we're all paying for it.
Forcing you to go on welfare, forcing you to get into the system with corporate contracts.
It's all about control, because they want the control. And good people don't want control.
We don't wanna go to city council. We don't wanna go run for state rep. We don't want
power. We're quietly confident, inwardly secure. We're embarrassed by people that dress up
like peacocks and are into all this garbage.
Well, you know what? If we don't take control through the Republic and restore the Republic,
the very worst will take over. See, once you get a corrupt group in, they get overthrown
by the next group that's even more corrupt, and then even more corrupt, and then even
more corrupt.
And whether it was the Babylonians, or whether it was the Druids, or whether it was African
animus tribes, or whether it was Mesoamerican Aztecs and Mayan groups, Toltecs and others.
Every culture, every culture from the Vikings to the Greeks, they don't really teach that
in popular history, but it's buried.
They would just burn your wife with you if you died, the Vikings. Gladiatorial events
with the Greeks and Romans started when the man of the house would die. They'd have a
few of the slaves kill each other in combat, ritually, because he was a warrior at the
funeral pyre. That's human sacrifice.
Every culture ends with crazy people, psychos, get in control, and they demand human sacrifice.
Every culture, that's the bottom of the rabbit hole. Ritualized mass death and where your
neighbor's being torn apart in the arena this week, you'll be torn apart next week and no
one has empathy and civilization finally implodes.
In fact, that's not the final step. Human sacrifice, gladiatorial events is not the
final step. It's the final step before everything collapses. Because then the only next decadent
thing the leadership can do is launch wars they can't win or commit suicide.
The Roman emperors, Caligula and others, and that was long before the collapse, would kill
themselves, kill their family. Nero, again, would go to those Roman parties where they
had vomitariums where they would eat till they vomited over and over again. And he would
dress as a werewolf and tie small children to a pole, pull this up, written about by
mainline Roman history. And he would go and tear children's throats out with blood spraying
all over him.
That's North Korea, folks, that's the state is God. A little stunted pot-bellied wimp
ruling everything. We got a frontline report from North Korea with the guy that did the
Camp David Accords, the top psychiatrist, the Harvard psychiatrist. The guy that co-wrote
Tom Clancy's books, very famous living psych warfare specialist, probably one of the biggest
out there, overthrown countries, you name it.
He was involved in the transition of South Korea from a military dictatorship in the
70s to what it is today, the industrial engine of Asia, and really the world per capita.
He's there on the DMZ. He's gonna be talking to us about that whole crisis that is, again,
out of control government on power trips.
But let's go to this clip, MSNBC host, your kids belong to the collective, here it is.
We have never invested as much in public education as we should have because we've always had
kind of a private notion of children. Your kid is yours and totally your responsibility.
We haven't had a very collective notion of these are our children. So part of it is we
have to break through our kind of private idea that kids belong to their parents or
kids belong to their families and recognize that kids belong to whole communities.
Once it's everybody's responsibility and not just the households, then we start making
better investments.
When you had elders back under Clinton, the Surgeon General, and he's even back on TV,
out there saying the government needs to reach down and help the kids learn how to do this.
Now if you went in a public bathroom and ran up to a kid and grabbed their crotch, you'd
go to prison for 50 years and you should.
But if the state, this goes on all over America, you can't stop them, they're the government
unless you fully wake up to them. They're in there teaching kids how to masturbate.
Because the truth is they're a bunch of pervs. Most of these people that want power have
never really lived and never gone through the rights of combat growing up when they're
young and don't come from good families.
Big government's kind of a collection of scum. So are corporate swarms. They're like weak
people that hate the strong and people that aren't politically developed and things. They're
usually sexually crushed as well. So they're at the level of a child or they're pure Satanists
like to abuse children. And that's why they wanna put their hands on your kids.
And they're gonna take them from you cuz you're a veteran or you're a pot smoker, and they're
gonna hurt them. You're seven times more likely now, it was five times, it was three times
a few decades ago, more likely to be abused in government custody as a child than anywhere
else. The most dangerous place is for a child in government.
Who do you think gets into government agencies to be around kids? I mean, I told you the
whole Sandusky thing, it was the whole top of the university, that's now come out. The
connections to the National Security Agency, look it up. They can't bring it down because
the whole thing, it's a pedophile guilt.
They want your kids, folks. They didn't have them, they didn't raise them, they don't love
them. They're sick freaks. Children are so good and so innocent to these demons, they
wanna hurt them. And so they say they belong to them. Now I've got clips coming back where
they say you've gotta do national service, paying taxes isn't enough. They're gonna make
you their slaves.
We'll be right back.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions
are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you
for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective
against bacteria, viruses, moles, and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver
has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com. Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your
entire order and like us on Facebook.
In the last two years alone, the U.S. has seen huge losses to our food supply. In 2011,
storms and floods raged across the U.S., costing us $20 billion in lost crops alone. In 2012,
we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years. You may think out of
sight, out of mind, and so you don't think you will be affected. The fact is you are.
We all are. Food shortages drive prices up for everyone. You might not be able to control
Mother Nature, but you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability
of your food supply with e Foods Direct. Be prepared before you need it with nutrient-dense
food you can store for up to 25 years. You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed
you. Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best, durable foods out there from
e Foods Direct. Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at efoodsdirect.com. And check
out their spring specials. Again, that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at efoodsdirect.com.
You can bet your life on e Foods Direct. You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your
arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for
intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is
completely wireless. Go to getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely
customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit, or
shed. Getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under
20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate,
you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe
will stand guard, protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again,
that's getsimplisafe.com. Introducing Pro1. All of your filtration in one system, portable,
on the go. No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You
have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced
manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new Aquamedics advanced
media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one filter element. It is the
only one that does it, and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo
code WATER. This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides,
herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form
of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro Pure with the new Pro1 filters today at mfowarskstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Coast to Coast, direct from Austin, you're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
Crashing through the lies and disinformation, it's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Nobody rides for free. Nobody rides for free. Nobody rides for free. Nobody rides for free.
And that's a clip I'm gonna play here in a moment is Rahm Emanuel saying everyone will
serve under national service and that's part of the FEMA core official charter.
They're now graduating high schoolers and college people who want to get government
funding in their new little uniforms. They train in things like warrant service and gun
confiscation. And it's all official, giant black armored vehicles are being bought by
the thousands, the bullets, ATF just put out a new federal bid for data mining stuff to
spy on citizens, web traffic without warrants.
And meanwhile, they'll probably just come out and say it doesn't exist. There's no bullets,
there's no armored vehicles. We're not warrantlessly spying on you, but we are, but we are. The
state doesn't wanna take your kids. I saw a case two years ago in homeschooling, California
banned it with a law unless you had a state teaching certificate, a degree in teaching.
Doesn't matter of homeschoolers when all the spelling bees and colleges crave them and
they have the highest test scores on average per capita worldwide.
Rights don't matter. The state said in the court hearing, they said, well, the state
now controls the children and is the guardian over the parents period, not just when they're
at school. Now the court struck that down. But the state argued in California, they run
your kids.
Kinda like California gives inoculations without parental consent saying we are the guardian
now. I mean, incredible. And you're like, well, the shots are to keep us safe. Uh-huh,
have you read what the insert says, folks? It's amazing. So I've played the clip of MSNBC
in a commercial saying your kids aren't your kids, we've gotta get past this idea.
This private idea that your kids are your kids, they're not, they're the collectives.
And then you've got Rahm Emanuel saying, you've got to serve. If you actually read the plan,
it's three months every year up until you're 60 something. That's in the official legislation
they brought in. But publicly on C-SPAN, he says, a few months every year, this is what
they're planning.
But first, here's Obama. He said this five years ago, campaigning his domestic security
force. And by the way, it's out there now. Clergy response team, preachers that spy on
you, infra-guard, business people that spy on you. It's directly out of the Soviet Union,
here it is.
We cannot continue to rely only on our military in order to achieve the national security
objectives that we've set. We've got to have a civilian national security force that's
just as powerful, just as strong, just as well funded.
If you had 20 traits that you went down a checklist of a tyranny, all 20 are completely
checked right out of a textbook. This is like me going to a NASCAR race, and NASCARs are
going around and you go, what is this? And I go, it's a NASCAR race. Conspiracy theorist,
yeah, yeah, 30 some percent of Americans in the public policy poll.
It's way above that, the Democratic Party operative group on record.
They believe in the imaginary New World Order. Imagine the question, do you believe in the
imaginary New World Order conspiracy theory? Well, no, I don't believe in the imaginary
corporate world government run by mega banks that are bragging they've set up world government
everywhere.
And there it is, Business Insider, a ridiculous number of Americans believe in crazy conspiracy
theories like a New World Order, new public policy poll shows. First though, let's go
to Rahm Emanuel, because I tell people they're already establishing national compulsory service,
not enough to pay if you actually work more than 60% in some form of tax.
Now you got to do more to be a citizen. You've got to serve domestically. Again, they want
our guns, but their people, their new Jugend, they're going to be armed. Here it is.
Citizenship is not an entitlement program. It comes with responsibilities. Everybody
somewhere between the ages of 18 and 25 will serve three months of basic training and understanding
in a kind of civil defense. That universal sense of service somewhere between the ages
of 18 and 25 will give Americans once again, a sense of what they are to be American and
their contribution to a country and a common experience.
By the way, I was in the Civil Air Patrol. My dad was really involved in it growing up.
That's why I was involved in it. But, you know, we go flying around and stuff when there
was fires and stuff, spotting or on rescue missions, he mainly did that. But I was into
it somewhat. And back then it was truly civil defense, the people organized, and then they
would just be called upon in missions and emergencies.
They're getting rid of that in the Civil Air Patrol. It's all under Homeland Security,
all under the Air Force, and it's all real creepy. Spy on this, spy on that. Again, that's
totally converting. I've talked to folks I know that are still in it. Again, you're not
trusted in this unless you're part of their group because it's a foreign takeover.
Remember, the Army's now taught for domestic operations, Catholics period, Evangelical
Christians period, are extremist terrorists. I just showed you Fox News. Now, again, ladies
and gentlemen, this is what we've come to. Now let's play Biden. This was on Friday,
Vice President Joe Biden threw caution to the wind as he shockingly declared the affirmative
task we now have is to actively create a new world order.
He said this is the big import-export trade federal event, adding yet another admission
to the already long list of documented globalist bragging of plans for a centralized one-world
government at the Export-Import Bank Conference in Washington. I'm gonna play the clip here,
but the issue is I did a special report last week because the media was saying there's
no such thing as a global government with scores of clips.
You can just type in bankers declare they've conquered America and Europe, and then you'll
find some of the clips. But I put it all in one report where they're all announcing global
government, we engineered the financial crisis. We're gonna implode the world economy, bring
in a cashless society, SDR. We're gonna need 100 trillion in taxes a year. This is Davos
on C-SPAN.
I mean, I sit there for hours and just my wife's like, can we watch a movie? And I'm
watching all the world leaders like a public Bilderberg meeting, which people like Lindbeck
says, don't exist, I'm bad to cover it. I'm like, man, come on, cover the whole thing,
bro, don't be afraid.
And I'm watching them say all this, I mean, guys type in, banks want 100 trillion in new
liquidity, in new credit, which means our tax money. And they're announcing what the
world government is, an autocratic centralized government run by private mega banks. The
Financial Times of London four years ago wrote a headline, and now for world government,
their foreign editor, Bilderberg group attendee.
And he says, yeah, we're autocratic, we're authoritarian, we've been secretive, but we
know best, we're taking over. He admits in the article, okay, you've exposed us, doesn't
matter, you wanna join us. I mean, I've had Rothkop, the head of the Kissinger group,
on my show.
And I said, why'd you come on my show during the break? And he goes, I wanna convince you
we're the right way to go, Mr. Jones. And you're a very important person, you're part
of the super class in your own way, leading the resistance. So you could do well, we'd
like to hear what you have to say.
And I could instantly go join them and I'd be a US Senator or whatever, or I'd be the
next Rush Limbaugh, okay? If you just engage them and be their buddy, do you know how real
all this is? All reason I can tell you the Rothkop story is when they tell me this stuff
is off record now? Cuz I have a journalist hat, I can't talk about it if it's off record.
I can talk about it cuz Rothkop, they're on the phone line, during the breaks talking
to me, John Harmon's hearing the whole thing five years ago. He wrote super class bragging
about all this.
And he's like, no, I don't care if you say that I say you ought to work with us, we're
trying to save the world. Well, the answer is no, you're not, no, you're not. You're
destroying the family, you're bringing in tyranny, and I've had enough of it. So here's
Biden saying new world order, there it is, world needs 100 trillion more credit a decade,
says World Economic Forum.
When you read it, it's a tax to them. They wanna shut down productivity, folks. It's
incredible. And then their propaganda say they're saving the world. Here is Biden calling
for a new world order, and they define it in the whole speech as a global economic system
controlled by private banks. Here it is.
The affirmative task we have now is to actually create a new world order, because the global
order is changing again. And the institution is the rule that worked so well in the post
World War II era for decades, they need to be strengthened, and some have to be changed.
So we have to do what we do best. We have to lead. We have to lead. We have to update
the global rules of the road. We have to do it in a way that maximize benefits for everyone.
You know, if you go pull up my clip, it's up on infowars.com. Here, let me actually
pull it up. Give you the exact name. It's got scores of clips where they say, this is
global governance. This is world government. It's the War on Reality Special Report. That's
the name of it. And if you just type that in the War on Reality Special Report, I'll
get the Webmaster, the Sunday crew to repost that up at the top of infowars.com. I have
them defining. They go, what is new world order? It is global governance run by private
central banks, head of the EU, head of Britain, head of the US. They say this at these meetings.
I'm watching it. And they say under this, there'll be no families. They're going to
make us live in government dormitories in 200 square foot little coffin deals. Bloomberg's
already trying to make it the law while they're all exempt from it, living like kings. Prince
Charles, second hour coming up. Stay with us. Report from North Korea.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at five star soap.com or call 800-340-7091
for a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice
as good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at five star soap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. A little over a year ago, I began to do a lot
of research into why even if I had a pretty good sized meal that I was still starving
and my research led me to a well known fact that most of the soils that we grow our crops
on here in the United States and across the industrialized world are almost completely
depleted of almost all of the key minerals and trace elements that our bodies need to
rebuild themselves, fight off cancer and be healthy. I then searched out the best vitamin
and mineral company out there and discovered Young Jevity. The Young Jevity products are
designed to give you the real nutrition you need and once you've got that, you don't have
to eat as much to be satisfied. I've lost 37 pounds in two months. Simply getting the
vitamins and minerals I need. Check it out for yourself. It's incredible. Go to Infowarsteam.com
today and order your first canister of Beyond Tangy Tangerine complete multivitamin mineral
complex dietary supplement. That's Infowarsteam.com. Coast to Coast direct from Austin. You're
listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network. From his Central Texas command center deep
behind enemy lines, the information war continues. It's Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
You know, in the last hour I talked a lot about the collectivist and at the lower levels
they're a bunch of idiots. I saw a video last week on the show and Mike Adams was sitting
in the Health Ranger naturalnews.com doing a great job. He played that clip of that Colorado
State Rep saying we got about 15 round mags and up because after you shoot the bullets
out of them, you got to throw the mag away. They're no good anymore. And so low level,
they're complete morons. The globalists mainly, it's not a conspiracy at the low level because
they just get idiots that are yes men and yes women that are dumber than a box of rocks
and they count on you being dumb. But higher up the collectivist are people that understand
how humans operate.
And most people that learn how humans operate, they go and use it to manipulate people like
their cattle just so they individually monetarily get ahead. And that's not my philosophy. My
philosophy is to lift you up so that you lift up my family as well because I don't need
to believe in karma, mojo, reap what you sow. I feel it. And I'm not somebody that gets
jealous of a guy that has a beautiful wife or a beautiful home or writes an incredible
book.
I admire them. And I grew up thinking everybody was like me. And I'm not saying I'm virtuous
or anything either. I'm competitive as the next person. And if somebody crosses me, I
have big problems with wanting to destroy them. It's just that I have a sense of justice
and I'm a team player, which is the opposite of being a collectivist. I'm about the individual
but also working with others to build something greater if you choose under free will.
Now, we got Dr. Pachanic. We're getting lined up here from the DMZ there in Korea to cover
that crisis coming up. And I'll get into other news after he leaves us. But let me punch
up for TV viewers. If you're a radio listener, go to infowars.com. I went and swam in the
river today downtown, did some exercise. I only had an out time of some a mile.
And it's just really great. It's like the Caribbean out there. There's so many big fish
and turtles and stuff. And I got out and I saw some red ants up on the hill where I parked
and walking back up from the river. The Brazilian fire ants have come in and killed most of
them. There's these big ants I grew up seeing.
And I shot a video called of ants and men. It's linked up on infowars.com and prisonplanet.com.
And I just posted about an hour and a half ago, uploaded it as I drove into work from
the swim. And, you know, I talk about Plato's allegory of the cave coming out of the cave.
And this guy says, Alex Jones believes in the philosophy of Plato, that philosopher
kings must rule and should be appointed by self-proclaimed enlightened, think Illuminati
kingmaker historically called the Emperor.
This is the garbage that has spawned tyranny time and time again throughout history. Alex
Jones is human garbage riding the wave of tyranny, democracy and government at the founding.
Democracy translate literally the people's strength. The population has armed and demanded
rule by the will of the people.
Number one, I support the republic. So I can get what you're saying that I support Plato,
but not his republic. He was the original proto eugenicist. I can take some things he
said and then leave others like the allegory of the cave, people in a cave looking at projections
like a television is profound, really.
And coming up out of the cave, the larger world that that I was talking about. But that
doesn't mean I endorse the philosopher king because the philosopher king still builds
a centralized system. And even though they can create a golden short period, corrupt
people will take the place of the philosopher king and create the ultimate hell.
But just as a republic produces so much wealth that comes out of tyranny, striving for liberty
creates a great republic and wealth, then the generations become decadent. The generations
become corrupted because liberty produces so much wealth, so that creates its own cycle.
So I analyze the different cycles. And so just saying come out of the cave like Plato's
allegory does not mean I endorse Plato.
Even though I've read, I don't know, a couple of his books. I mean, it's very interesting
stuff. I first read one when I was about 12 because I heard that he wrote about Atlantis
as if it was real. I wanted to see what the historian and philosopher Plato had to say.
But I've read the other philosophers as well. I've read Nietzsche. Doesn't mean I agree
in the uber mention and having visions on the toilet. I have my visions out on top of
rock, looking up into the stars. I have my visions watching my children play around and
swim in the edge of the lake.
I have my visions thinking about all that's good. We're going to go to break here, ladies
and gentlemen. And when we come back after this quick break, Dr. Steve Pechenik is on
the line with us. InfoWars.com.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions
are stockpiling food, gold and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you
for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective
against bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver
has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to SupernaturalSilver.com.
Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
Crashing through the lies and disinformation, it's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Monday through Friday, from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Central, we're live at the free iPhone and
Android apps and the listen page at infowars.com and prisonplanet.com. Just click on the tab
and we of course, our weekday simulcast on XM166. This is the Sunday live transmission.
We're into hour number two, Sundays 4 to 6 p.m. Central, live across the country and
re-aired on many other fine stations out there.
Wanna say hi to all our new affiliates and listeners. Be sure and support our local AM
and FM affiliates by spreading the word and sponsoring them as well. And be sure and support
us with all the great books, films, materials at infowarsstore.com. Forgot to plug last
hour and that's how we fund our operations.
It is a 507 Central Standard Time. We're gonna go to Dr. Steve Pacinek. It's 7 a.m. Monday
morning on the DMZ in the dividing line between North and South Korea with the global crisis,
with them threatening to launch a missile and not saying if it has an atomic bomb on
top of it threatening to nuke. It's weird having a weirdo dictator who reportedly has
ICBMs that many doubt can actually reach the middle of the country, much less the West
Coast, saying he wants to nuke Austin.
And I'm sitting here in Texas with some crazy inbred control freak, hereditary dictator
who's a communist, of course, the ultimate tyranny, saying he's gonna nuke me and my
family. Very, very bizarre. Dr. Steve Pacinek, one of the most famous for the hostage negotiators
and crisis negotiators, helped get the Camp David Accords through.
The only peace deal that ever really did anything in the Middle East. StevePacinek.com co-wrote
the books with Tom Clancy and has a bunch of big Hollywood movies. He's an MD and PhD,
Harvard University, MIT, very interesting guy. I gotta get him on sometime and make
him talk about overthrowing countries and all the rest of it. You can pull up his name
if you wanna read that. Just serious guy, amazing we have him on.
He was the first guy to expose bin Laden, was dead back in 2002. Member of the real
government or was, Council on Foreign Relations. We're gonna talk to him in a second, but briefly,
welcome to Planet Hoax. This is the April issue of Infowars Magazine, a great tool.
Everybody's getting out of print, we got into print. We dominate digital, dominate alternative
news, infowars.com, prisonplanet.com. But welcome to Planet Hoax, the war on reality.
This gets into the fact they denied there were drones. Now they admit they were told
to lie, Robert Gibbs. They said there weren't 2 billion bullets, now they admit they were
told to lie. It's full of more than ten major hoaxes. Well, actually one article is ten
major hoaxes. I don't know, 20, 30, I don't know.
Major hoaxes at the establishment has been caught in over and over and over and over
again in the new issue. You can buy them in groups of 10 up to 100 at cost, big color
glossy magazine, great way. It has the Dianne Feinstein centerfold in it. I'm not joking,
it's an April Fool's joke. It's not pornographic, don't worry.
Except that kinda makes you like Dianne Feinstein, it's her head on Betty Page with a devil tail.
The point is, so maybe I don't like it. I disavow it, we won't do it again. I don't
like looking at Feinstein, I'm having a good feeling. But anyways, the point is, it's in
the new magazine, infowarstore.com. Get them in bulk, give them to people, wake folks up
today.
It is an info war. You heard the MSNBC hoax, been part of the Department of Education saying
the collective owns your children, like this is North Korea. No, they don't, fight back
and these tyrants will dissipate like phantoms at dawn, to quote Thomas Jefferson. Okay,
again going to Dr. Steve Pacinek, we're going to break here in about six minutes.
He's going to be with us for most of the rest of the hour, reporting from the DMZ. He was
in the State Department, chairing that area previously, was involved with the Korean government,
so he's been inserted by himself. He offered the government to go, which he's done in the
past, and they didn't want his help.
But he is reporting for us exclusively and at stevepacinek.com. And so he's got some
breaking news since he talked to us Friday from the demilitarized zone. And what many
analysts say could be the trigger for World War III. And the media has been saying, when
we need a psychiatrist on the ground, he is a real psychiatrist, not a quack psychiatrist,
in his own words.
Doc, good to have you on with us. Tell us what the latest is from the DMZ.
Alex, it's always a pleasure to be on and I always come on your show because there is
really a reality check on what is happening. What is happening on the DMZ, it's quite cold.
We've had rain and we've had a lot of snow on the eastern part. What we see happening
is troop movements from South Korean troops moving in tanks and young 18 to 19 year old
boys in the Republic of Korean Army, which basically they have to serve about 18 to 24
months mandatory service. Many of them are highly inexperienced, as many of our soldiers
were in the Korean War. Some of them talked to me. Their officers tried to get them away
from me. I talked to them. I asked them if they were afraid. They said yes, but are they
really scared of a major war? They said they're not sure because there's so much war talk
going on and war mongering that they feel that in the past this has not come to life.
In turn, I was able to get access to some of the most unusual of our own military, which
is special forces. I can't identify them, but I've always had a great respect for
our special forces. Since 30 years ago, I was part of really developing the special
forces units out of Fort Bragg into an elite Delta Force unit and talking to them.
Sure. In fact, you were involved. That's on record in the creation of Delta Force. What,
in 1979?
That's correct. And what I talked to them about, and again, remember, I am not allowed
to, I was forbidden by our intelligence organization, our state department, our embassy, our KCIA,
whom I worked with and including the Blue House here and the ROC, Republic of Korean
Army. I have been totally forbidden to access anyone, so I really am doing this on my own
on behalf of you and really the American public. I'm not a hero. I'm simply doing what
you're doing, although I didn't read Plato and Nietzsche, and when I did, I had to go
to a textbook to see what they meant. But let me get to the point. The point here is
what one of the very smart special forces soldiers said to me. He said, look, Doc, for
over 20 years since the Cold War, and he knew who I was, we have not had a strategy. We
have not had a complete overall world strategy. All we have been doing is reacting to situations
which we sometimes create, often create through our military.
So it's a rotting stalemate.
Well, it's not just a stalemate. We get into situations which we cannot control. And
this is the problem we have now. Let me make it very clear. I have worked with the North
Koreans. I have negotiated with the North Koreans. I knew Kim Jong Il. I knew Kim Oh
Sung, his grandfather. And let me tell you a little bit about the notion that this media,
including CNN and Wolf Blitzer, is an unsensible crew of morons who are saying that this is
a black box. North Korea is not a black box. For 30 years, we have known everything about
North Korea. It's not just as a psychiatrist, but there have been other colleagues of mine
in the CIA, including Don Gregg, Jim Lilly, who were in the CIA and were our phenomenal
ambassadors, again under Bush Sr. People underestimate how much Bush Sr. had kept things quiet. And
we did not precipitate any conflicts. What happened, in effect, is we understand very
well the pattern of behavior where the North Koreans, when they need help, they continuously
bang-bang and then try to get us to the negotiating table when we put on a restriction on them
or an embargo. And then they force us to try to come to a negotiating table with them and
make concessions. At times, we would make concessions. Often, we would not make concessions.
The concessions often rotated around food. The reason food is important in North Korea
and people have not emphasized this, this is a country of 22 million communists who
were impoverished, not just starving, but literally impoverished. And the only thing
that they can do is not come over the DMZ zone, although I do see some of them trying
to approach it. I do see machine gun racks in the distance. I do see their installations
of artillery guns. But I'm not worried about that because I know the military situation
and the force structure of the North Koreans. And quite frankly, we in the national security
area promised previously and even presently know that all of the equipment in North Korea
is really antiquated. It's old 20-year-old Soviet equipment.
All right, doctor, we got a long segment coming up. We're going to come back, give you the
floor to break down what you said the danger is. And here's the big question. Is this like
the Berlin Wall about to fall? Could North Korea be preparing to collapse? Because this
is three, four times the rhetoric we've ever seen. You agree with that Friday. What's the
real danger in the West getting into this hype, using it as a domestic political diversion?
Could this cause the implosion of North Korea into China and South Korea? What does that
signify? You said Friday this could cause World War III. We'll see the real danger straight
ahead and where Obama's dropping the ball.
You may be arrested or subject to other police action. Tyranny is here. The grim future foretold
in 1984 has become reality. It really says that the state is God. The United States is
now recognized globally as one of the most oppressive police states on earth. This film
conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps now being expanded nationwide.
This documentary exposes how the continuity of government program has established an all
powerful shadow state. Police state four chronicles the sickening depths to which our republic
has fallen. Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship, body scanners,
sound cameras, citizen spies, stage terror and cameras on every street corner. It's only
the beginning of the New World Order's hellish plan. The police state isn't coming. It's
here. Secure your copy today at Infowars.com or see it online in the highest quality at
prison planet dot TV. Introducing pro wine. All of your filtration in one system portable
on the go. No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You
have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced
manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced
media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the
only one that does it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo
code water. This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides,
herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form
of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your pro pure with a new pro one filter today at Infowars.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your
arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for
intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new do it yourself home security system that is
completely wireless. Go to getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely
customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed.
Getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes
so there's no need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate,
you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home but SimpliSafe
will stand guard, protecting your property 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Again, that's
getsimplisafe.com. Coast to coast, direct from Austin. You're
listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network. We now take you live to the Central Texas
Command Center in the heart of the resistance. You're listening to the Alex Jones Show.
You know, before Dr. Pachinik leaves this, I want to play a clip for him of MSNBC saying
your children belong to the government. I mean, this is just authoritarianism 101. They're
really making their move. I mean, they have to move to North Korea to be free once they've
taken over. He's there on the DMZ. If you're a TV viewer, he sent us photos of him there
right on the edge of North Korea. And again, when he was in the State Department, he was
actually over that area.
He knows all those people, that's why. He hinted when he was on a few weeks ago when
this crisis was bubbling that he'd go there. And we got an email Friday morning, I'm here.
I'm ready to report. And he's got a government-assigned person with him. Pretty amazing to have him
actually up there reporting on what's happening. And he's done negotiations with these people
before Kim Jong-un's dad, Kim Jong-il, so he can speak about it.
You can pull it up where he was arrested once by Assad's dad in Syria. I mean, pretty wild.
We gotta get Pachinik on sometimes. In fact, the next interview about just all the wild
stuff he's done, it's not classified. But I mean, instead of just reading it in the
newspaper, manipulating the Red Brigades into killing the Italian Prime Minister who they
already had kidnapped, is that true?
Is that a lie? By the way, is that true when the London Telegraph says that, or is that
a lie, Dr. Pachinik?
What does the London Telegraph say? I don't read it. I won't read it, but let's get to
the key mission. The London Telegraph's not relevant to anything.
No, I understand. So you're there, there's totally loading the missiles of warheads,
threatening the nucas.
Are they capable? Artemis is capable of hitting South Korea. Are they capable? Yes. Will they
do it? No. The reason they cannot do it is because they don't want to destroy the very
basis of which they're going to be the part of South Korea. In other words, the overall
strategy for the United States, South Korea and North Korea and China is to have what
we call a soft landing. For Kim Jong-un, who is not crazy, by the way, he's very predictable
and he's very rational. He really has no desire to destroy anything, including the West Coast
of America or South Korea. Number one, he has a deliverable system, which is not really
very functionable. The missile systems are old, they're antiquated. The what we call
the single strike kill probabilities are very low. Usually they're rated at 90%. In his
case, they're rated at about 1%. And same with our missiles. Our missiles were always
rated at 90% as single strike kill probability, but they never really got out of the silo.
And when they did, they really fell on the ground. So the missile strikes itself are
just using as a bargaining technique. I think Chuck Hagel, our Secretary of Defense, understand
this very well. He has done an excellent job of saying I will not put missile systems on
the West Coast because it will provoke them. I think Chuck, who has understood the Vietnam
War and the necessity to manage pre-conflict and pre-wars has done an excellent job.
Sure. I mean, modern cruise missiles are the threat, not antiquated 1960s ICBMs that even
if you have rocket scientists working on them around the clock, it's very hard to get them
out of the silos. These idiots can't even make a car. So it's a hoax to get food and
to get oil. So if this is their biggest saber rattling ever, does this signify the North
is preparing to collapse, which is a real danger? Well, it's a good point, Alice. It's
not signifying that they're preparing to collapse. It's signifying that they're afraid of collapsing
because of the UN embargo and the fact that we have effectively really tightened the amount
of commodities and food that they have had. The real problem for North Korea is not America.
It's not South Korea. The real problem for North Korea is China.
North Koreans, 22 million will not come over the border of the DMZ. I can see them. They've
been kept away by the North Korean soldiers. And basically what's happening, they will
head west into China and storm over the borders of China. So it's China who's really manipulating
a lot of the situation now in order to pay back the American troops and American foreign
policy for what we're doing now with Japan, because we're aligning ourselves with old
enemies. Japan was our old enemy. It's become a new friend. China was our old enemy, our
old friend. And now it's become a new enemy. Korea, South Korea was really an old enemy
because it was part of the Japanese empire. Most people don't realize how Korea was started.
So why are they doing all this saber rattling? And why did you say, Friday, this could trigger
a wider war in World War III? Well, because if you're not managed correctly, and fortunately
we do have Hagel and we do have John Kerry, who's coming here and our embassy is keeping
everything cool. But the real issue underneath all of this is having somebody like myself
who I don't see, not because I'm so wonderful, but I've had 30 years experience working
with the North and South Korean understanding of psychological manipulation and the manipulation
of psyops. This is a complete psychological warfare. So when you hear things like that
we don't understand the black box of North Korea, it's absolutely wrong. They are predictable.
They're not crazy. They're rational. It's a communist Chinese puppet. It's a Chinese
communist puppet state. Not really only Chinese communist puppet. Let me make it even clearer,
Alex, to your audience. Kim Jong-un has spent 15 years in Switzerland. You and I have barely
spent one day in Switzerland. He has been raised to be spoiled, entitled. He's very
shy. He's very awkward. He was not very smart at school. I know the exact school he
went to in Switzerland because I was there in boarding school, but unlike him, I was
kicked out after one week for being too American. But he is basically, we know everything about
Kim Jong-un and we know everything about Kim Jong-il because they have a compound in Switzerland.
So you have the very rich and the very spoiled who drive Maseratis, smoke Yves Saint Laurent
and drink Johnny Walker, things that we don't do. And they're running a state called North
Korea or communism. In my world, the only people who can be communists, who afford to
be communists are multimillionaires. And that's the case with Kim Jong-un.
I mean, it's total, total bizarro world, absurdism past the 10th power. So let me ask you this
question. What do you expect to happen then? Because you were saying Friday it was bad
management building up their power when Kim Jong-un or in can't even wipe his own butt.
Well, what I'm expecting to happen is if he's totally out of control and he's controlled
primarily by his uncle and his aunt. The aunt is the real, the sister of his father. She
controls him. And then there's one other person, I don't want to get into the Korean name,
who deals with the Chinese. The real issue here will be for John Kerry and for Chuck
Hagel to get to Lee Pong of China and explain to them very quickly, if they don't cease
and desist to provoke Kim Jong-un into this situation, serious problems will occur in
China and in the sea of China. This has nothing to do really with Kim Jong-un. What you have
to look at, what there is, is a distraction and deception that's purposely created by
the Chinese against the United States. The ones who are really calling the shots are
now the new leader, Lee Pong of China, who was a technocrat who also was spoiled.
So China wants to make us take care of their problem, North Korea. The answer is laugh
at them, make fun of Kim Jong-un and Dennis Rodman instead of acting like they can actually
attack America.
Well, you can laugh at them. I wouldn't necessarily laugh at them. And he's a fat boy, you know,
who's kind of shy. He's awkward. And normally in the high school in America, Kim Jong-un
would be considered a geek and he would be bullied. You don't need to do that. You just
ignore him. What you really do is strategically do what the sink pack our Navy has done, which
is to cut off the straits of Malacca, get into the China Sea and make sure that there's
no conflict between the Chinese, the Vietnamese and the Filipinos over the straits, over the
China Sea oil. This is always about oil and economic opportunity.
And that pirate-filled zone. When we come back, how do you expect this to end? How would
you like it to end versus where you think it's going? You seem more happy since you
were on Friday. When you are reporting and see between what we hear in the rhetoric that's
absurd in the newspapers of America and what I see in South Korea, where they're far more
constrained.
All right. Well, let's break it down straight ahead. We're going to be right back in followers
dot com.
I had tried everything. I'd cut back the amount of food I was eating. I was lifting weights
and jogging, but nothing was working. My body was literally starving for minerals and trace
elements as well as key vitamins. And as soon as I had that, I immediately could eat half
of what I was eating previously and be satisfied. Now, there are hundreds of great products
at info worst team dot com.
But I want to point out the three that have helped me lose thirty seven pounds in just
two months. Products like Beyond Tangy Tangerine, Holland Burst and Rebound. When I started
taking the Tangy Tangerine and other products every day, I lost more than thirty seven pounds
in just two months. Now that's results. I want to challenge my listeners to go to info
wars team dot com and to order just three of their products. And you will see the changes
in the way you look, feel and in your appetite almost immediately. Start your journey to
health and wellness today. Info Wars team dot com.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing
a full selection of silver based products. Our most popular silver based products are
the thirty two ounce nano silver solutions, our two ounce nano silver nasal applicators,
as well as our all natural silver soaps. Just released is our one hundred percent natural
silver gel. Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly
evaporate and leave the silver at the surface. But rather, we have formulated our silver
gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish
the skin while delivering the silver more effectively. Visit w w w dot silver lungs
dot com and click on our store page to find what silver based products are best for you.
That's w w w dot silver lungs dot com. In the last two years alone, the U.S. has seen
huge losses to our food supply. In 2011, storms and floods raged across the U.S., costing
us 20 billion in lost crops alone. In 2012, we saw the largest drought in the country
in more than 50 years. You may think out of sight, out of mind. And so you don't think
you will be affected. The fact is, you are. We all are. Food shortages drive prices up
for everyone. You might not be able to control mother nature, but you can control your food
prices by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply with E Foods Direct. Be
prepared before you need it with nutrient dense food you can store for up to 25 years.
You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you. Do what I've done and get your own
supply of the best durable foods out there from E Foods Direct. Call 800-409-5633 or
visit them on the web at efoods direct dot com forward slash Alex and check out their
spring specials. Again, that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at efoods direct dot com forward
slash Alex. You can bet your life on E Foods Direct. Devastating events like earthquakes,
tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial law have highlighted the need for
Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold
and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency. Supernatural
Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria, viruses, moles
and fungus and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally or used topically, it can
help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver has over 500 different
uses and a long term shelf life, making it the number one choice of preppers across the
country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to
Supernatural Silver dot com. Use the promo code prepared for 20% off your entire order
and like us on Facebook. Coast to coast direct from Austin. You're listening to the Alex
Jones Broadcasting Network. We now take you live to the Central Texas Command Center in
the heart of the resistance. You're listening to the Alex Jones Show. That's right, I'm
in the United States captured by six foreign mega banks who are above the law and pay no
taxes. They've signed me on and you and your entire family as well to their 1.5 quadrillion
in derivatives. And they are openly trying to wreck the family, shut down competition,
open the borders, take our guns and there's a new army report out, their new manual says
Christians period are extremist terrorist, including they see Orthodox Jews are extremist
terrorist.
That's Fox News up at info wars.com and prison planet.com. And in the next segment, I wanna
ask Dr. Pacinek his political views cuz he's a really interesting guy on all the things
that are happening. I know he's worked under five different administrations. Of course,
you can find out more about him who's co-written some of the books with Tom Clancy as the technical
expert and as a composite character of the Jack Ryan.
So kind of the Jack Ryan individual on this right now, Steve Pacinek. Dr. Steve Pacinek
is a psychiatrist and a medical doctor and wrote the book on psychological warfare in
the late 70s. It's still the Bible used in a lot of intelligence agencies today. He's
very critical of all the deception that goes on right now today and the authoritarianism.
Okay, so talk to me like I'm five years old. Friday you're saying there is a danger of
war, only because it's being overhyped and giving North Korea the idea of power which
may make Kim Jong-un toddling around like a bizarrest joke.
Actually feel like he has power. The communist Chinese are now freaking out saying don't
cause problems, North Korea, which is out of capitulation. Geopolitically, you call
it a psyop, break down the different angles, Dr. Pacinek. And then I wanna ask you a big
question. I'm gonna ask you a big question. And of course, that question is, is there
a way to fix North Korea?
Will it ever unify or is it too bizarre? I mean, this guy's saying I'll nuke you, I'll
kill you, even if he doesn't have the capacity. They've got D.U. Shabo meteor guns in space.
What would happen if he was taken out? Because when somebody says I have nukes, I'm loading,
I will kill you. If somebody came to my house with a gun, whether it's loaded or unloaded,
and said, I'm gonna kill you, I'm not gonna wait and see if it's loaded.
I believe, and I don't even support war, people know that. I believe the guy should be taken
out, but I don't want him to be taken out. I'm saying we have a right to take him out.
Go ahead.
Here's the worst case scenario. The worst case scenario is what happened underneath
his father, Kim Jong Il, and his grandfather, Kim Il Sung. Kim Il Sung went overboard where
he blew up an entire dais where there was South Korean officials, including major senior
officials, and he overreacted. But we were able to work that backwards. Under Kim Jong
Il, Kim Jong Il, his father, he had blown up ships and he had blown up an island where
they use it as a kind of pro forma to show the world that they're quite serious.
And hijacked and hijacked ships like the Pueblo.
Correct. And also shoot down the Korean airline. Now, what happens in a game like this in psychological
warfare, and, you know, we can't control all the variables, but you have to be able
to estimate most of the variables is that they literally do overreact. And the overreaction
in this case would be where, in fact, a missile strike could accidentally get into one of
the areas that they had not intended, where, in fact, one of the commanders underneath
Kim Il Sung could literally decide to defect and become a renegade and try to approach
the DMZ, although that's not likely because it's highly mined and we have a lot of forces
ready to go. In fact, in the old days we had to hold back the Republic of Korean Army with
PLO, with oil lubrication and petroleum. But the reality is that at this particular point
in time, if there isn't that extreme exercise, and if we can't decrease the rhetoric from
our news media, which is the worst part of it because the South Korean people have been
complaining to me everywhere, that particularly CNN and a lot of our media are hyping up this
notion of missiles and missile strikes. They find it very disgusting and very insulting
because most South Koreans here that I'm working with and talking to, even on the DMZ
zone, are very calm, even though they're cautious. They're calm, they relax, they
go through an everyday activity, they do what they have to do, they live their life normally,
but they resent this overlay of warmongering that's being created by our military industrial
complex and our communication system. Let me give you an example. They know very well
that within days of the time that we had a crisis starting, guess who came in to sell
airplanes? European Airlines, the one that makes Airbus, came in with a $7.7 billion
contract. In turn, Lockheed Martin came in for an F-35 Joint Strike Fighter for $7.7
billion. Boeing came in for the F-15 Silent Eagle contract. And then another one, McDonnell
Douglas and other companies, Lockheed Martin, came in with an F-35 Joint Strike Fighter,
all trying to sell to the Korean Army fighter jets that they don't need. Right now, they
don't need it. Right now, Hyundai, Samsung, LG, and SK, these major Zaibatsus are doing
extremely well, and they resent the fact that the United States military industrial complex
and the communication systems that are run by the Northeast, the Midwest, and by the
military industrial system, is imposing on them military requirements that they don't
need and want. They want to create a society which can expand. In that process, if in fact
we alienate the South Koreans, who are now being run by a very effective president named
Ms. Parts, who is the first woman president of South Korea, whose father I knew because
he was assassinated right after the time I was here. I was not involved in the assassination.
General Parks is very well aware of what it means to have assassination and killing. She's
not interested in the assassination of Kim Jong-un. That will not accomplish anything.
You cannot assassinate leaders at this particular point in time when in fact they're being managed
by the Chinese and other companies. Sure, they'll put another titular figurehead
scumball in. Well, he's a titular head. He's a kid who's
absolutely spoiled, who's spent time in Switzerland. But the real strategic issue now is who is
going to control the oil and the military industrial requirements of the South China
Sea, including Korea, Vietnam, the Philippines, Japan.
Sure, so it's being used as a kamikaze or as a set piece, a proxy state to do this.
Dr. Pritchett, you're a really smart guy, so I'm asking a real opinion on this. Where
do you expect this to go? I mean, will I be a grandpa and there's the fifth hereditary
dictator of North Korea, and instead of 30 million people like 50 years ago, there are
23 million, and there's 1 million of them? No, I expect that within the period of time
that I've been here since I was involved in the transition from Jeon Doo-nung, No 2-1,
to from military dictatorship in South Korea to civilian, you have to remember there was
a military dictatorship. Carter and Reagan sent me here, and I made
that transition to civilian. Within 20 years, this country has expanded so quickly that
it makes our country look pathetic. It's clean.
And by the way, you're not bragging. Every time you say this stuff, I go and look it
up and find where you were involved in the negotiating team to get rid of the military
dictatorship that I was already aware of the history of, because I'm obsessed with history.
And you were a key guy, suggesting the psychological stuff. I was watching a documentary, and it
said the psychological team of the State Department recommended that they still give it one more
day. And then, in the Camp David peace deal that happened, and that was you.
So you really have been there at so many key historical points. What scares me is what
you said Friday. You offered your help a week ago, before this even was really going, or
a week and a half ago. They didn't want your help now. Every other administration has.
What does that say? Are they smoking their own dope, drinking their own Kool-Aid?
No, what it says is basically, thanks to you and me and the fact that the American public
has supported us, the day I said that 9-11 was a stand-down, the day I said that Bush
Jr. was a criminal, that Cheney was a criminal, that our war in Iraq was a disaster, and that
the generals involved were criminals, the day I said that Obama came in and lied about
Osama bin Laden, he lied about Benghazi, he lied about Sandy Hook, that made me persona
non grata in my own country. I have a better access to get into North Korea and the DMZ
zone in South Korea and even China, my ostensible enemies that I have in my own country. My
own military intelligence said to me, good luck and goodbye. I got into the KCIA, U.S.
Embassy, which normally affords a deputy assistant secretary a normal, you know, professional
recognition from the past. There's no recognition. So basically, I'm persona non grata.
Sure, they're scared of you. They're scared of you. I mean, in the land of the blind.
They're scared of me. I don't particularly care. It's not about me.
No, I understand. It's about not having World War III. We got to go to break. But in the
land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king. Steve Pacinek, Dr. Pacinek is our guest. I'm
Alex Jones. We're just shooting him for the first time. Our websites are infowars.com
and prisonplanet.tv. We're streaming video there right now.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Bend Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth-friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one- to two-month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice
as good as what you're using now. Or save big with a one- to two-year supply of soaps
for all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers. The prognosis for the entire planetary
economic system runs from bad to worse. The globalist model is to shut down societies
and starve patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover. That's why we've assembled
the most vital and important preparedness items at infowarsshop.com. These are items
that I did research on, that I personally use. You've got the LifeStraw so you can turn
fetid water into safe water anywhere you go. The Ktor Handcrank Generator to charge up
key equipment during power outages or out in the field. Strategic Relocation Third Edition
by Joel Skousen. When Disaster Strikes by Matthew Stein. TheraSafe used by Homeland
Security to protect yourself during any radiological event. Handcrank shortwave AM-FM radios. Everything
that we've researched and found to be the best is available at infowarshop.com and your
purchase makes our Infowar possible. We're getting prepared. Are you? Infowarsshop.com.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system,
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping
or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new
do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power, so even if the grid
goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed. Getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is also ridiculously
easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes. So there's no need to let a stranger into
your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever
you go. You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's getsimplisafe.com. Introducing Pro
One. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more do you have two
or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts out the sodium
fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new Aquamedics advanced media for removal of fluoride
and other heavy metals, all in one filter element. It is the only one that does it.
And out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine. Hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
a new Pro One filter today at infowarskstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Coast to Coast, direct from Austin. You're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
Defending the Republic from enemies foreign and domestic. It's Alex Jones.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm having conversations with Dr. Steve Pechenik during the break and
forgetting that we're live back on air. We only ran 30 seconds of intro music, right?
Okay, it's good. I didn't know, I'm like, whoa. I'm like, I've been talking a while
here. We're having some interesting discussions there off air. Bottom line, why did you go
to Korea? Where do you think it's going, Dr. Pechenik? One of the most famous hostage negotiators,
crisis negotiators out there helped get the media's peace deals going.
What do you expect to happen? What do you expect to see happen with the missiles being
loaded they claim? Or is that just more of a push by North Korea to get more oil and
food? And if they're this desperate now, when they do fall apart, what do you expect to
happen?
You said implode into China, implode into South Korea. Is there any way to ever fix
North Korea and get aid to those people under the cult of the state?
Yes, let me start with the first question. Number one, the day I finished my interview
with you, which was so grateful that on Sandy Hook where I told you it was a false flag.
I knew that Obama and his White House choir boys would start another false flag in Korea.
I could see it. I could smell it. So I got on the plane the next day without anybody's
permission. I was told not to go. I came here and I wanted to report directly to you and
the American public, went on to the DMZ zone and other parts of North Korea, which I cannot
describe because of the past experience. And I knew that there would be an escalation of
rhetoric and an escalation of behavior, which I wanted to see and monitor directly to the
American public, particularly the Alex Jones show, because I couldn't trust the media.
I couldn't trust our CIA. I couldn't trust our military intelligence. I couldn't trust
our government. It's as simple as that. And what I saw happening was that there was
a total disconnect between what was being said and what the reality was on the ground
here at the DMZ zone, where I saw some movements, but very little movements on the part of the
North Koreans. I had a lot of rain, a lot of cold weather, and I saw a lot of the rock
or Republic of Korean Army soldiers.
So that's good news. There's not a real mobilization to invade the South.
No, there is no mobilization to invade the South. And furthermore, from past history,
I know very well, as well as our military commanders do, that the 2.2 million men that
are officially in the Korean Army, North Korean Army are totally useless. They're hungry.
They have no equipment. All the equipment is antiquated. The ammunition is antiquated.
And they have no desire or capability to really invade through the southern section.
Number two, the key issue here is not the invasion. It's really the fact that psychologically
they want to create a scenario, a psychodrama, where we come back to the table, we, the United
States of America, come back to the table and offer them food assistance so that they
can have a soft landing, or what we call the Sunshine Policy, over 30 years. Now, what
is a soft landing? A soft landing means that we know from past experience, particularly
in the Bush administration, which, again, I was involved with, when we amalgamated or
joined East Germany and West Germany, we made a mistake in 1991 by not figuring out that
East Germany had so much economic burden to it that West Germany could not absorb it.
And in turn, we translated that problem to South Korea and North Korea. There is no way
that South Korea can absorb North Korean problems and economic disruption.
So how does it end, then? How do you see it ending? Is there any good ending?
I see it positively ending if we get out of the way. If we stop this agitation and we
stop these false flag operations, we stop this incredible amount of military industrial
production.
So bottom line, the military industrial complex that Eisenhower warned us about wants to keep
it going, to sell more weapons, but all the money is worthless if we start World War III
with the Chi-Cons.
Exactly. But ironically, Alex, your audience has to understand, we lost every war since
World War II. We lost the Korean War and it was Eisenhower, our general, one of the greatest
presidents I've ever seen, who had to come in and draw the line on the DMZ. Nobody talks
about the fact that it was a great military general who had to create the peace and say,
that's enough. We don't have that. We have a president who's not qualified, not competent-
Instead, they just keep the wars going.
Who's not qualified.
Listen, I don't want to have war with North Korea either. And I know the globalists are
corrupt and there's all these influences, but we invade Iraq. We ship Al Qaeda to Pakistan.
Our government's using Al Qaeda and Libya and Syria. It's incredible crimes going on.
And then still, the North Korean clear death spots go on forever. I mean, the good die
young, the evil states never seem to die either. I mean, I am just ready to see Kim Jong-un
hanging like Mussolini being spit on. I want to free those people, but I get it's a set
piece. How could they ever transition into a peace with the South?
Because we're doing it very slowly. The South Koreans have been very effectively creating
like a military industrial complex-
Economic zone, sure, sure.
K-E-O-S-O-N-G, where 54,000 North Koreans are already working, making over $700 million
to the economy. And the North Koreans know this. But instead, what they want to do is
to reaffirm the position of this little chubby fat boy from Switzerland who hasn't done anything
and try to show that he's in charge. In fact, only three people in charge, his uncle, his
aunt, and a third person who deals with China. And the real puppeteer here is China. And
if China is not warned to cease and desist, they will have problems internally. And I
can help them to have problems internally because number one, they have social disturbances
of about 150,000 riots on a normal year in China. They have water deprecation-
By the way, I agree with you. People keep saying China's gonna take over. The CFR says
that. China is on the verge of imploding.
China is in such a bad state, it's worse than North Korea. Because at least North Korea,
we can stabilize. China, we can't. China has now economically defaulted on loans. They've
given out loans that they can't-
Sure, so let me stop you. Here's my bottom line. You're a smart guy, historian, psychiatrist,
medical doctor, seen a lot, run black ops all over the world, brought down regimes with
psych warfare. What do you expect to see with the basket case China and the basket case
North Korea and the West as a basket case with delusional decadence?
What do you expect to see?
I expect to see that we get a new government in the United States. That's the number one
issue. We cannot have another Hillary Clinton, another Clinton who lies, another Democrat
or Republican. We have to reconstruct the Constitution, re-employ new leaders of our
country that come from the grassroots up, particularly governors who've been very effective
in running executive positions. We have to decrease our government size. It is out of
control. We have to close down the CIA 9000, close down Homeland Security, close down all
these unnecessary, worthless organizations that do nothing to either increase our national
security or increase our productivity. We will have to increase our manufacturing capacity
and decrease the size of our banks and their corruption. In the meantime, in China, they
have a major problem. If I wanted to create the destruction of China, it's far easier
for me as a psychological warfare expert than to maintain, than to destroy North Korea.
All I have to do is create a war between India and China, which is what's happening now,
and arm India, arm China and allow them to fight over water. So I'm not as worried about
North Korea. North Korea will be quietly brought down. Hagel has done a very good job of doing
that. Kerry's coming over here and maintaining the quietness. The problem we have in America,
and that's the greatest problem we have, is our national leaders since Clinton, who was
a pathological liar and created a lot of wars and created rendition, then followed by Bush
Jr., the moron of morons who should have been indicted for war crimes, went to Iraq, Afghanistan,
and then Obama, who's totally a CIA-bred and born operative who knows absolutely nothing
about world affairs or running domestic affairs. He's talking about abortion. He's talking
about Obamacare. He's talking about gun control. When we have to worry about national, we have
to worry about our economy and jobs and jobs.
Exactly. As a Ford Foundation, as a Ford Foundation infiltrator of the national security complex,
he just wants to conquer America. And instead, even if they want an empire, they're gonna
lose the empire if they don't save the original republic. You can clearly see the writing
on the wall. No amount of bullets and armored vehicles is gonna save them from the collapse
of the American system.
And if they don't get off the back of liberty, they're gonna make our engine stall and the
whole plane's gonna crash.
Well, I'm gonna have a much more predictive element to that. I wrote about 20 years ago
that, in fact, if the federal government continues to expand in size and its powers and its internal
suppression of our systems, we will have potentially a second civil war between the states that,
in fact, have the resources like Texas, Florida, Utah, the Midwest versus the eastern states.
Right now, the Council on Foreign Relations, all the eastern think tanks like Brookings,
SIP, Rand are useless. And they're being funded by all of us to create policies that have
absolutely no meaning. The West Coast is totally meaningless.
I tell you what, doctor, doctor, I want you to get some sleep. We're back on the radio
tomorrow. How long are you in Korea?
I will be here a few more days to serve you and our American public.
All right, well, let's get you set up. We're gonna get you set up for a report tomorrow,
sometime during the three hour show. Chris, pick 30 minutes to do it. All right, thank
you so much, Dr. Pacinek.
Thank you, Alex, and thank you, America. But I want everybody to understand Alex is not
a conspiratorial individual. I don't think there's anybody in the mass media who really
understands Plato and Zarathustra as well as Alex does.
All right, we're not gonna have the Gutter Dommeron quite yet, my friend. I hope not.
The Ragnar Rook. All right, retransmission starts now in fallwars.com. See you back tomorrow.
