Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are live. It is Friday, the fifth day already, hard to believe, of
April 2013, and we are going to be live here for the next three hours. I've got Chuck Baldwin,
a former Constitution Party candidate, joining us, coming up at the bottom of the next hour
to get into the Southern Baptist Convention, the official Vatican newspapers here in the
United States, you name it, calling for an abolition of the Second Amendment. Absolutely
state-run, government-controlled religious groups in this country, truly despicable.
And if so-called Christians put up with this, next, they won't just be saying abortion's
good, they'll be saying human sacrifice is good. And I'm not joking when I say that.
I see an Associated Press headline, they're restricting the use of the term Islamicist.
Can't even call al-Qaeda terrorists now, because they're the good guys overthrowing Libya and
Syria. And now you can call anybody that wants liberty a right-wing extremist or a constitutionalist
and extremist. That's the new bad group, officially. And I'm gonna be getting more into this case
of this family who are our listeners. We've confirmed it in Florida, all over the news,
kidnapped children, government extremists, anti-government extremists, kidnapped children,
yes, their own children.
They claim they took their children, their two little boys, because they found a small
amount of marijuana. The government's going to take your children for a small amount of
marijuana and they hadn't gotten them back over a year later. That is a predatory government
that publicly grows the opium and loads it on the C-130s in Afghanistan to fly heroin
into America, onto the streets and into your son's and daughter's veins.
This is a totally sickening joke. But again, everybody knows the government deals drugs.
They have congressional hearings admitting it. And then they have a public policy poll
going, do you believe the conspiracy theory, the government's involved in drugs? I mean,
they've busted, I've had Serpico on.
He said everyone in the narcotics division of the detectives, everyone but him was dealing
drugs, everyone. And he wouldn't do it, so they shot him in the face, Frank Serpico.
I grew up and the police dealt the drugs, and I didn't use them. I tried one or two
and hated the way it made me feel. I feel terrible when I'm on this, and the next day
I feel like I was running for my truck. No, thank you. And I'd say, what are you doing?
We're raiding our party saying you're looking for drugs. You sell drugs. Did I go to jail
or did I go to jail?
And I'm just calling all the bull. I'm done. I'm done. I'm calling it all. I'm done. I
physically didn't even get angry yesterday. I got physically ill yesterday watching all
the newscasts just talking trash about two parents that had the will and the courage
to get their kids back from an evil government.
I mean, if you save somebody from a Nazi death camp, you better believe it was on the radio
that terrorists had stolen a prisoner. I mean, if aliens sat down in flying saucers and said,
anyone that doesn't help us are terrorists, I guarantee you, your neighbors, if you were
against the aliens, would rat you out to them. Guaranteed. Guaranteed.
I'd say half the public, if blood drinking aliens landed and said, give us children to
stick a straw in and drink their blood and we won't kill you, your neighbors would come
grab your children and deliver them bowing to the aliens. Great bubble snap. Here is
the child drink their blood. I mean, I'm serious. I'm serious. These are collaborator enemies
and just we need to call them out for what they are.
Break the trance and realize we got tyranny running wild and now wants to shut down the
real media. The latest on North Korea. It's all coming up.
I had tried everything. I'd cut back the amount of food I was eating. I was lifting weights
and jogging, but nothing was working. My body was literally starving for minerals and trace
elements as well as key vitamins. And as soon as I had that, I immediately could eat half
of what I was eating previously and be satisfied. Now, there are hundreds of great products
at info worst team dot com, but I want to point out the three that have helped me lose
thirty seven pounds in just two months.
Products like Beyond Tangy Tangerine, Holland Burst and Rebound. When I started taking the
Tangy Tangerine and other products every day, I lost more than thirty seven pounds in just
two months. Now that's results. I want to challenge my listeners to go to info wars
team dot com and to order just three of their products. And you will see the changes in
the way you look, feel and in your appetite almost immediately. Start your journey to
health and wellness today. Info wars team dot com.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing
a full selection of silver based products. Our most popular silver based products are
the thirty two ounce nano silver solutions, our two ounce nano silver nasal applicators,
as well as our all natural silver soaps. Just released is our one hundred percent natural
silver gel. Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly
evaporate and leave the silver at the surface. But rather, we have formulated our silver
gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish
the skin while delivering the silver more effectively. Visit w w w dot silver lungs
dot com and click on our store page to find what silver based products are best for you.
That's w w w dot silver lungs dot com. In the last two years alone, the US has seen
huge losses to our food supply. In 2011, storms and floods raged across the US, costing us
20 billion in lost crops alone. In 2012, we saw the largest drought in the country in
more than 50 years. You may think out of sight, out of mind, and so you don't think you will
be affected. The fact is you are. We all are. Food shortages drive prices up for everyone.
You might not be able to control mother nature, but you can control your food prices by freezing
the cost and availability of your food supply with e Foods Direct. Be prepared before you
need it. With nutrient dense food you can store for up to 25 years. You can hope for
the best, but hope won't feed you. Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best
durable foods out there from e Foods Direct. Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web
at e foods direct dot com forward slash Alex and check out their spring specials. Again,
that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at e foods direct dot com forward slash Alex.
You can bet your life on e Foods Direct. Live from Austin, Texas. Broadcasting worldwide.
That's Alex Jones.
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us on this fifth day of April 2013. It is
Friday and coming up in the second half of the broadcast. Pastor Chuck Baldwin is going
to be joining us to discuss all the major denominations from Catholic to the Southern
Baptist Convention, calling for the end of the Second Amendment and basically the end
of America. This is the great move ahead of the new global wars they're about to start.
The implosion of the world economy in every nationally sovereign state and the ushering
in of the one world government. And the church is all lining up again to worship abortion,
to worship gun control, to worship the end of marriage, to just worship tyranny period
and to openly call for world government, as the Vatican is now doing. Here is the CNN
headline report. North Korea loads missiles on to launchers, and they're talking about
nuclear war by next Wednesday.
Yes, ladies and gentlemen, they're talking about nuclear war. We're not talking about
nuclear war. The establishment is two medium range missiles have been loaded onto mobile
launchers in North Korea and are ready to be launched. South Korea's semi official Yonhap
News Agency reported today, citing military sources in Seoul. By the way, we have a correspondent
in Seoul, South Korea and we're working on that right now.
A US official, not a servant, but official with direct knowledge of the information told
CNN on Thursday that missiles and launch components have been moved to the east coast of North
Korea in the last few days. And again, that would be able to target the west coast of
the United States or be able to obviously hit Japan, it's much closer. In response,
South Korea has sent Aegis destroyers equipped with advanced radar systems into both its
coast, Yonhap said, citing Navy sources.
The apparent deployment comes amid further threatening statements by North Korea and
heightened intentions in the region, a situation that does not need to get any hotter, US State
Department said. Why did the State Department authorized with the UN then in the mid 90s,
ABB, the nuclear reactor company, the multinational company headed by Donald Rumsfeld to transfer
the reactors to him to get the fissile material to make the atomic bomb warheads, primitive
warheads, the 1950s science level warheads.
Why was that dumb and there were reactors they could have been quote given the last
time they were holding the world hostage. You're threatening war with the south the
conventional weapons, here, let us give you reactors to make a bombs. I guarantee you
when we're in some new giant wars with Al Qaeda that's being given the entire Middle
East right now, a year from now, two years from now, three years from now, four years
from now, it will be a conspiracy theory that the West put Al Qaeda in those countries.
It'll be how dare Alex Jones claim Al Qaeda was put in by us and I'll be like I have LA
Times, Associated Press, Reuters, CFR from 2010, 11 and 12, 13. Here they, shut up, traitor,
shut up, traitor. Yeah, there's London Guardian dealing with the, that's talking about in
the news and him transferring stuff to him. He's doing it in 1995, 96. Anyways, it's just
having a memory in a culture of people that don't even know which end is up.
It's really weird. I mean, I guess I'm a heretic because I know sodium fluoride in the levels
they put in the water and food are increasing cancer. They admit it. I know they're putting
this phenol and the plastics in that type of plastic to reduce fertility. The White
House science are brags about it. John P. Holdren, I mean, I know they're doing all
this.
I know they're bad. I know they plan to bring in global crises to sell total tyranny and
the shutdown of the alternative media as the answer. And the shutdown of the old web with
the new controlled Internet. It's all being announced. It's all happening. They're going
to take your pension funds, all of it, all of it.
You can have no independence. All of your pension fund, public or private, will be taken.
All of your bank accounts will be taken and then your life will be taken. How do I know
that? That's how tyrannies work. If they can get any of it, they're going to get it all.
What did I say three weeks ago when the Cyprus thing started? I said, if they can get 10%
people like, how dare you say that? They're not taking any money. That was the first response.
It couldn't be true. I was reporting on foreign press. First few days, you're a liar, Alex.
On my own website, infowars.com, the comments of trolls and spammers. Alex, you're making
it up. Okay, they are taking the money 7.5%. It's not 10%, you dirty liar. Because they
were covering articles from days before, it was then 10%, then it was 20, then it was
30, then it was 40, then it was 50, then it was 60, then it was 70, then it was 80, then
it was 90, then it was all the money out of your bank account.
For many of the people that had accounts, the lowest number was 40% out of your bank
account. And now they're saying they're gonna take more. And you notice at first they were
like, yeah, tough bailout for snipers, but it's what it needs. Fox News reporting, I'm
Shepard Smith or whatever his name is. That's right, and then a few days later, now they
call it a bailout.
They don't even say money out of the accounts on CNN, Fox, MSNBC. That's how it works, you
see. And now it's a conspiracy theory, no, they didn't take money out in Cyprus. There's
not 2 billion bullets. And of course, then it turned out that they sold it as we're gonna
get the rich people's money when it was actually the poor people.
Turns out hundreds and hundreds of mega rich that had their money there, all their money
was taken out in the weeks and months before. Reuters reported, but I forgot it doesn't
exist. I mean, this is the crazy land that we've gotten to. So they're now loading missiles
onto the launchers, all embassies told to evacuate staff from North Korea, the British
are pulling out.
That is the type of information that is unfolding right now. And maybe this is like all the
last threats. Remember Homeland Security about a month and a half ago, they were talking
about cutting a Homeland Security's ever growing budget just to cut the growth of it.
Just hundreds of billions of dollars a year conservatively, they said we're just gonna
cut a few billion of your growth. And they said, okay, terrorist will hit us. Al-Qaeda
working with the Tea Party, remember that was the headline, is going to hit America.
And if anybody could think they'd go, the Tea Party's made up of mainly Islamophobes
who gave up all their rights, believing they were gonna fight Al-Qaeda. Now the government
publicly runs Al-Qaeda, so they're flipping it over to the Patriot movement, is the terrorist.
But they came out and said, well, who's gonna hit us? Right wingers working with Al-Qaeda.
Haven't you seen all the new dramas on ABC, CBS, and Fox, and Spike TV and everywhere
else? I mean, on all the shows, the killers are gun owner patriots. Haven't you seen the
medical shows?
And then the cops are out there, and there's a Tea Party event in Louisiana. And people
are visiting from Florida, husband and wife who are engineers, they have two little boys.
So they raid the rooms of the people, it's just an anti-government thing. You're not
allowed to have a Tea Party event at the hotel with speakers. Good agents, good maids went
in and dug through stuff in the free country, and claim they found less than a gram of marijuana
and a pipe.
And so the children were taken, thank God, in our free country. If they catch you with
marijuana, your children are taken, Air Force veterans, no criminal record. And then a year
later, the government has the kids. And then now the parents went and took their kids back.
Oh my gosh, can you imagine? There's only one thing worse than that. One time I went
in the garage, and usually if I left the door open and forget to close it at night, raccoons
go in to try to find the dog food.
And the most evil thing that you've ever seen happens. If there's a mama raccoon or daddy
raccoon in the garage, they're not mean about it, they'll just kind of run out. But if they
brought their babies in with them and you try to get close, they just get their back
against the wall. They won't leave and they start hissing and growling at you.
And if you go up to them, they will attack you and bite you. And I think all raccoons
should be executed, hunted down and put in FEMA camps, because there's nothing worse
than wanting your babies to be safe. There's nothing worse than a parent wanting to be
with their child.
I mean, I think abortion is great in this country. I think it's great we've killed 53
million babies. I think it's great now the Journal of Bioethics is calling to kill babies
up to age three. I think it's great they're calling for death panels of old people. And
I think it's great that all over the country, I know people. I'll be in a restaurant listening
or I was at Barton Springs once and heard a couple going, it's just terrible.
Yeah, I can't believe it. I mean, no criminal record. He's a professor. She's a scientist.
She wanted to have her second child. They claim they found marijuana in her system.
They took both their kids. Yeah, it's been two months. They hadn't seen them. And they're
ending parental rights. Yeah, it's terrible. And then I'm in a restaurant and I start talking
to the people. Or I'm in a restaurant and hear them going, yeah, they pulled him over
and he had some marijuana in the car.
Yeah, yeah, so they went to the house and took their kids. I mean, folks, the government
ships the drugs in. It's trying to put your kids on Ritalin and Prozac type drugs that
are deadly and cause heart palpitations, heart expansion, brain shrinkage, retardation of
growth, mental illness, and it's speed.
It's hallucinogens. They're putting deadly shots in the kids. Cancer is exploding off
the chart. A wood alcohol aspartame in all the sugar candies now. You can't even not
just find gum, but it's now going in milk, unlabeled aspartame, wood alcohol. It breaks
down to wood alcohol at 87 degrees. The body's 98 plus.
I mean, they're just murdering a ship, but oh, let them find you with marijuana. That's
why they want to act like marijuana is legalized. So you go and get it so they can take your
kids. Marijuana is more illegal now than it's ever been. Do not smoke it and hate the government,
hate the system, spit at them spiritually. Just we are under enemy bombardment and total
attack and only a pure break with them will defeat them.
Introducing pro wine, all of your filtration in one system, portable on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing technology combined
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics, advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your pro pure with
the new pro one filters today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
We travel so much and having a fake TV gives added peace of mind burglars look for houses
that appear to be easy targets, but fake TV can fool even professional burglars into thinking
someone is home watching television as a recent widow living alone. It gives me great peace
of mind to set my fake TV near a window and know that passing motorists and pedestrians
will think someone is home watching TV when I'm actually away from home. Fake TV easily
plugs into any outlet just like a light on a timer and they're so easy to use. You just
plug them in and they're ready to go. Plus they're so affordable that we have one upstairs
and downstairs. Fake TV is only $29.95 with free shipping. Order your fake TV by calling
877-5FAKETV or go to FAKETV.com. That's 877-532-5388 or FAKETV.com. Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
Nice shooting. Hey, that's a sweet AK-47 chest rig. Is that multi cam? Yeah, got it from
StrikeHardGear.com. Strike what? StrikeHardGear.com. Set your sights on StrikeHardGear.com. Tough,
tactical gear for your Soviet style weapon that's made in the USA. Affordable, plus a
no questions asked 30 day money back guarantee and lifetime replacement warranty. StrikeHardGear.com.
Go ahead, pull the trigger. We the people grow cotton, we fabric, engrave ink, embed
strips and fibers to protect from counterfeit, then carting to a private bank, having it
lead back at interest, forcing taxes to service debt. This capitalism, or was Jefferson correct
when stating a central bank issuing the public currency is a greater menace to the liberties
of the people than a standing army? Hi, Ted Anderson. I'm placing a free silver dollar
in a book that explains our monetary system. Call for your copy. 800-686-2237. It's time
to understand the system. Call 800-686-2237. That's 800-686-2237. Hello, this is Ty Bollinger,
author of the bestselling book, Cancer Step Outside the Box. I want you to know some very
important information. In 1985, President Ronald Reagan requested that Carnivora be
sent directly to the White House at a time when only the president could obtain this
world class healer. Now, 27 years later, Carnivora capsules are used around the world to keep
people healthy. Now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in this age of superbugs
with 17 naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal cells only
without harming a single normal cell. If you want to stay healthy, now's your chance to
literally wake up your critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders that don't belong
in your body. Call 1-866-VenusFly or order from Carnivora.com. That's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A.com.
That's 1-866-836-8735, 1-866-VenusFly or visit Carnivora.com. Protect your immune system.
It's the only one you've got. By the way, look at this article from WorldNet Daily.
We've got it linked up on Infowars.com as well. Look what's posted on Piers Morgan's
lawn. The last time we had the Veritas project on, they're the folks that brought down Acre
and they told me off air they were going to go to his house. Pure genius, real reporting.
Look what's posted on Piers Morgan's lawn. Sting video snags CNN advocate on grabbing
guns. He has a armed response security system. So he has armed guards, ladies and gentlemen.
That's a very expensive security to have. We've actually looked at it for our office,
but why not just have us armed? So basically retired police generally or military with
special permits for armed response for LA.
They show up to his house, armed response. Piers Morgan, the resident gun control advocate
of CNN, protects his own personal property with signs warning that it is guaranteed by
an armed response security services. According to a new investigation by self-described guerrilla
journalist James O'Keefe of the project Veritas, it's known for his undercover video operations.
He recently exposed how journalists with a newspaper that revealed the addresses of gun
permit holders in the New York City were unwilling to take a dose of their own medicine, declare
their homes gun free zones.
I'm telling you, these guys are the model of journalism. It's funny, I was talking to
them off air about some stuff and I said, yeah, you ought to go out and show Piers Morgan's
bodyguards. And they said, actually, we're on that. We're going there next week, but
don't tell anybody. It's just like, bam. And I'll be honest with you, I've actually got
reporters going out to LA. They've scooped us. I'm more than happy. We got guys going
in. Well, I'm not going to say when. And that's on their list is to. I got to love it, man.
You got to love it. You got to absolutely love it. I mean, that's how you deal with
these hypocrites. And that's why they're so upset about the alternative media.
In fact, Fox News is asking, is Drudge on the White House enemies list? And of course,
the answer is yes, it came out, what, three years ago in the news that I'm on the enemies
list. Drudge is on the enemies list. Oh, Breitbart's on there, but you can scratch him off. Yes,
they got him. Oh, I'm sure they just announced how he died 45 minutes after he was at the
hospital.
That's just a telltale sign when they tell you that there's no foul play immediately
that you've got some really suspicious stuff going on. But again, here's the good news
in all of this. They wouldn't be freaking out. They wouldn't be coming after us with
all their government controlled organs like Media Matters, ADL, Southern Poverty Law Center,
MSNBC, CNN.
They wouldn't be demonizing infoawars.com if we weren't effective. So there's the good
news. My grandpa was in the Army Air Corps. They had an old saying, he was flying out
of North Africa into Italy. And then after they took over Italy, he was on the ground
there. But the point is, did his 22 missions, was that they had an old saying, how do you
know when you're over the target, it's when you're getting the flak.
Because they put the flak around the factories and around the military bases. They put the
big anti-aircraft guns and then they're shrapnel. They're like shells that go up and explode
and they've got a bunch of pieces falling at hundreds of miles an hour through the air
meant to knock out your windshields, go through your engines. And so how did you know where
to bomb? Where you saw the flak coming up. You had to fly into the cloud of flak.
And so where do you see the flak going up? Where do you see the flak coming in? The only
real media in this country, does that mean I'm perfect? No. Does it mean these other
sites are perfect like drugsreport.com? No. But you better believe and you better thank
your lucky stars that infoawars.com and prisonplanet.com and infoawars nightly news.
And this syndicated radio show and our AM and FM affiliates are out there because the
show's growing. But all the time we'll be number one rated in the city or number two
rated in the city. And they'll switch formats. Big money comes in and says, we'll pay you
triple what you're making to put ESPN on and get rid of Alex Jones in this talk radio lineup
in Orlando. They'll come in and they'll say, you know what, money on the table.
Take Alex Jones off in Dallas. Just getting listeners isn't all it takes, ladies and gentlemen.
I've gone uphill, uphill battle for 18, almost 18 years. I don't know, 1995, how many years
is that? It's not quite 18, it's almost 18. For 18 years, ladies and gentlemen, just to
get the platform we've got.
And we've got the White House breathing down our neck. And if they could get local police
to be corrupt and set us up, they would. I wouldn't last living in New York, guaranteed.
I wouldn't last living in LA, folks, okay? I've even moved to a town outside Austin because
I know what I'm doing.
But the whole point here is, ladies and gentlemen, understand we're going in against the Death
Star here in X-Wings. I mean, I hope you realize what you're watching here because there's
not much opposition to this. We'll be right back.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions
are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you
for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective
against bacteria, viruses, moles, and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver
has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com. Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your
entire order and like us on Facebook.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Bend Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth-friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers. The prognosis for the entire planetary
economic system runs from bad to worse. The globalist model is to shut down societies
and starve patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover. That's why we've assembled
the most vital and important preparedness items at infowarshop.com. These are items
that I did research on that I personally use. We've got the life straw so you can turn
fetid water into safe water anywhere you go. The Ktor Handcrank generator to charge up
key equipment during power outages or out in the field. Strategic relocation third edition
by Joel Skousen. When disaster strikes by Matthew Stein. TheraSafe used by Homeland
Security to protect yourself during any radiological event. Handcrank shortwave AM FM radios. Everything
that we've researched and found to be the best is available at infowarshop.com and your
purchase makes our info war possible. We're getting prepared. Are you? Infowarsshop.com.
We need to do this every day of the week and just really brainwash people into thinking
about guns in a vastly different way. It's not about keeping guns out of the hands of
law abiding Americans and I'm sick and tired of people lying to the American people. We
can't have a totally armed society. We're not proposing a gun registration system. We're
proposing background checks for criminals. In the spirit of gun control will you disarm
your entire security team? We'll get back to you. You'll get back to me? Hitler took
the guns. Stalin took the guns. Mal took the guns. Fidel Castro took the guns. Hugo Chavez
took the guns and I'm here to tell you 1776 will commence again if you try to take our
firearms. Doesn't matter how many lemmings you get out there on the street begging for
them to have their guns taken. We will not relinquish them. Do you understand? The answer
to 1984 is 1776. You're listening to the Alex Jones Show. Monday through Friday from 11
a.m. until 2 p.m. Central Standard Time. We are here live back Sundays and I will be live
this Sunday 4 to 6 p.m. Central with a Sunday broadcast. Tonight's Info Wars Nightly News
is gonna have a bunch of breaking news and special reports we're working on.
If you're not a subscriber to prisonplanet.tv, we have it at cost. All my films, my book,
Paul Watson's book, special reports, live event video feed coverage, the Nightly News
five nights a week, the video streams six nights a week. I mean, it is all there, prisonplanet.tv.
You create one master username passcode, you can share it with up to 11 other people, and
that's simultaneously logged in.
It's Operation Awaking the Sleeping Giant, get a prisonplanet.tv membership today and
support the real media. There's not a lot of real opposition to the globalist and the
crime syndicate. But the opposition that's there, infowars.com, prisonplanet.com, worldnetdaily.com,
drudgereport.com.
We are all on the White House enemies list that came out years ago. They are freaking
out, it's coming out on C-SPAN that they're tracking what we're doing, they're upset about
what's going on. They're saying the news on Drudge is causing us problems, because they
cannot control the narrative anymore.
They say they're not 2 billion bullets, there's no armored vehicles, there's no move towards
a police state. Fast and Furious didn't happen, we keep reporting it, then they have to admit
it was a false flag. It's all coming out. They have to have their takeover in a vacuum
where there's no resistance.
We're resisting, we have the truth, they're losing credibility. MSNBC's top shows, a million
viewers, CNN's top shows, 500 to 600,000 viewers. Ladies and gentlemen, we have 3 million
listeners a day. I'm not bragging, I'm saying I'm in danger, you're in danger. We're all
in danger if we don't take action, because we're actually having an effect on these people.
History isn't just evil, history has multi facets, those that aren't informed, those
that aren't informed, the mercenaries, the truly evil, the truly virtuous. There's a
lot of different factions out there, and there are different currents in this universe.
You need to stand up for liberty, and evil will vanish like tyrants at daybreak, like
mist, like phantoms at daybreak, to quote Thomas Jefferson. Now, we've got purges against
gun owners and veterans. Veterans who've had their arms and legs blown off are having their
kids taken. Veterans that are caught with even half a marijuana cigarette are having
their children taken.
Veterans are having their guns taken en masse. There is a domestic purge, like Nazi Germany
started with, groups that were unpopular at first and expanded onto everyone. I've studied
tyranny, it's happening next hour, I'm gonna get into that. But a big surprise, he's a
smart guy, he knows he's monitored, so he was smart to get out of the country and then
contact us.
He said, I'm gonna have a surprise for you next week. I'm an expert on Korea, and I knew
he was. He helped write Tom Clancy's books, co-authored him, has had a lot of his books
turned into major hit, most in pictures. He has multiple degrees from what MIT and Harvard,
I don't have his bio here in front of me today, and did write the book on modern psychological
warfare for the State Department that was picked up by the CIA and others.
He's negotiated major hostage rescue operations, he's run psyops, he's brought down foreign
governments, that's all on record. He won't brag about it, but you can Google Dr. Steve
Pacinek and find news articles about him. And no one's seen what he looks like in about
20 years either, but we got a photo from him about 30 years ago. And of course, he is a
member of the Council on Foreign Relations as well.
But as he says, a mole in there against the globalist. He exposes that bin Laden was already
dead, other false flags. And we get his email, we call the hotel, now he's out on the DMZ.
Dr. Steve Pacinek is there with a sandstorm coming in out of the desert on the DMZ. He's
watching troops coming in right now. And he can give you what he believes is the inside
intel scoop from his contacts on what's really happening with the biggest crisis, the biggest
saber rattling in the 60-year conflict, an ongoing conflict that is the North-South Korea
proxy situation.
So I'm gonna give him the floor now. Joining us from somewhere in South Korea, right on
the DMZ, he is there. Dr. Pacinek, thank you for going there and reporting for us.
Well, thank you, Alex, and thank you, America, for listening to me. What happened on last
week's show, I was on Monday and we talked about stand-downs and all the other false
flags. But I didn't want to give you the surprise that I knew the next day I would
be headed out on my own money, my own time, without any assistance from anybody, straight
into Seoul, Korea and up to the DMZ right now. I'm on the DMZ. It's about 1.40 a.m.
in the morning on Saturday, so we're 11 hours ahead. What I see is a huge sandstorm
coming in from the Gobi Desert of China and in a way that really is the metaphor for what's
happening in Korea. China is the primary mover of North Korea. China is the responsible agent
that creates Kim Jong-il, Kim Il-sung and Kim Jong-un. The reason I went here was to
show to the American public in real time, only through Alex Jones, how distorted our
representation is of the media, how inappropriate and how agitation propaganda is being played
through CNN, which I woke up to, and it was unbelievable. Wolf Blitzer, Farhan Akan,
Amina Poor, all the people that we talked about who don't know absolutely nothing
are being told by our military and our government to create a sense of panic and agitation that
there would be a nuclear missile strike somewhere on the Pacific, possibly near Seattle, possibly
on the East Coast, but the entire scenario is totally false. While I'm here, unofficially,
but the Korean government has not stopped me because I've worked with them. Let me
explain a little bit of my history. It's not just that I wrote about North Korea and
I was here, but I was deputy assistant secretary of East Asia, which meant that Korea was under
my jurisdiction, and I was the first person to actually work with. In the 1980s, a man
by the name of Jeon Do Won, No Tae Woo, our own government didn't really remember this,
and what that meant in simple language was I was able to help the military government
of South Korea. That's the present president, a lady whose name is Park, whose father was
assassinated in a military coup. I was able, with the assistance of the U.S. government,
to transform the entire country of South Korea in the 1980s from a military dictatorship
to a civilian one, and then eventually were brought in directly Kim Jong-Som and Kim Dae-Jung.
There's a lot of names here, but those in the world will understand it in the South
Koreans. I'm here in the DMZ zone, an unidentified area. I've been supported by the South Korean
informally through my guides and others, but I've had the opportunity and the unique
reason, and the reason I've done this, to really be able to co-opt and to explain to
the Americans only through Alex Jones Show, and Alex and I are being paid. This goes back
to our friendship and to the belief I have in that he's the only media that I can get
the real truth, and as I'm seeing it now, I see brigades, possible brigades, about five
to 10,000, 15,000 young South Korean soldiers moving in concert with half-tracks and tanks.
The tanks are old. They're not modern. I interviewed, even though the military did
not want to work with me. I asked for a formal request, although I came in very quickly to
the Republic of Korea Army, which I knew very well, because I knew all of their generals.
So you have to remember, America, that 20 to 30 years ago, Korea, South Korea, was run
by a military dictatorship. The dictatorship was assassinated. I was not involved in it,
but what I was was involved was the transforming of the dictatorship into civilian government,
and now the leader of South Korea is a very elegant, very competent woman who is the daughter
of the man who was the leading dictator by the name of Ms. Park. She in no way has interfered
with my work. I was provided with a guy who speaks English, Russian, Japanese, and is
extremely knowledgeable and was head of the major companies here, and I recruited him
very quickly. He may be key to KCIA. He may, maybe not, but we went immediately up to the
DMZ zone. I'm near the DMZ zone. I see the half-tracks coming in with tanks. The tanks
are very low quality. They're not M1 Abrams, the very sophisticated one, but most importantly,
I want to express the spree, the joy, and kind of the sadness of when you see young
men going to war. When I was drafted, I was 24, 25. What Alex was telling you, these young
kids have mandatory two-year service in the Republic of Korea Army, which is a very effective
army. In the old days, we had to hold back PLO, PLO men, petroleum, lubricant, and oil
because the South Korean Army was very effective, and if we didn't hold them back, they were
attacked across the DMZ. So, you have to imagine Korea being split in half with a line of control
where on the one side, the North Koreans have 2.2 million military soldiers with antiquated
equipment and old generals who come out of the communist regime who were trained by Kim
Il-sung. Now, Kim Il-sung was the father of North Korea. The reason they say he's crazy
or inappropriate is for wrong. Kim Il-sung was a very famous fighter against the Japanese
occupation, and to understand the history of Korea, you have to understand that Korea
was slaughtered by Japanese rule over a 35-year period, starting from 1915 to 1945, where
the Japanese still do not want to apologize to Korea, and where they used the women of
Korea, raped them, pillaged them, came and brought them to Japan to serve as service
women. Japan will not apologize for this, and very few Koreans in South Korea will ever
forget what Japan has done, despite the fact that Japan is now doing business.
They created hundreds of thousands of the ghost children. So, you've given us background.
I know you are a leading Korea Peninsula expert. You were telling me off air this is a giant
shy-op, multi-faceted. Who's behind it? What's the master plan, Dr. Pechenik?
Here's the major shy-ops. The major shy-ops is we have had our army involved in several
basically failed wars. We had them invaded into Iraq. As you know, from Bush, we had
the invasion of Afghanistan, thanks to Obama, and we've had incursions into various Middle
East countries. All have failed. We also have to remember that the U.S. Army failed in the
war in Korea, and that the only general who brought it forth and made peace on the DMZ
was General Eisenhower, so it took a military man to bring peace. What really happened now
was I anticipated that because the Navy was not involved in any of the prior incursions
in Pakistan, Afghanistan, and only served as a deterrent in the Mediterranean and basically
the oil companies, denying any access to so-called terrorists, which really weren't there, they
immediately switched to Asia as we began to get involved with Asian denial of access in
the Straits of Malacca and instigated the Japanese militaristic empire, and at the same
time we were forcing the Chinese in our confrontation to force the North Koreans. So it's a kind
of kabuki of concentrated efforts on the part of the United States, North Korea, South Korea,
and China, which I have seen for over 35 years. What happens usually is that the leader of
North Korea had the instigation of China because of our relationships that become poor as our
relationship with China becomes poor. China starts to act out and then informs North Korea
to do something that seems silly or very dangerous or self-destructive. In the meantime, we know
very well everything about Kim Jong-un, the new leader. He's been in Switzerland for
15 years. He was a very poor student, extremely shy, very loved basketball, but is in fact
was never trained to either be a leader of the Communist Party or, as they call him,
the commissioner or the master planner and master soldier of the DPRK or the Korean army.
So I knew that basically we had a phantom army, we had a paper tiger in the US, and
we had basically a very strong China, which where we all played and agreed that as our
navy went to the Asian course, we basically would start creating another strategic tension
as we had done with terrorism in 9-11, as we had done with Afghanistan, the Haqqani
group in Afghanistan, as we had done the civil war in Pakistan, and as we're now supporting
the Salafists in Syria. All of this is done in order to fulfill the mandates of our soldiers
who have not been in duty and in action and need to have the action and test out their
battle plans. In effect, our military has been very ineffective. There is no way, as
I see it on the DMZ and having worked with previous generals all the way in Seoul, that
you people have to understand that Seoul is only 30 miles away from the DMZ. The DMZ is
literally the demarcation where 2.2 million North Korean soldiers can invade in 30 miles
and there is no army in the world, including the US army, and they know that very, very
well. I've repeatedly went over this with several generals over 30 years and I informed
them that we are nothing more than what we call a trip wire. In other words, US soldiers
being placed here was an unnecessary expense on the behalf of the US public and the American
presidents as a requirement for a trip wire. That meant as soon as the North Koreans would
attack in Seoul, which they never would do, and every South Korean knew that, then there
would be total conflagration. Well, that never happened in 30 years. I knew Kim Il Sung,
I knew how ruthless he was, but he was very smart and he knew my control.
Am I correct in saying this is the greatest saber-rattling escalation and why would the
Chinese play along with the West? I mean, I know at the high levels, I mean, there are
globalists manipulating both sides, but what's the larger game? Why is China playing along?
I mean, we know the shift a few years ago was the ships in the Pacific. The Middle East
has been given to Al-Qaeda. There's to be a domestic crackdown on real Americans here.
That's the new war and then have real confrontations with the Chinese while the globalists have
invested everything in China. Well, let's take away the world globalist,
what we do have here, and let me use another word, Alex, not to contradict you, but basically
what we have in South Korea, unlike North Korea and even China. South Korea is the fastest
growing country in Asia. It is the highest productivity with the lowest number of unemployment
and they have been producing products from Samsung to Hyundai and selling all over the
world. Yeah, it's the new Japan. It's the new Japan,
the most connected. It's beyond the new Japan. It is so strong
and can out-compete Japan. Now let's get to China. The reason we have this confrontation
with China, which we facilitated and we deal directly with China, is the fact that we have
a new leader in China named Xi Pong. Xi Pong is a technocrat and much like Kim Jong-un,
the new leader of North Korea, he is a spoiled, coddled princeling. In other words, in China
you have to remember there was always a one son policy and he's the, so he's like the
baby boomer of the vicious demonic chai koms. We'll be back with Dr. Maciejnic.
In the last two years alone, the US has seen huge losses to our food supply. In 2011, storms
and floods raged across the US, costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone. In 2012, we
saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years. You may think out of sight,
out of mind, and so you don't think you will be affected. The fact is you are. We all are.
Food shortages drive prices up for everyone. You might not be able to control mother nature,
but you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply
with e Foods Direct. Be prepared before you need it with nutrient dense food you can store
for up to 25 years. You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you. Do what I've done
and get your own supply of the best, durable foods out there from e Foods Direct. Call
800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at efoodsdirect.com. And check out their spring specials. Again,
that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at efoodsdirect.com. You can bet your life
on e Foods Direct. In an emergency situation, would you drink contaminated water? You could
if you had the amazing LifeStraw from mypatriotsupply.com. LifeStraw is the most advanced personal water
filter available today. It filters contaminated water from almost any source. LifeStraw is
lightweight and compact, perfect for hiking, camping or in an emergency like a flood. LifeStraw
is easy to clean, comes with a one-year warranty and has been used worldwide since 2005. Get
the amazing LifeStraw personal water filter at mypatriotsupply.com. Plus, check out Survival
Seed Vault, 20 seed varieties for only $37.95, Tatler canning lids, long-term storable foods
as low as $69.95 and much more at mypatriotsupply.com. Enjoy stress-free shipping on all orders over
$49. Call 866-229-0927 or visit mypatriotsupply.com. That's 866-229-0927, mypatriotsupply.com. For
emergency preparedness, self-reliance and food independence.
Is this the year you finally get serious about your family's drinking water? If so, keep
listening for a special offer from Big Berkey Water Filters. Did you know that over 60%
of municipal water is fluoridated? Berkey water filters distinguish themselves from
many other filtration systems with the capability to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine,
fluoride, arsenic and disinfection byproducts from municipal water via the Black Berkey
and PF line of filters. Then there's affordability. At only 1.7 cents per gallon, Berkey water
filters purify treated and untreated water, even stagnant pond water. Stop and think how
much money you could save by simply reducing buying bottled water and using water filtered
by your Berkey water filter. No need to be constantly replacing expensive filters with
a Berkey. A single set of filters can last for 5 to 10 years. Choose the best size Berkey
for your needs at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com. And right now, all GCN listeners get 5% off
all ceramic filter systems. Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY. That's 877-99-BER-KEY or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
Free shipping on every order over $50. Big Berkey Water Filters, for the love of clean
water.
By the way, he's going to be on the DMZ Sunday. That'll be Monday morning on the Sunday show,
4 to 6 p.m. We're going to get Dr. Pachinik on, let's say in the second hour, so that
can be 7 a.m., so you can actually get some sleep. So 6, 7 a.m., that'll be Sunday, 4
to 6 central. He's there. And again, folks, this is what he's done. This is the desk he
was over for a while. He's talked a lot about this. It's well known in the news media that
that's what he did. And he was telling me off air some interesting things. What is the
big picture here, Dr. Steve Pachinik? You're there with this crisis. How real is the crisis?
What does this signify? You were getting into the new Communist Party head there in China.
You agree with me during the break that he is a giant, spoiled communist baby boomer.
What this really signifies is our American inability. Over 30 years, South Korea has
grown because of people like myself and others like Don Gregg, Jim Lindley, who worked here
and really transformed this country from a military dictatorship to a civilian one. What
it also emphasizes is how poor and desperate North Korea is, because we will not absorb,
we the United States and China, will not absorb North Korea and a unification process into
South Korea. And the reason for that is that South Korean poverty and anti-communism, I've
had experience with 30 years ago when I took down the Soviet Union. I took down East Germany
and West Germany. And everybody knows in the U.S. government that if we were to take down
North Korea quickly, the North Korean government, which we are able to do by just not providing
food and forcing the Chinese to break open their borders, we would have a major economic
crisis. So what this is, is a controlled agitation propaganda in order to maintain a soft landing.
Now let me explain this to our American people. The reason we work with the Chinese and the
reason we work with the North Korean, because the American public doesn't realize we're
supplying food in order to keep the people in North Korea at a subsistence level. What's
not possible and what's happening here is the frenzy of the American media and once
again Obama and his inept White House and the ability of secretaries they carry to keep
his mouth shut. They have violated every principle of international crisis management, which
I developed, which others have worked with like Charles Hill and other administrations
and who know that in order to keep a crisis like this from going from escalating by accident,
we keep the media away. We don't discuss military equipment. We don't get into the frenzy and
warmongering of explaining what kind of missile systems the North Korean have, how they can
shoot the missiles into the sky and get into the western part of California. It is not
possible. The North Koreans have absolutely no capacity to develop a missile. They can't
even make an automobile. They can't even. They dropped 57 Chevys around. They're a total
joke. It's a total joke. They have a 2.2 military army and when I saw the equipment, it hasn't
changed. Even now as I analyze the equipment with my guide on the DMZ and I can see these
soldiers on this other side with binoculars. We have 2.2 million soldiers who are really
hungry. They're starving. They don't believe anymore in North Korea, but what South Korea
had done very brilliantly over the years with our encouragement was to create under Hyundai
and Samsung.
Sure, sure. They've used the threat to control their people. Let me throw this at you. Isn't
the real danger when the wall comes down and that if there's not a transition because the
west wants to keep this going?
As always, Alex, you hit it right on the head and we made that mistake. I made that mistake
along with Baker and Zoellick in the transformation in East Germany, what we did not realize at
the time when we brought in communist Germany, which was even more economically advanced
than North Korea. We had completely flooded the capability of the West Germans to handle
50,000 East Germans who didn't have work, didn't have jobs, weren't trained, weren't
trained, and basically lived at a subsistence level. It cost Germany and the United States
a fortune.
Sure, so let's come back in one minute and talk about what's going to happen.
This is GCN, the Genesis Communications Radio Network.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms, but if you don't have a home security
system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When
you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's
a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power, so even if the grid
goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit, or shed. Getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is also
ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a
stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with
you wherever you go. You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting
your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's getsimplisafe.com. Waging
war on corruption. Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. Big Brother. Mainstream media. Government
cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones. It has been said by many a historian that
war is the health of the state. Our authoritarian state, the Chinese authoritarian state, the
North Korean authoritarian state, the South Korean state, they all stand to gain on the
surface from crises, diversions. But with a collapsing hermit kingdom of Stalinist scum,
oppressing and sitting on top of the little skeletons that they've almost sucked dry,
could this all be jockeying for some new deal, for a new level of aid?
Because China doesn't wanna do it. Why not let the North fall, implode into China, really
cause them some problems? No, the globalists don't want that. They wanna use Mexico to
implode into us instead. But could this get out of control? And I think what Pacinek said
to me off air is, they've got a bunch of rubes and boobs, a bunch of pirates, boobies, over
there who don't know what they're doing.
In four minutes, Doc, you're back with us Sunday in the second hour, you'll have more.
You're on the DMZ, if stuff breaks, you wanna stay up, we could do a nightly news tonight.
I'd love to love you to email us some photos of what you're seeing, that'd be powerful.
I'm sure you got a snapshot digital phone. What's the big danger then? Could this be
the North preparing to collapse?
Well, this is partly the North preparing to collapse, but I don't believe that's the real
danger. The real danger is China is in very serious trouble because China cannot control
its internal security. So in turn, China and its relationship with the United States and
the fact that the United States think that correctly is supporting Japan and in the war
between the United States, Japan and China, China's only recourse is to instigate a very
inappropriate agitation of North Korea, claiming that they can send missiles and all. Our best
recourse now is for a secretary of state and a president to cool everybody down, to shut
down and warn CNN and all the media that if they don't stop, cease and desist, to create
education propaganda, which is the first principle of international crisis management. And then
they tell their own military generals to stop talking about missiles and construction of
missiles. And they have the capability to do this and try and handle it in a quiet,
discreet military fashion. I have no problem if two Aegean missile system destroyers are
coming in here. The South Koreans have agreed with me. They have no problem with two stealth
bombers coming in or two stealth fighter fighters, but it has to be kept quiet. The success of
international crisis management in an inappropriate society like Kim Jong-un, whose brain I know
very well and contrary to the media, where they hype it up and said only a psychiatrist
would really understand him. Well, here I am, the psychiatrist who really understands
and then has 30 years of experience, but our government, our media, our intelligence didn't
want to hear anything I had to say. So I go to the only outlet and the only man and friend
that I've had for 20 years who's allowed the truth to come out. And that is for us to tone
down our rhetoric, stop the education propaganda, stop announcing what we're doing. We can quietly
support Ms. Park, who's handling this situation extremely well. And I have to say the South
Korean people, all 30 million of them, very young, a low below the age of 40, are making
fun of us and saying yes. Actually, in the night before I was on a DMZ zone, I had what
we call the last supper where everybody joked. We ate eel, we drank some kampai, and we said,
okay, gentlemen, this is our last supper, when in fact we knew there was nothing that
was to be dangerous. Soul is moving, it's active, it's clean, it's appropriate. The
people are kind, the children are kind. No one is panicked, but they find it disgusting
that the United States government is creating again more crisis, more education in order
to serve the U.S. purpose, the Chinese purpose, and to create another potential war. The danger
of all of this is because our president is so inept, as we've seen in Pakistan, Iraq,
and Syria, and because the White House is an old, antiquated bunch of people who have
no experience whatsoever.
All right, we'll stop there. I want to come back. I've got another guest coming up, Chuck
Baldwin. But Dr. Pachinik, you are a psychiatrist, a Harvard psychiatrist, and you help work
the Camp David Accords. I mean, you're famous for this, hostage negotiation, you name it.
I want you to come back and tell us the danger of hyping this and getting it out of control.
And I want you to briefly give us an analysis of Kim Jong-un, the Chinese leader as well,
and the South Korean leader, and Obama.
Introducing Pro One, all of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
You may be arrested and or subject to other police action. Tyranny is here. The grim future
foretold in 1984 has become reality. It really says that the state is God. The United States
is now recognized globally as one of the most impressive police states on earth. This film
conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps now being expanded nationwide.
Each documentary exposes how the continuity of government program has established an all
powerful shadow state. Police state four chronicles the sickening depth to which our republic
has fallen. Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship, body scanners,
sound cameras, citizen spies, stage terror and cameras on every street corner. It's only
the beginning of the New World Order's hellish plan. The police state isn't coming. It's
here. Secure your copy today at info wars.com or see it online in the highest quality at
prison planet.tv. In the last two years alone, the U.S. has seen huge losses to our food
supply. In 2011, storms and floods raged across the U.S., costing us 20 billion in lost crops
alone. In 2012, we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years. You
may think out of sight, out of mind, and so you don't think you will be affected. The
fact is you are. We all are. Food shortages drive prices up for everyone. You might not
be able to control mother nature, but you can control your food prices by freezing the
cost and availability of your food supply with E Foods Direct. Be prepared before you
need it. With nutrient dense food you can store for up to 25 years. You can hope for
the best, but hope won't feed you. Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best
durable foods out there from E Foods Direct. Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web
at efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex and check out their spring specials. Again, that
number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex. You can bet your life on
E Foods Direct. Big Brother. Mainstream media. Government cover-ups. You want answers? Well,
so does he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network. And now, live from Austin, Texas,
Alex Jones. Alright, again, thank you for joining us here in the second hour of this
Friday edition, the fifth day of April 2013. I'll be back this Sunday, 4 to 6 p.m. Central
with the Sunday show. Many of our AM and FM affiliates that carry the weekday show also
carry the Sunday show, but you really should call XM and get them to pick up the Sunday
show as well. That's how we get on more AM and FM affiliates as well. If you're listening
on the internet or on satellite in your area and there's not a local AM or FM, call the
local talk station, tell them, pick up the broadcast. That's how we've gone. Over 150
affiliates, and we're with a small syndicator. The big three pretty much have a monopoly.
We have salmon swum upstream. And my point is, the White House responds to us, the globalists
respond to us, the globalists respond to the Drudge Report. More and more, there's only
a few outlets that are really able to get real news out. No one would know about the
Copenhagen document that they plan to shut off the Third World energy supplies and our
energy supply if Infowars.com hadn't written about it with Lord Monckton and then DrudgeReport.com
hadn't picked it up.
I mean, there's just hundreds of things like that. No one know about the bullets, the domestic
arms buildup, all of this. And listen to me, you've heard all the historians we've had
on. You've heard all the military historians, all the sociologists, all the anthropologists.
I am a person, because I enjoy it from a young age, I'm a person that's read psychology,
anthropology, sociology, history. And so it's not rocket science, though. What we see forming
worldwide is a decadent cascade event with corrupt, leveraged, disconnected leaders because
of decadent, disconnected populations.
Not predominantly, but enough of it to aid them and a government and corporate class
that have become degenerate. That's when world wars happen. And we've told you that as the
world economy melts down, as there's currency wars, physical wars will begin. You notice
they're now saying they're not gonna call Al Qaeda, Al Qaeda. They're not gonna call
them Islamicist.
We're now told to call them good guys. That's Associated Press today. If you just join me,
I'll go with the article. That's because the globalists are gonna use them as the new proxy
army because they're the old proxy army. And we've got a guy on the line who was there
with Jimmy Carter when all that started, and who knows Brzezinski.
And he's a psychiatrist and an MD. He is an American psychiatrist, former State Department
official, author and publisher. He is currently acclaimed author in psychopolitical thrillers,
and the co-creator of the best selling Tom Clancy op center. And Tom Clancy's Netforce
paperback series, trained in psychiatry at Harvard University International Relations
at MIT.
His novels are based on 20 years experience. And the truth is, he won't ever talk about
it on air. But you can go look at overthrowing major governments. Get it credited to psych
warfare. He won't talk about it. Maybe it's not true. The London Guardian says it is.
Tricking the communists to kill the Prime Minister who they'd already captured. I mean,
things like that. Really interesting guy who only really pops up on this show because other
places would censor him or control what he talks about.
We had him on in the last hour. We've only got about nine minutes left here. But he was
the head of the desk over that area of Asia for a period of time. He helped get rid, I
remember this on record, of the military dictatorship that was in South Korea for so long and a
transition. He's there on his own with a guide given to him by the government up on the DMZ
right now.
I want you briefly to go over the mindset of Kim Jong-un, the mindset of the new Chinese
communist leader. Why Obama and the media are hyping this and why you're saying there's
a danger in the hyping where they're saying nuclear war could happen any minute. The North
is saying they're going to nuke the US. What is behind all this? Dr. Steve Pechenig.
Let me get into the mindset of Kim Jong-un. I know his mindset extremely well. He grew
up in Lake Geneva in Switzerland. He went to the Swiss boarding school. By chance, it
happens that I went to Swiss boarding school when I was kicked out. He was not. He was
a very poor student. He was very shy. He was very inept and really only enjoyed basketball.
The reality is what you have is the classical communist scenario and paradox with the entire
Kim Jong-un family and the entire Kim Jong-il family have for the 15 years lived in Lake
Geneva in prosperity and even Kim Jong-un said to his own father, how is it that I can
live a life of luxury, horseback riding, shooting, skeeting, and playing basketball while white
people are starving? His father just said, don't worry. We will have the money and we'll
always maintain our power structure. The real issue now is can the Korean military control
Korea? The answer is not clear because they take directions exactly from the communist
China. In communist China, Xi Peng, who I have followed for over 20 years, is the son
of the famous revolutionary of the communist party who was indicted in the cultural revolution
and was so-called reformed, but was brought up through the system because of his alliances
with the military and the crony capitalism and the corruption of China. China has been
having problems with the United States and our force structure in Eastern Asia and the
fact that we have moved all of our battleships and our marine course to Eastern Asia to deny
access to the Chinese correctly, to their trading companies, and all to the fact that
they are collapsing internally. So two countries are collapsing internally. China, because
it cannot maintain social stability, it does not have water, it has to get water from the
Tibetan high marks, and the fact that its social economy is totally a false economy
and a runaway economy that's been funded by JP Morgan, Goldman Sachs, and all the hedge
funds including our former Secretary of Treasury Paul Peterson, who knew nothing about banking
at one end too, but has always been a crony capitalist of the Chinese. So what you have
is two very similar princelings who are not qualified to run their government in terms
of the Chinese leader. He's a technocrat, never had diplomatic experience, lived in
the United States, really does not understand how to maintain social stability, like Deng
Chaoping, Jiang Zemin, Zhou Inlai, Lu Caoqi, and all the regional revolutionists. He's
spoiled, he's corrupt, and he has all their families are corrupt. And the same way we
have this corruption and the spoiled Kim Jong-un who grew up in Switzerland, you can't think
of him as a North Korean. You have to think of him as the preppy Swiss boarding school
boy who's shy, inept, has never been in the military, has been forced by his own military
to be the face of Korea because his father felt that his oldest son, Kim Jong-un, was
too feminine, so he needed a stronger face. So what we have is a paper doll, China and
a paper doll, North Korea, all creating an episode because the United States military
has come in and said, we're going to protect our national security interests, our economic
interests, all the way from Indonesia, Vietnam, Philippines, and Japan. The reason for that
is China has engaged in what we call a low-intensity conflict in the Spratly Islands, which I wrote
about 20 years ago in Pacifica, longer handle the internal economy. So when they can no
longer handle the internal economy, they push the Koreans in order to make the kind of noise
in what we call in psychiatry acting out behavior or baby-like behavior. I call Kim Jong-un the
baby in the crib who screams and yells, looks at missiles that really can't fly anywhere,
has no capacity. There's one of the few guys in America who understands this, Charles
Hill, who worked in North Korea, and really what they're doing is we're fostering
that type of reaction so that we can demonstrate how strong our Navy is, how strong our capability
to control the situation. But in fact, what's happening is we're showing the opposite
in the South Korean people and the South Korean army, and intelligence is seeing exactly what
I'm seeing on the DMZ zone. We become a joke. We send over two stealth fighter planes
at 22, which has absolutely no relevance because the North Koreans can never attack South Korea,
otherwise they will be destroyed, 22 million people, and South Seoul is only 30 miles away.
I'm right on the top of that nuclear storm, right on the DMZ, as I'm talking to young
Korean soldiers who, quite frankly, are not prepared to go to war and know under the hearts
of hearts that they will not confront the North Koreans coming over. But once that Kim
Jong-un underneath the Chinese provocation and American ineptness in handling this control
will create a situation where it will be out of control. In the case of his grandfather,
they blew up the South Korean presidential platform. In the case of his father, they
also blew up ships. So what happens in a certain crisis can get blown out very quickly, number
one, because we don't have a president who really is qualified to run-
Well, that was my final point, is that you've got special crony capitalist interests that
want to work with authoritarian regimes, as Carol Quigley wrote at Georgetown. They want
weak people reading off teleprompters, so now there's no leadership anywhere. It's like
an absurdist science fiction Kurt Vonnegut novel where some kid from Switzerland is commanding
a bunch of psychopaths, vampires. You've got China on the edge of collapse. You've got
insanity here. You've got crony interests shutting down all their competition. I mean,
it looks like a civilization collapse type event down the road with this type of lunacy.
And then building up North Korea to the South Koreans looks completely insane because they
know what jokes they are. I mean, this is Alice in Wonderland.
That's correct. It's more than Alice in Wonderland. It's Alice in Wonderland on steroids and LSD.
It's a total non-reality because in talking to all the South Korean students, workers,
and military, they can't take this seriously. So what we considered the day of the war that
Kim Jong Il declared the end of the world yesterday, I went out with some of my South
Korean military friends and intelligence operators, and we had our last separate consisting of
veal, diet coke, and rice. And we all laughed, showing how incompetent the leader of Kim
Jong Il was, the leader of China, and also POTUS.
I guess it will be your last meal with diet coke with the aspartame.
We were sending over two stealth bombers, which cost us close to 500 million to a billion.
They laughed when they said we sent two Aegean missile ships, which can do absolutely nothing.
So our posturing is like a paper tiger, which China was like, and we can do nothing in the
entire situation.
All right, well, Doc, Doc, Doc.
And the South Koreans have complained to me as we have created agitation propaganda in
the news media.
All right, Doc, we got to go to break. I got to come back with one more segment with you
because I got to find out, what do you expect to see come out of this? What is the danger
then if it's all just posturing?
Final segment from the DMZ with Dr. Steve Puchenik.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your
arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe.
It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit, or shed.
Getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no
need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
Introducing a 30-day emergency food supply for only $99.
At 30dayfoodsupply.com, you can purchase Oregon Trail Foods' one-month supply of high-quality,
nutritious, and healthy emergency meals for less than $100.
These vegetarian meals are natural, high in carbs and protein, and are packed with oxygen
absorbers and mylar pouches.
They take up to 70% less space than number 10 cans, have a 20-year shelf life, and huge
portions.
They cover twice the serving size of some competitors' meals.
Oregon Trail Foods and 30dayfoodsupply.com keep prices low by buying direct from producers
in Oregon, and then pass the savings on to you.
Purchase a 30-day, 90-serving emergency food supply for only $99 this month, and $10 ships
your entire order to the lower 48.
Call 541-673-6666 or visit 30dayfoodsupply.com, where they make preparedness affordable.
30dayfoodsupply.com, got it, get it, go to 30dayfoodsupply.com.
Ceramic body armor is rated to stop six hits, but what about the seventh?
Unlike ceramic or Kevlar, Infidel body armor is proven to take hit after hit, and it just
won't quit.
Reasonably priced and designed for the smart civilian prepper, Infidel stops hundreds
of hits from small arms to high-powered rifles.
That means safety and peace of mind.
Buy yours at infidelbodyarmor.com, spelled I-N-F-I-D-E-L, body armor dot com.
Infidel body armor just won't quit.
We the people grow cotton, wheat fabric, engrave ink, embed strips and fibers to protect from
counterfeit, then carting to a private bank, having it led back at interest, forcing taxes
to service debt.
This capitalism, or was Jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing the public
currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than a standing army?
Hi, Ted Anderson, I'm placing a free silver dollar in a book that explains our monetary
system.
Just copy.
800-686-2237.
It's time to understand the system.
Call 800-686-2237, that's 800-686-2237.
Digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins.
That bears repeating.
Digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins, and Pro-EM-1 daily
probiotic cleanse is the key to digestive health.
Pro-EM-1 is a powerful liquid probiotic, strong enough to cleanse, gentle enough to use every
day.
Pro-EM-1 is dairy, wheat, and soy free, contains all natural and certified organic ingredients,
contains no preservatives or animal products, supports a healthy digestive and immune system,
supports weight loss, improves absorption of food nutrients, aids in controlling yeast
infections, is never freeze dried, and uses three groups of live, viable beneficial microbes
to cleanse and remove toxins.
Order Pro-EM-1 daily probiotic cleanse at teraganix.com, spelled T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X.com.
Or call toll free, 866-369-3678.
That's 866-369-3678.
Pro-EM-1, the raw probiotic.
All right, final segment with Dr. Steve Pochinik, he'll be back Sunday with us in the second
hour of the Sunday broadcast.
I've got Mr. O'Keefe of the Veritas Project coming on, who went to the Hollywood Hills
home of Piers Morgan, who has a armed response signs up saying he has armed guards.
The hypocrisy of the so-called ruling class wanting us, their quarry, disarmed.
Dr. Pochinik, sum it all up for people.
You told me during the break what the real danger is that Korea will implode, North Korea
will implode North and South into China and into South Korea and trigger World War III.
In your own words, repeat that and talk about what the establishment is doing and why you
think it's so dangerous.
What's going to happen now is because of this predictable, everyone in the media says that
these North Koreans are crazy and unpredictable.
The answer is no.
They have been extremely predictable, including Kim Il-Sung, Kim Jong-Il, and Kim Jong-Un,
the little princely.
We know exactly their behavior better.
We know exactly how they work.
We know that every time they act out, we can control it.
But in order to control it, we need a very effective President of the United States,
an effective Secretary of State, which Kerry is not, an effective intelligence community,
which we do not have, and a military that's not gung ho and understands the limits of
the capability.
The limits of the capability is that very simply that if North Korea attacks South Korea,
which is not likely through Seoul because we're only 30 miles away, if they act out
in any way that we cannot manage because of the hype that we have created through CNN,
Wolf Blitzer, Zechariah, and Ammanipur, and other generals in the U.S. Army who should
be shut down and indicted for creating education propaganda, we could have literally an implosion
of North Korean poverty, scurrying over into South Korea, and then have a major collapse
of both North Korea and South Korea, but more importantly of China, because the North Koreans
are so poor that they're screaming over the border of China.
So we have an incompetent Xi Pong, who's a technocrat, a princeling, and a spoiled
Chinese technocrat, very much like Kim Jong-In, who's a spoiled Switzerland-trained leader
who has been hoarded by every intelligence community in the world, including the French,
the Swiss, the Americans, the Germans, the Russians, you name them, because in 15 years,
if you're in a Swiss boarding school, and you're playing basketball, and you're
not very smart, and you're quite a famine, and you don't know how to deal with women,
you certainly don't know how to manage a country.
So we're coming into, very quickly, thanks to our American media and the frenzy of American
media, the frenzy of the military, particularly the Navy, to say that we're bringing in
the GNCs, that we will send in stealth bombers, does not do anything to control or quiet the
temper of a crisis, which is the principles of crisis management that I created 30 years
ago, and very sagacious people like Don Gregg, Jim Lilly, and others who had worked in the
CIA, and our ambassadors here understood that you keep the agitation and the warmongering
to the lowest flame.
What we're doing now is increasing the flames, thanks to CNN, thanks to our military and
our Navy, thanks to the ignorance of the White House, the ineptness of our president, the
ineptness of the Chinese, and the ineptness of the North Korea.
We could literally land in World War III with not only nuclear proliferation, but there
is gas warfare, and the ability that we would never thought possible of the North Koreans
to come into South Korea, because Seoul, where I am located, I'm only 10 kilometers away
from North Korea, and I can see the North Koreans right now.
I see Kim Il-sung's stations, I see the mobilization of their troops, but at the same time, the
young troops in South Korea are not qualified to fight into an army that has only three
days of petroleum, lubricant, and oil, so what we have here is an impending crisis that's
totally mismanaged.
Well, isn't that 101, that you don't build up the enemy as super dangerous and powerful?
They should be laughing at Kim Jong-un, calling him pathetic and weak, and he can't even get
a-
That's what's happening in South Korea.
Excuse me, Alex.
Everybody here is laughing.
We're talking about it, and we're saying how absurd North Korea is.
We have absolutely no regard for G-Pong, and we find him very inept, as the Chinese students
should start rioting in China to say this is not the leader of China.
But more importantly, we find it very disgraceful what America is doing by announcing they're
sending two stealth bombers, one Chinese, one South Korean official said to me, how
stupid can you Americans be to send billions of dollars worth of two planes that will do
absolutely nothing, Asian missile systems that will do nothing because it cannot protect
from a nuclear war, and all it is is a posture of a tiger will become where we're creating
a situation where we show our weakness, we show our incompetence, we show our lack of
capability to handle this situation, which has literally landed into World War III, but
we know everything about Kim Jong-un.
All right, we're going to get an update, Doc, we've got to get a break, we're going to come
back with our next guest, we're going to get an update, a very serious situation Sunday.
His website, stevepachinik.com.
I'm Alex Jones with m4wars.com.
We're on the march.
The empire's on the run.
Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health.
At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection of
silver based products.
Our most popular silver based products are the 32 ounce nano silver solutions, our two
ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well as our all natural silver soaps.
Just released is our 100% natural silver gel.
Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and
leave the silver at the surface, but rather we have formulated our silver gel using the
natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the
skin while delivering the silver more effectively.
Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver based products
are best for you.
That's www.silverlungs.com.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold and weapons.
But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria,
viruses, moles and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long term shelf life, making it
the number one choice of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to www.supernaturalsilver.com.
Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your
arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out Simply Safe.
It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to www.getsimplysafe.com.
Simply Safe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you are protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit or shed.
www.getsimplysafe.com.
Simply Safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no
need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but Simply Safe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's www.getsimplysafe.com.
Rallying patriots worldwide in defense of human liberty, it's Alex Jones.
You have found it, the tip of the spear in the fight for human liberty.
It doesn't even mean I do that good of a job, but I do the best I can and God knows that.
I love liberty.
I love justice.
I get hurt by tyranny, and I'm going to tell a story about that here in a moment and go
to Pastor Chuck Baldwin.
He's going to be riding shotgun with us into the next hour with Dr. Greg Dixon to talk
about the takeover of the church in this country and how they're openly going along with the
persecution of veterans, gun owners, all of it.
My only gift, I think, is to recognize things hidden in plain view.
Like if I walked into my living room and there was a 1,000 pound elephant sitting there,
a 10,000 pound elephant, I would recognize it as an elephant.
If Barbara Walters told me it wasn't an elephant, I would tell her she was a liar.
Now that's called being a conspiracy theorist, but we're going to be talking to Chuck Baldwin,
Pastor Baldwin, former Constitution Party presidential candidate, of course, and someone
demonized as very evil along with Ron Paul and myself by Homeland Security.
But first off, this whole North Korea thing will probably blow over.
But it shows how it's the greatest rhetoric since that war ended more than 50 years ago.
And you notice they're putting al-Qaeda in in the Middle East, and the AP says, don't
call them al-Qaeda, don't even call them Islamicists, they're good guys.
The CFR says, quote, we need al-Qaeda, the new enemy is the American people.
I mean, this is Earth shaking off the charts, congressional investigation, freaking out,
my gosh, they wanna use Homeland Security as a coup d'etat against America.
I mean, that's what it is.
Instead it's like, yeah, now we fight returning veterans, take all their guns and take their
kids.
I mean, this is Civil War stuff, but despite all that, we need to just pray, move forward,
speak out, and resist.
Because you wouldn't have the White House demonizing alternative media, attacking Drudge,
saying they're causing us problems when we're on Drudge every week, attacking us as well.
If we didn't have power.
And when I say, hey, there's not many of us actually fighting, that's saying, hey, join
us.
Look, we're only few that are actually prominent, but we are hundreds of millions worldwide
that know about liberty.
If we just speak out, the enemy can be defeated.
There are different forces in the world, it's not just evil.
And we just give the world over to evil.
The truth is, folks, I've confronted the New World Order over and over again.
And because I don't have fear, I only have fear of them winning, I only have fear of
my weakness and my failure and my dirty rags that are my best works.
But my spirit, I mean, when I see Christians having their children taken for no reason,
or I see people having their kids taken for not taking vaccines when there's no law, I
sit there and go to bed early and I don't wanna call it depressed, they'll come take
my guns.
I mean, I feel it, and people are like, that's wimpy, don't care about other people.
It's because I am strong, ladies and gentlemen, that I burn with something beyond hatred or
even love, total commitment against these people.
And just the anger that my flesh is so weak, it can't work 18 hours a day, every day.
And that I cannot express to you the things I've researched and I know, but I know you
know in your heart what's happening.
And just the evil, the acceptance of abortion, and now forced inoculations, and now veterans
having their kids taken for no reason.
It's not just your guns and they're saying, I've got Geithner articles where they already
started taking government pension funds.
You fools that serve this, we're gonna go to Pastor Baldwin.
I wanna just remind you that while all this is happening, our bodies being strong is key
and supporting info wars is key.
And we've assembled the very best vitamins, minerals, really miraculous stuff like Beyond
Tangy Tangerine, Polymers Plus, and almost 400 other products discounted at infowarshealth.com.
That's infowarshealth.com.
And this is the infowarshealth.com challenge.
I am challenging listeners to get healthy in the face of the new world order in the
month of April.
I'm challenging all of there.
So again, go to infowarshealth.com.
And I'm challenging listeners to go to infowarshealth.com and sign up and try the great products like
Beyond Tangy Tangerine, the Alex Pack, the Healthy Start Pack, Polymers Plus, Root Beer
Belly, Probiotic, Cell Shield, RT Cube, all of it, the best turmeric root.
It's all up there, infowarshealth.com or give our team a call at 888-789-9277, 888-789-9277.
Get healthy, get in shape.
Spring has sprung and summer is around the corner, get ready, not just for swimsuit season.
It's not about that.
It's about getting yourself healthy, your mind focused.
They feed us garbage for a reason.
Help us go to the next level also by purchasing the longevity products at infowarshealth.com.
It is absolutely essential.
Read the big research institute, Clemson University, on the health effects of some of the products
up there on the site.
See the informational videos and more, infowarshealth.com or 888-789-9277.
Get the high quality ProPure water filtration systems at infowarstore.com, the lowest prices
with promo code WATER and spread the word about the broadcast and support our local
sponsors because think of the launch pad we are for all the other activists and researchers
and people here on this show.
When you get the ProPure water filters from us, you already get the lowest price with
promo code WATER and you support the war against the tyrants.
We're not funded by the globalist.
We're funded by people like you, and so support pro second amendment organizations.
Support everybody.
Liberty doesn't have a lobby, okay?
We don't have one.
We don't have a real lobby.
Foreign banks do.
They've taken us over.
We are the lobby for liberty.
All right, shifting gears now, I wanted to get Pastor Chuck Baldwin on last week when
I saw this article.
Franklin Graham on the wrong side of the Bible in history, he's come out calling for a massive
restriction of the second amendment.
The official Catholic newspaper, we're gonna show that, has come out and said, quote, repeal
the second amendment.
You've got every denomination I know of.
I can't go to a church, a Baptist church, a Pentecostal church, a Bible church without
hearing government worship.
And I for one have had enough, okay?
And he wrote the book Romans 13, the true meaning of submission.
We also sell that in infowarsstore.com.
Great book to give to your pastors.
But they're under 501 C3 government funding.
But now they're coming out after the guns.
We've got to go after them.
And I wanted to ask Pastor Baldwin biblically, he doesn't really need an introduction here
on this broadcast.
He's a radio talk show host, syndicated columnist, of course, been a pastor many years in Florida.
Now he's out in the mountain area building a remnant community out there, staunch defender
of the Bill of Rights Constitution, ChuckBaldwinLive.com.
I wanted to ask him in this great time of evil, what do we do?
What does he think we should do?
Because there is a purge against constitutional rights, it's begun.
And as every other authoritarian regime, it starts quietly.
A lot of times the arrest for petty made up stuff starts and no one even covers it and
no one recognizes it until it just becomes overwhelming or the dictatorship collapses.
So Pastor Baldwin, thank you so much for coming on with us.
Hey, great to be with you, Alex.
Thank you very much.
Well, you just heard that seven minute intro there while I was talking about all this.
Where do you wanna start first?
I mean, it's like the dam broke, the hedge is being lifted, evil is flooding in, and
the preachers are all bought off.
Yeah, unfortunately, the 501 C3 tax exempt status has made slaves out of most pastors
and churches.
They fear the IRS, they fear the loss of their tax exempt status.
And so when they get into the pulpits, they are afraid to discuss anything that might
be controversial.
Plus, let's not forget this, there's a lot of people out there in the congregations that
are very weak, very wishy washy.
They do not wanna hear the hard issues.
A lot of pastors are deathly afraid of offending their own congregations and they're afraid
of losing the tithes and offerings of people.
They're afraid of the controversy that may erupt inside the congregation.
That combination has completely neutered the pulpits of America.
And you're right, the churches and the pastors of America are literally contributing to the
decline of our liberties here in this country today.
It's now come out that the official communist Chinese government is advising Obama on gun
policy.
If you just tuned in, folks, just the People's Daily repeatedly, it's been national news
a few months ago.
They are now demanding every Hollywood film be put by them.
No form of communism or authoritarianism can even be shown.
Forget criticizing Communist China, nothing can be shown.
We're now not just run by the New World Order here.
The communist Chinese that own our debt are occupying us.
And the reason I bring that up is, look at this, the preachers are afraid to say anything
that offends.
So now they're banning Lego toys of Jabba the Hutt because some Muslims said it was
supposed to be a Muslim just out of the clear blue sky.
Political correctness is political control.
The Soviet Union called it political correctness.
And so now the preachers are like, I don't wanna offend anyone.
That's then used as a weapon to where now they can't even teach marriage.
They won't even criticize abortion because it might offend someone.
Now they're taking the crosses out of churches all over America.
I know you know about that initiative.
I mean, this is it.
Do you agree the takeover is now happening?
Oh, there's no question.
I think it's been happening, Alex.
Back years ago when I was running for president in 2008, I was going around the country and
talking to pastors and I couldn't tell you how many of them would say, well, we believe
in what you stand for and we know that you're speaking the truth and we know that we need
change and blah, blah, blah.
After all, we're 501c3 and we can't get involved and so we'll just pray for you.
So again, that 501c3 tax exempt status has been the tool that Lyndon Johnson first created
back in the 1950s that he knew what would happen.
He knew it would neuter and control the pastors and churches.
That's exactly what it's done.
And now when you get guys like Franklin Graham and Richard Land, who by the way is a member
of the CFR, as you know, coming out saying that they support Barack Obama's gun control
initiatives, especially the universal background check.
It shows the power that the government has over many of these evangelical leaders.
By the way, Alex, that's why my son Tim and I have written a brand new book called To
Keep or Not To Keep, Why Christians Should Not Give Up Their Guns.
It's a brand new book.
It's just about to be released from the printer.
I wanna carry it.
And I wanna carry it because we carry your book on Romans 13.
Absolutely.
Very exciting.
This is gonna be a blockbuster because we go into the New Testament, the Old Testament,
the entire scripture, and we prove conclusively that nowhere does the Bible teach that Christians
should surrender their guns to any would-be tyrant.
We go into in depth.
It's a blockbuster book.
There's nothing like it in print.
And when Christians get a hold of this, and even non-Christians, they're going to realize
that natural law, biblical law, revealed law is on the side of the Second Amendment.
And so this is gonna be a book that's really gonna help people understand the issue.
And somebody needs to send a copy to Franklin Graham, by the way.
We're gonna talk about that coming up here in a moment.
But I'm sure you're familiar with it, but I followed it.
But I talk to vets every day who've had a leg blown off or something.
They get them to say they're depressed, and they take their child, even though their wife
is fine.
They're not just taking veterans' guns now.
They're also taking their children.
And then you see cases where anti-government parents, engineers with no criminal record,
Air Force veteran, they took their kids, yeah, from the government that had had them for
a year.
And then they demonize infoawars.com cuz he got a sticker at his house in Florida.
And I mean, are they gonna come grab my kids and say I'm anti-government?
It's like, well, there go your kids to a reeducation camp.
I mean, they're just hiding this pure authoritarianism in plain view.
And every TV show now demonizes Christians, demonizes pro-lifers, demonizes gun owners.
I mean, it's like The Running Man or something.
You turn on any show, and they're demonizing patriots and saying we're terrorists.
I mean, this is Twilight Zone level.
Yeah, it is.
And what's amazing to me relative to the way you've started the discussion here with pastors
is, do these pastors really think that by them sitting back and not speaking up and
not taking a stand, that they're going to be spared?
Do they really think that they're going to be overlooked?
I think this is very comparable to the Nazi Germany period of history, when there were
some 14,000 evangelical churches in Germany at the time.
And of the 14,000 evangelical churches in Nazi Germany, it was becoming Nazi Germany,
only 800 resisted Adolf Hitler.
That's about 5%.
Now think about it, Alex, if 25% had have resisted Hitler, if 50% had have resisted
Hitler, the entire history of the world would have been changed.
But because the pastor said and did nothing, Hitler was allowed to seize control of the
government and then the country and enact all these-
And 20 million, they were like 75 million, Germany counting 2 million soldiers lost 20
million people.
Talk about a judgment, talk about doing nothing, and it's the same story over and over.
And authoritarians every time come after Christians, that's the point, is that you're never gonna
do enough for them.
Exactly, exactly my point.
And that's what the preachers don't understand, they think that by remaining neutral and trying
to maintain politically correct messages, etc., that they are somehow gonna be spared
any of this.
They're in denial, actually.
Well, it's also a cop-out, they go, we're trying to win souls.
Yeah, we know the evil's taken over.
I went to a big church this weekend with Dave Mustaine when he was in town, pretty good
sermon overall, I liked the preacher.
But I saw the assistant preacher and stuff looking at us like scared, like, my gosh,
there's Alex Jones, man, that guy's trouble.
And I didn't do anything or say anything, I just went and checked out that church cuz
my wife likes it.
But my point is, is that I've friends and family that go to Baptist churches, they get
letters going, don't even talk about politics at church dinners.
I mean, this is the Soviet Union.
And as you know, Thomas Jefferson didn't even say religion shouldn't be involved in things.
It said government cannot be involved in religion.
As the First Amendment states, Congress shall make no law respecting the establishment of
religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.
But they've taken separation of church and state and made a debate about does it exist
or not, when it never even meant that.
It meant the government has no jurisdiction, but they trick people into 501c3.
They stop being a church and become a charity.
Yeah, that's exactly right, that's exactly right.
They're not a church, they are a government corporation.
The pastor is not a pastor, he is a corporate officer, same with the deacons, the elders.
They are viewed as corporate officers of the state.
And I really believe, and this is kind of harsh for me to say, but I mean, I've been
in the heart of this battle for so long and I really believe I'm about to tell you, Alex.
I really believe that at the heart of the problem, our pastors and churches today are
state worshippers.
They are.
I really believe that.
They do not worship the king of the universe, the king of kings and Lord of lords.
They pretend that they do, they sing songs, they have praise services.
They have worship services, they talk about Jesus, they preach the gospel, etc.
But every time when push comes to shove and you gotta make a decision, government is going
to be the one that you side with.
That's right, who you serve is who you obey.
Exactly right, exactly right.
And who you give preference and who you give loyalty to and who you give sovereignty to.
And what's happened in our churches today is that they have fallen for this erroneous
Romans 13 interpretation that Tim and I wrote about and you sell the book on your show and
so many of your listeners and readers have purchased it.
That Romans 13 misinterpretation has propagandized the church, indoctrinated the church to the
point that they're no longer able to properly analyze government from a biblical point of
view.
Hitler's most quoted passage in his radio addresses, do what I say Romans 13, do what
I say Romans 13.
We're going to talk about that but first the gun grabbing, you'll be with us into the next
hour with a pastor Greg Dixon who was not 501 C3 and so they seized the biggest church
in America.
Stay with us.
In the last two years alone, the US has seen huge losses to our food supply.
In 2011, storms and floods raged across the US costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone.
In 2012, we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years.
You may think out of sight, out of mind and so you don't think you will be affected.
The fact is you are, we all are.
Food shortages drive prices up for everyone.
You might not be able to control mother nature but you can control your food prices by freezing
the cost and availability of your food supply with e Foods Direct.
Be prepared before you need it.
With nutrient dense food you can store for up to 25 years.
You can hope for the best but hope won't feed you.
Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best durable foods out there from e
Foods Direct.
Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex and
check out their spring specials.
Again that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex.
You can bet your life on e Foods Direct.
The coming financial collapse is real.
The subsequent social unrest will happen.
Even if you made it out of suburbia alive, where would you take your family?
Act now to secure your survival retreat in the American Redoubt with the experts at survivalretreatconsulting.com.
The American Redoubt is the designated safe haven for all liberty minded patriots relocating
to Idaho, Montana and Wyoming.
Get eyes, ears and boots on the ground.
Get professional, confidential, discreet advice.
Get survivalretreatconsulting.com.
Call 208-627-2855.
Save time, money and stress while you secure your ultimate survival retreat property now
before it's too late.
Water, energy, food, defense.
Survival retreat consulting dot com.
Survival retreat consulting dot com.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold and weapons.
But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria,
viruses, moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural silver has over 500 different uses and a long term shelf life, making it
the number one choice of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com.
Use the promo code prepared for 20 percent off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
The people running things are not liberals, they're authoritarians calling themselves
liberal.
Here's stories up at Infowars.com right now.
Canadian woman arrested for Instagram photo of graffiti.
Unbelievable.
It's just a photo of somebody shot of graffiti.
Gonna arrest Sylvester Stallone for his movies?
You know, only individuals.
They're getting us used to being disappeared.
Confirmed.
This is big breaking news.
We already knew that they were keeping secret the drugs he was on, but now confirmed Holmes
was on psychotropic drugs.
Oh, really?
Think so?
Infowars.com, prisonplanet.com.
They fought for that not to come out, just like Adam Lanza.
Get that out to everybody.
University lockdown caused by zombie game, Nerf gun.
Oh, yeah, orange, pink guns, police gun, bubblegums, police guns.
Obama, I am constrained by the system our founders put in place, but he's not.
He's running over it.
That's just some of the news right now up at Infowars.com.
Parents who took kids back from CPS demonizes anti-government.
By the way, speaking of his book, it's available up at the website, infowarsstore.com, Romans
13, the true meaning of submission.
And we're also carrying the film that I produced, Strategic Relocation, A Noble Lie, Exposing
False Flag Terror, and After the Tribulation.
And I wanna ask Pastor Baldwin his view on that because I just see the whole thing as
a cop-out, whether it's pre, mid, post, whatever.
But I always hear, well, it's the end of the world anyway, so why fight evil?
Why not go out and warn people then?
I think God's gonna say he didn't know you, but this is a short segment.
We're gonna have you with us into the next hour on Pastor Dixon, who was persecuted,
biggest Baptist church, the biggest church in the country, period, because he wouldn't
be under government control, thought I was in America.
But get into Franklin Graham, your article, the Southern Baptist Convention coming out
and saying, get rid of the Second Amendment.
I mean, this is incredible.
Yeah, absolutely.
I think it's imperative that Christians and non-Christians alike understand that this
is a very, very serious attempt to dismantle the Second Amendment.
And unfortunately, we have many evangelical leaders such as Franklin Graham, Richard Land,
and many others, who have taken the position that the state is always right, and that you
never resist, you never question the state.
And if the state says that you are to register your guns, then you're supposed to register
your guns.
If a universal background check, then so be it.
As we know, the FEMA camps have been, I'm excused, the FEMA has been instructing pastors
for many years and schooling them in when the president declares a national emergency,
asking the pastors to instruct the congregations to surrender their firearms.
This has been going on for years.
You've been reporting on this for years.
So have I.
And by the way, four years before it was declassified, we broke it with Pastor Butch Paul, yourself
and others here on Genesis, and we broke it nationally.
But people couldn't believe hundreds of pages of training manual.
They found out the pastor went and threatened him, kicked him out of the hospital where
he did free ministry for people.
And it gets worse.
There's the red light, FEMA training to take guns and have pastors prepared for it.
They're planning to come for the guns.
This is like catching, you know, the Nazis, you know, infiltrating the White House or
the Chi Coms.
I mean, this shows the authoritarian creeping nature that they're waiting for these shootings,
which a lot of them they're staging.
Yeah, whether they're staged or not, the result is the same.
They're using the opportunity to come after the people's guns.
And this is where I think that the book that Tim and I have written is so important, Alex.
Seeing Christians that nowhere does the Bible teach that they are supposed to surrender
their guns.
And even in the Garden of Gethsemane, when Jesus said to Simon Peter, put up thy sword,
they that live by the sword die by the sword.
That has been misinterpreted so much by Christians through the years.
It has nothing to do with surrendering your guns.
In fact, Simon Peter kept his sword, put it in a scabbard.
Jesus protected him.
The power of his voice knocked over the soldiers that came to arrest them.
Simon Peter and the other disciple that was armed walked out of the Garden of Eden with
their arm.
By the way, it was against Roman law for them to carry a Roman sword.
Absolutely.
They were slaves.
They were captured.
Stay there.
You are listening to GCN.
Visit GCNlive.com today.
In the last two years alone, the U.S. has seen huge losses to our food supply.
In 2011, storms and floods raged across the U.S., costing us $20 billion in lost crops
alone.
In 2012, we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years.
You may think out of sight, out of mind, and so you don't think you will be affected.
The fact is you are.
We all are.
Food shortages drive prices up for everyone.
You might not be able to control mother nature, but you can control your food prices by freezing
the cost and availability of your food supply with e Foods Direct.
Be prepared before you need it.
With nutrient-dense food you can store for up to 25 years.
You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you.
Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best, durable foods out there from
e Foods Direct.
Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at efoodsdirect.com.
And check out their spring specials.
Again, that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at efoodsdirect.com.
You can bet your life on e Foods Direct.
Waging war on corruption.
Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups.
You want answers?
Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
All right, he's with us for another 30 minutes.
He'll be riding shotgun with Dr. Greg Dixon and we're going to tell that story of a church
now many years ago, was it 12 years ago, that their employees even paid taxes, paid the
withholding, all that.
The church said, we're not going to handle money, we're not indentured servants, we don't
have to do this, we're not under the government, we don't want your 501c3.
And they came and stole their church and arrested everybody.
And that's Soviet Union, ladies and gentlemen.
That's why the churches have all rolled over and said, we'll push abortion, we'll say turn
the guns in.
Billy Graham's son is out there saying you don't need guns.
It is so demonic.
And I can't wait to read your new book if it's anything like Romans 13 full of all the
quotes to give to these preachers.
They already know the truth.
But again, they don't really want to be preachers.
They want to be married to the state.
They are high priest of the state run churches.
Let's go back to Chuck Baldwin, Chuck, you were trying to get into Romans 13.
What should we be saying to Franklin Graham and the rest of these people that say, turn
your guns in?
The big Catholic newspaper said, quote, repeal the Second Amendment.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What are they going to do with the words of Jesus when he told the disciples that if they
needed to sell their clothes, whatever they had to do, go buy a sword?
What are they going to do with that?
What are they going to do with the fact that Jesus of the New Testament is Jehovah of the
Old Testament?
And we have the command of God in the Old Testament of many of the deliverers of Israel
to arm themselves and to defend and to conquer.
God never told his people to lay down.
No, never.
They always resisted.
If you were going to take out of the Bible all of the stories of resistance, you would
reduce the Bible by probably 60 or 65%.
Many of the great stories that we revere as Christians in the word of God, both Old and
New Testaments, have to do with resisting civil authority, all the way from Daniel-
That's right.
The authorities are always resisted and always put in the, but the love stuff, turn the other
cheek is with your family, with people around you trying to work things out.
That's where a correct pastor, we see the turning the other cheek, not letting people
set you up.
Go ahead.
Well, yeah, and all this is covered in our book, To Keep or Not To Keep, why Christians
should not give up their guns.
We go into all these passages of scripture and we deal with them individually, one by
one, and we show that it does not teach submission to tyranny, that just the opposite is taught.
There is a revealed and natural law given by God for self-defense.
That is an inalienable right- Weapons everywhere, restrain evil, as Thomas
Jefferson said.
It is a biblical principle.
It is a natural law principle.
It's founded and grounded in the word of God and the presets of scripture.
And for Christians to take the tack that government is God, and that we are to do whatever government
says regardless of how scriptural or unscriptural might be, is idolatry.
I mean, let's call it what it is, Alex, it's idolatry.
It is the worship of the state.
And what I'm concerned about is that there are many pastors and Christians out there
that really aren't maybe in their hearts understanding what they're doing.
But they've been taught this so long and so often that they just think that's the only
accepted theology.
They've never been taught anything else.
That's why in 1775 and 76, Jonas Clark had instructed his congregants at the Church of
Lexington for years before the events of April 19, 1775 on Lexington Green, which took place
right in front of the church house where those men worshiped every Sunday.
And so whenever that day came and they marched on Concord to seize the arms, they were able
to stand in front of them, those minutemen that were mainly the church congregation of
the Church of Lexington, Pastor Jonas Clark, they were able to do that because the pastor
had taught them the principles of liberty for many, many, many years.
Well, most of the militias were led by the preachers.
That's why the King of England said, damn these black brigades.
That's right.
And when we have a quote, we've resurrected the black regiment on my website at ChuckBaldwinLive.com.
If you're looking for a black regiment church, you might find one there.
Absolutely.
We'll be right back.
Resurrecting the black regiment.
Stay with us.
We have a question coming up.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning
needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold and weapons.
But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria,
viruses, moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long term shelf life, making it
the number one choice of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com.
Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
A little over a year ago, I began to do a lot of research into why even if I had a pretty
good sized meal that I was still starving.
And my research led me to a well known fact that most of the soils that we grow our crops
on here in the United States and across the industrialized world are almost completely
depleted of almost all of the key minerals and trace elements that our bodies need to
rebuild themselves, fight off cancer and be healthy.
I then searched out the best vitamin and mineral company out there and discovered Young Jevity.
The Young Jevity products are designed to give you the real nutrition you need.
And once you've got that, you don't have to eat as much to be satisfied.
I've lost 37 pounds in two months simply getting the vitamins and minerals I need.
Check it out for yourself.
It's incredible.
Go to info wars team.com today and order your first canister of beyond tangy tangerine complete
multivitamin mineral complex dietary supplement.
That's info wars team.com crashing through the lies and disinformation.
That's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network.
All right, if you just joined us, ladies and gentlemen, there is undoubted persecution
against Christians, libertarians, conservatives, anti-abortion people, pro-lifers, pro-second
amendment groups.
We get countless calls on air, I see it in the news, all I do is read news all day, where
they'll say, yeah, a man arrested for his bumper sticker, pro-life bumper sticker.
And you're like, that's gotta be a joke.
Or family went to anti-government rally, children taken, or anti-government people wouldn't
give kids vaccines, children taken.
There is no law to take the vaccines.
But the family courts aren't real courts, they're so devilish.
They were set up as a race sterilization operation in 1910 in New York.
See, I know the whole history of it.
We were like, well, the judge said we didn't give them the shots, so they took the kids.
And they just eyeball, they think you're ignorant, and you don't know how to fight back.
They go, sign this, you'll get your kids back.
When you sign it, you're admitting you're bad, and then through fraud, they go, I've
got the confession.
I mean, these are authoritarian criminals all over the place.
And look, if you're good cops out there, and you're getting mad hearing this, well, you're
guilty.
Because I'm not talking about you, the system is corrupt.
There's no doubt some jurisdictions are better, haven't been totally taken over, but this
country is evil.
This country has rationalized and rationalized.
Now, I wanna read to you the, in fact, will you guys pull up the First Amendment online
for me?
I need to have my pocket Constitution, it's normally in here, somebody picked it up.
All orders of books and videos get a free pocket Constitution.
First Amendment starts with, Congress shall make no law respecting the establishment of
religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.
And then it goes on, or freedom of the press, freedom of assembly, or the right to assemble
the redress of grievances.
But there it is, Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or
prohibiting the free exercise thereof, or abridging the freedom of speech, or the press,
or the right of the people to peaceably assemble and to petition the government for redress
of grievance.
Okay, now, you never heard it was Congress shall make no law respecting the establishment
of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.
This country, my dad's family goes back to the Mayflower, this is very rare, by the way.
It's 200 plus thousand Americans that are living, had somebody on the Mayflower.
My mother had two people on the Mayflower, I forget his name, the barrel maker and the
famous woman, they got married, the lowest guy on the totem pole was the barrel maker.
They got married, that's my ancestors, and then my dad's side, kind of a scoundrel of
a guy, but the captain of the Mayflower.
Now the whole point here is, ladies and gentlemen, they had gone, and my mother's gone and visited
where my family was from in England, and then went over to the Netherlands.
She's been over there, where they have the original little churches of the pilgrims.
They were going all over the place trying to just try to read the Bible and not worship
government.
Because everywhere else you had a government run church, and they spied on you, they didn't
teach the Bible.
Didn't matter whether it was England's fake Protestant churches, from their perspective,
the Catholic Church, all of it, it all became political.
And so that happened.
So I wanna explain something to you.
This country was founded on religious freedom, and they could still never get it in the colonies,
because people would take over and try to make you follow their version.
So when you see the churches saying, we're 501 C3, which just turns them into a government
charity, a government corporation.
See, in the 50s, all the denominations said, shine on to this, you still get your tax exemption.
And they got tricked, really, and it was a contract fraud, going from a church outside
jurisdiction into a contract.
Now, Pastor Greg Dixon had the biggest standalone church in the country, and it was all over
60 minutes, you name it.
Anti-globalist, anti-New World Order, just Bible believing.
Biggest church in Indianapolis, Baptist temple, 8,000 plus member, 41 years.
And his son now pastors it, but they had been 501 C3, and he can tell the story better than
I, and then I've got Chuck Baldwin with him to go back and forth here.
But the point is, is that they came and took their church.
Now, they said, well, you've got to pay taxes.
Their church members paid the fake income tax, but it's not the church's job to collect
it and run it, that's engendered servitude.
And now, you see the churches of America starting to say, abortion's good, turn our guns in
are good, they're not even churches.
And in just a decade, this has happened.
And now they have the clergy response teams, mainstream news, telling their flocks, turn
your guns in, it's of the Lord.
America, the National Catholic Review, repeal the Second Amendment.
This is happening.
And whether you're Catholic, Protestant, whatever it is, and even if you're not a, quote, Christian,
you better be concerned.
Because when the churches become state run, you've got authoritarianism.
Now, Chuck Baldwin, you wanna introduce this topic, because I know you're an expert on
as well, and then bring up Pastor Greg Dixon, a graduate of the Baptist Bible College, Springsville,
Missouri in 1953.
And of course, the famous Baptist preacher in his own right, I'm not gonna go over his
whole bio.
There was a 91-day, quote, siege, where they wouldn't leave the church, but the media called
it a siege, like they were terrorists.
And we'll give you their website as well.
I mean, I'm ranting here, because this is so evil, and it's just accepted now.
So explain what's happening here, and did I break it down correctly, Pastor Chuck Baldwin?
Yeah, yes, you did, and Greg and I go back a long ways, he's a dear friend, I'm glad
you got him on.
Everybody should be familiar with this story.
What you said is exactly right.
Greg Dixon was preaching the gospel without the 501c3 tax exempt status.
The tax issue that you described was what happened, and they came in.
And by the way, people need to realize that this took place under the Bush administration,
GW Bush.
In fact, this is one of the first things that the new GW Bush administration did, was seize
Indianapolis Baptist Temple, first time in history that a church in the United States
had been seized by the federal government.
And that happened under a Republican presidential administration.
And we know why, because they were getting ready with a faith-based initiative to buy
off the churches, so they had to get rid of the major group that was resisting it.
I think they wanted to make Greg an example.
He was the guy that they saw as the thorn in their side, and they wanted to make him
an example.
And that's exactly what they did.
They didn't kill the church, his son is still pastoring, they're still growing, they're
still preaching, they're still winning souls, they're doing a great job for the Lord.
But they definitely seized the church, and they sent a message to preachers all over
America that you better kowtow to the IRS or we're gonna come and get you.
And again, spun it in the media like they stole money and demanded millions.
Every dime had been paid to the offshore Federal Reserve crime group.
They just had the members of the church individually do it, because Congress can make no law respecting
an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.
Pastor Greg Dixon, thank you for joining us today.
I wanna get into your story for people, but you broke it all down, or you could say prophesied
it wasn't hard to do, that as you guys went down, the church would become a pure organ
of Satan.
And now by and large, it has become that.
Well thank you very much, I appreciate being on the program today and appreciate the great
work that you're doing.
Thank you sir.
I'm holding in my hands right here, the front page of the Indianapolis Star, Wednesday,
February the 14th, 2001, the headline says, Feds Seize Baptist Temple.
And the front page has the picture-
You just show viewers.
100 federal marshals came in and broke down the doors of the Indianapolis Baptist Temple.
And it says, Feds Seize Baptist Temple.
Well they didn't, thank God, they didn't seize the Baptist Temple.
They did carry some of us out, but we were seen worshiping together the next night at
the Jonathan Bird's cafeteria, the convention center out there.
So they stole the land and the building, they didn't-
Worshiping together ever since.
So they did seize the buildings and sold off $6 million worth of property, 22 acres of
land right in the middle of Indianapolis.
And sold for a million and a half, and there's where we had a Christian school, they now
have a charter school.
We say they have a communist school now, where we were teaching the Bible, they're teaching
atheism, where we were teaching the free enterprise system, they're teaching communism, where
we were teaching creationism, they're teaching Darwinism.
So anyway, they've got their charter school there now, but the church is still going right
on, praise God for that.
But nevertheless, the church is still there.
I think it's very important, and it's good to be united with my good friend Chuck Baldwin
again.
We've been good friends for a long, long time.
We were comrades together in arms with more majority back in the 80s.
It's always good to be with Chuck again.
And he's a great soldier of the cross, I will assure you that.
But I think it's important for people to understand that under communism in China, they had the
three self movement.
The three self movement was this, state recognized churches, state financed churches, and then
the church was to espouse state propaganda.
That's exactly what we have in America.
We have state recognized churches through incorporation, through 501c3 recognition under
the IRS.
Then you've got state financed churches through the tax deductible gift and tax exemption.
And then the churches are to espouse federal public policy.
That's exactly where we are.
The reason that the churches won't take a stand and the pastors won't take a stand is
because they don't want to give up their tax exemption and they don't want to give up their
tax deductible gifts because this is all of the religious organizations in America who
are not churches.
They couldn't exist without the tax deductible gifts.
So they're worshiping the golden calf.
That's right.
And the churches could not exist without the tax deductible gift.
The First Baptist Church of Dallas, downtown Dallas, they have just built a massive, massive
new building project right downtown Dallas.
They couldn't do it without that's where my grandma went when she, you know, I tell you
what, stay there.
We're going to come back and talk about what this means.
Even if you're not a Christian, folks, having a state run church means look out, look out.
We are in trouble.
Hello, I'm Alex Jones, myself, my family, the info wars dot com team want to relay to
you and your families that we are intensifying our efforts against the globalist on every
front info wars dot com is leading the fight against the technocrats.
But we can't do that without your help by getting the films, bumper stickers and T shirts
and info wars dot com.
You will wake up people in your area and support our operation as we move to the next level.
We need your help to spread the word like never before.
They wish to hide themselves during this tectonic battle between the forces of freedom and darkness.
You are the response to the globalist technocrats and their program of global eugenics dehumanization
and ultimate extermination.
The war is here.
It's an info war, the spirit of 1776 versus the mindset of 1984.
Imagine waking one morning only to find your family shivering in the dark because you couldn't
afford to pay your electric bill.
That's closer than you think.
You probably haven't heard about this yet because the liberal media has been suppressing
what is fast becoming the most shocking news story of 2012.
Obama's secret war on coal that could increase your already high power bill as much as 400%
in coming months.
As shocking as it sounds, it may well be just a matter of time before the lights start going
out across America.
But here's some good news.
There's an underground video at Exposed123.com that thousands of smart patriots have used
to end their slavery to the corrupt electricity monopoly.
The video at Exposed123.com has already been banned by Google and the liberal media is
doing everything in its power to take it down and keep America in the dark.
So watch it now at Exposed123.com before it's too late.
Again, that's Exposed123.com.
HempUSA.org has a revolutionary wonder food for detoxing the body and rebuilding the immune
system.
Microplant powder can help unclog arteries and soften heart valves while removing heavy
metals, virus, fungus, bacteria and parasites.
Plus it cleans and purifies the blood, lungs, stomach and colon.
Keep your body clean with microplant powder.
Order today at 888-910-4367 or visit HempUSA.org.
Hi, this is Ted Anderson.
Have you ever wondered why banks, stockbrokers, investment advisors won't talk about gold
IRAs?
They've been available since 1986, yet the financial industry won't recognize the value
of gold for your retirement.
Gold is outperformed paper investments, yet no word about IRAs.
If you would like to have gold for your retirement, call 800-686-2237.
To get left behind by rising inflation and low returns, call 800-686-2237.
Secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
We've lived in this neighborhood for years.
We have an alarm system and all of our doors have deadbolts.
They kicked in our door and were in and out of our house in about five minutes.
The police arrived in about 20 minutes, but they were long gone with our TV, jewelry and
my guns.
I kept thinking, what if my family had been home?
The police officer said that more than 85% of break-ins are through a door and that deadbolts
alone don't stop intruders.
The officer told me to go to easyarmor.net if we wanted something that would actually
stop an intruder.
EasyArmor reinforces all of the weak points on your doors and is guaranteed to prevent
kick-ins.
I was surprised at how little EasyArmor costs and I installed EasyArmor in about 30 minutes.
Visit easyarmor.net, that's the letters E-Z-A-R-M-O-R.net or call 888-58-ARMER, that's 888-582-7667.
EasyArmor.net, ultimate door security made easy.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're here Monday through Friday from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Central, live
back weeknight, 7 o'clock Central, InfoWars Nightly News and I'll be back live this Sunday
as I am every Sunday, 4 to 6 p.m., I wasn't live obviously on Easter, we'll be live this
Sunday 4 to 6 p.m., we're going to have a live report from the DMZ, it'll be 7 a.m.
Monday this time with Dr. Pechenik there on the North Korea situation, if stuff happens
I'll be in here doing live feeds on the audio and video streams at infowarsnews.com and
prisonplanet.tv.
Chuck Baldwin's riding shotgun with us for another 20 minutes or so and then we're going
to go right up to near the end of the show with Dr. Dickson, I have a couple of special
reports I'm going to air before the main broadcast ends but here's my bottom line, Pastor Dickson,
I want you to recap your story and then now what you see happening with the churches and
then I get Pastor Baldwin's take on it but it's simple, people that give in to corrupt
governments they get totally overrun because then even more evil people who will push it
further will get into government and then more evil and more evil so you end up getting
kind of a survival of the most evil and that's why you end up with human sacrifice in every
culture, mass death, worship of government and this worship of government is the opposite
of what was given to the Israelites by God was the first time you don't worship government,
you worship God.
It's like they said to, hey Saul you don't want a king, Israel you don't want a king
and you follow what God says and so no one can then dispute that and so we are the sovereigns
here with only God above us not the state above us because whoever you put above you
is God and we've now made the state God and it's now acting like God and it's now saying
it's God and Chris Rock is saying Obama is our father, no El Jefe is not my father, okay,
my physical father is David Jones but my spiritual father is Jesus Christ, what do you say to
that?
Well what you're saying is absolutely correct but we're going through the same thing that
Daniel went through with Nebuchadnezzar that the three Hebrew children went through that
the pastors went through with Hitler and let me read it to you, let me show you what I'm
talking about.
In 1998 under Clinton, under the Clinton administration, this has all been documented, all of the alphabet
soup agencies including the CIA, the FBI, the IRS under the Janet Reno Justice Department
came together in the White House and the not-for-profit division of the IRS that controls 750,000 churches
in America and their purpose of the meeting was to devise a plan classified as top secret
called Operation D and to devise a plan to control all uncooperative churches in America,
to put together a plan and they said that their plan was a five-pronged plan, it included
the financial power of the IRS, international pressures using the treaty powers of the UN,
the investigative and intelligence forces of the FBI, CIA and NSA, the judicial and
prosecutorial assets of the US Justice Department and federal courts and congressional legislations.
Now they used all five of these against our church to bring us down, our church was the
first church that they used to bring pressure and to muscle us down, our first church.
This is pure authoritarianism, when reporters get detained in China, it's national news
but then we get arrested trying to do interviews or trying to hand out literature now or get
tickets, I mean we have become an authoritarian state.
Now prior to this, TCAN in Texas and I'm not going into this in great detail but prior
to this, an organization called TCAN in Texas went through thousands and thousands and thousands
of United Nations documents and came to the conclusion that the goal of the United Nations
is to eliminate every local church on earth, to eliminate every local church on earth.
Now that's what this whole issue of Islam is about right now.
They're using Islam now to destroy Christianity and then they'll turn around after they get
through with that, then they'll end up, then they will destroy Islam.
But right now they're using Islam to destroy Christianity.
Exactly, notice how they can't have Legos of Jabba the Hutt saying it's anti-Islam,
has nothing to do with Islam, they're using it as political correctness to bring in and
say you can't criticize Islam out of the Bible or you can't criticize homosexuality or you
can't because that violates hate speech to shut down and bring in one world religion
that the UN openly is calling for.
Pastor Dixon stay there, Pastor Baldwin, I'm going to get your take on this when we come
back and everybody get the book Romans 13 at mfowarsstore.com.
We're on the march, the empire's on the run, Alex Jones and the GCN radio network.
Introducing pro one, all of your filtration in one system portable on the go.
No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic
acid advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one
filter element.
It is the only one that does it and out of the gates.
We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your pro pure with a new pro one filter today at mfowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers, the prognosis for the entire planetary
economic system runs from bad to worse.
The globalist model is to shut down societies and starve patriots out until they acquiesce
to the global takeover.
That's why we've assembled the most vital and important preparedness items at mfowarsshop.com.
These are items that I did research on that I personally use.
You've got the life straw so you can turn fetid water into safe water anywhere you go.
The Ktor hand crank generator to charge up key equipment during power outages or out
in the field.
Strategic relocation third edition by Joel Skousen.
When disaster strikes by Matthew Stein, TheraSafe used by Homeland Security to protect yourself
during any radiological event.
Hand crank shortwave AM FM radios.
Everything that we've researched and found to be the best is available at mfowarshop.com
and your purchase makes our info war possible.
We're getting prepared.
Are you?
Go to mfowarsshop.com.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning
needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
The answer to 1984 is 1776.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Show.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm going to be honest with you.
When I learn about how they're persecuting Christians or anybody, I take it personal.
I feel it.
And it's not because I'm some goody two shoes, bleeding heart person.
I have empathy.
God gave us that.
And I've just noticed that most people that don't believe in God and certainly state has
used religion, religion has been used for great mass murder.
I don't deny that.
But look at the communists, the greatest mass murderers in history.
They're anti-Christian and Christians having to literally run to the hills.
They just recently found families, you know, living out multigeneration Christians from
Ukraine who had gone hundreds of miles into the mountains in Siberia to survive.
And this is the type of world we're talking about.
And I think about my listeners, the family, the Haken family, where they claim they were
at a Tea Party event.
They rented their hotel room and found a small amount of marijuana.
They're both engineers.
He's an Air Force veteran.
Probably isn't even true.
And because I grew up in Dallas where the cops would plant drugs on people and witnessed
it.
And I'm not saying all police are bad, but the state is bad.
Those directing the state from on top are bad.
And I got physically, it was beyond hatred, beyond anger.
It's more of a sorrow, but just sick of it.
Like, why are we so weak?
Why have we let the evil get so bad?
And it was the realization last night that it's gonna get so much worse, folks.
Because people think by giving into evil that somehow it makes everything okay.
No, no, no.
It sinks to the bottom.
And I wanted to ask Pastor Baldwin, before we go back to Pastor Greg Dixon here, of ChuckBaldwinLive.com.
You can go to thebiblicallawcenter.com for Pastor Dixon's excellent site.
And everybody needs to direct their pastors and preachers to this, cuz I'm not even judging
people that are 501c3 and don't really know or they don't really understand.
You need to go convict them.
You need to give the book Romans 13 to them.
You need to send them to the Bible Law Center.
Because it was our churches that led the war against King George.
And it's gonna be the churches that lead in the forced inoculation, the gun confiscation.
I can play newscast where they say, we are training for gun confiscation, forced inoculation
and to tell the families to go to the famous center.
It's of the Lord, Romans 13, do what you're told.
I mean, I've played that clip probably 100 times.
Just type in clergy response team into YouTube, you'll get the newscast.
Four years after we broke it, okay?
It's so creepy that they've been training the preachers to tell their flocks just like
in Red Dawn.
They use the mayor and the preacher when the Soviets take over to go, I mean, this is classic
right out of an authoritarian novel.
That's what I'm getting at.
People got to wake up.
What do you call waking up or being in denial?
Because the people are given a great delusion.
I mean, the Bible talks about they were given great delusion.
You've got to be in a flaming delusion to not see that evil is just going hog wild and
that it's going to persecute good people.
Even if you go along with the New World Order but secretly love God and you have a good
heart, they're coming after you.
That's what I'm seeing.
The system releases criminals, pays al-Qaeda to murder Christian communities in Syria.
I mean, the system hates good people and not all departments are like this, but you can
see, like the Bible says, certain cities get taken over by evil.
You can see the evil cities versus the ones that aren't fully taken over.
But the body snatcher operation is ongoing in every town now.
Evil is on the offense right now.
And I want to ask who will, you know, lift up a standard, the spirit of the Lord to lift
up a standard of when the enemy comes in like a flood pastor?
Yeah, absolutely.
And the only ones to do that are the pastors.
They are the key.
Back in 1775 and 1776, if it were not for the colonial pastors, the so-called Black
Robe Regiment, there would have been no Bunker Hill, there would have been no Lexington Green,
there would have been no Concord Bridge, no Declaration of Independence, no Constitution,
there would have been no United States of America.
It was the pastors of colonial America that literally led the war for independence.
They preached, they taught, they exemplified, many of them participated.
And the enemy knows that, that's why they're going after them today.
Absolutely.
That's why they're neutered.
And that was such a stroke of diabolical genius back in the 1950s when Lyndon Johnson created
the 501c3 tax exempt status.
It really was, from a diabolical point of view, it was a stroke of genius.
Because what it did, it allowed the government to control the churches, and the preaching
especially, the preaching of the churches via the threat of the loss of tax exempt status
with the IRS codes 501c3.
So what's happened since, and coupled with the Romans 13 misinterpretation, obey the
government no matter what, what you have is a double whammy against the pastors and churches.
And the result is what we have today, a neutered, silent, scared, pitiful, pathetic pulpit,
until the pastors begin to awaken, energize their congregations.
And preach- Have you heard churches all over the place
are being told, pull the crosses out?
I mean, pretty soon there'll be nothing.
I've heard of that.
And I keep hearing more and more of this type of activity taking place, and you gotta ask
yourself, where's it gonna stop, and the fact is, it's never gonna stop.
But these churches have been indoctrinated also in the universities, and the Christian
colleges, and the seminaries.
It's all about success, Alex.
It's about money.
It's about 401k retirement.
It's about insurance plans.
It's about getting ahead.
It's about using the current church- Well, they could just turn the church into
a swinger's club then, maybe that'd get more people in the door.
Well, unfortunately, there's probably too much of that going on too.
But the fact is that what they've done is that they've created this social organization
that is success-oriented.
It's all about climbing the ladder, just like a businessman who wants to further his business-
Absolutely.
I'm gonna bring you back in a moment to talk about the Second Amendment issue with Pastor
Dixon.
But let's get Pastor Dixon's take on this.
How do we reverse this, these points I've made?
The persecution of good people is accelerating.
But not only that, many of these men, even fundamentalist men, are sincere in believing
that soul winning is the most important thing, therefore, they are justified in taking these
not-for-profit gifts, they are justified in compromising, so to speak, as long as they're
winning souls.
And we've got to somehow break through this malaise, somehow we have to break through.
See, for instance, the preachers are saying, well, they're not telling me what to preach.
Well, that's like saying, well, they're not telling me not to speed.
Well, you drive down the highway and you see a speed limit sign and it says 50 miles an
hour speed limit.
Well, just because a policeman doesn't come to you personally and say you're not to speed,
that doesn't mean you're not supposed to speed.
Well, just because the head of the IRS, the not-for-profit division of the IRS doesn't
come to you and say personally to you or you don't get a letter from them saying you're
not to espouse federal public policy or that you're not supposed to endorse candidates
or specific legislation doesn't mean that you're not supposed to do those things.
You can read the contract, you can read what the law says.
Now, for instance-
That's right, you've signed a covenant, so don't cop out and say you haven't.
And look what's happened to the churches and look at how selectively all the pro-abortion,
all the anti-gun churches, they can say who to vote for.
But if you get a constitutional church out there saying something, here comes the IRS,
what's the IRS doing in a church?
The answer is you're not a church now, you are a government corporation.
That's exactly correct.
Now let me show you.
The IRS is keep every single preacher in America who speaks out on any public policy issue
and it gets in the newspapers, it gets on television or radio.
The IRS is keeping a file on that preacher, the date that they gave that speech or the
sermon, whether it was on the internet or wherever it was.
Let me give you an example.
That's church police.
That's absolutely correct.
They kept a secret file on me that went clear back to 1971.
I'm just gonna give you a few of the headlines that was out of the Indianapolis Star.
1971, Baptist High School to stress Bible.
1978, Reverend Dixon fights daycare license.
1978, church plans tech school.
1981, pornography target of downtown rally attended by 1000.
1983, Reverend Dixon opposes lottery bill.
1983, churches to fight encroachment.
1985, state laws may collide with church.
1986, group to obey Jesus, not government.
1987, Dixon opposes governor or on school.
And they're putting this in the newspaper because as if it's a list of your crimes,
my gosh, a church went down and rallied against pornography.
They're not allowed to do that.
I mean, what country is this?
What's the world coming to?
A church against pornography?
Now listen to this one.
How many churches, how many preachers, Chuck, have you heard say, well, but when they tell
me they can't, I can't preach against homosexuality, I'll do something.
Listen to this one.
Gays urge panel to include them in anti-bias bill.
But guess what?
Old big mouth was there.
It was opposed by Reverend Greg Dixon, 1990.
That was the headlines in the Indianapolis Star.
Now this was just a few of them.
I don't, I'm not going to take time on the broadcast today to read all of them.
This was in, this was in, we got this through discovery.
This was in our file.
We got it through discovery.
They'd kept a secret file on me since 1971.
You think they don't have a file on Chuck Baldwin?
You don't think they have a file on Jeffers, First Baptist Church in Dallas?
You don't think they have a file on every preacher in America that's speaking out on
these public issue policy issues?
This is, listen, fusion centers, that term comes directly out of East Germany.
They, when I first heard this 12 years ago, I didn't believe it.
I looked up the federal purchase orders.
They hired Marcus Wolf for three years to set up Homeland Security, the former head
of the Stasi.
This is directly out of East Germany.
They actually shut up what we're now seeing launch in America.
Absolutely, absolutely.
And you can say all you want to about, well, we're going to get some attorney to help us.
We're going to get some attorney to fight for us.
These attorneys will run.
They'll have their tail between their legs because in the first place, the minute you
get into court, they're going to say you signed the contract.
You signed the contract.
Isn't that the problem in America is that, I mean, I don't think of myself as a tough
guy or something, but I have no fear of them coming after me, what may be in the newspaper.
They may set me up.
I just have peace other than wanting to resist them.
I don't have peace there.
What happened to the spirit in America?
Because I'm a pretty wicked devil, and I absolutely in my heart want to resist these people in
my soul.
Where are the men today?
Where are the people?
I mean, they don't even hardly protest abortion anymore in this country.
Where is it?
I guess we're just going down.
That's one of the reasons that, see, the Bible says rebellion is worse than witchcraft.
When our church was a corporation, a 501C3 nonprofit corporation, we obeyed all the laws.
We withheld taxes.
We did everything.
We dotted every I.
We crossed every T. We did everything.
But when we unincorporated, when we got out of the system, when we were no longer a 501C3,
we said no more.
We didn't do any of those things.
We stopped being a tax collector for the government.
We stopped paying, collecting federal income tax.
And our position was that these people are not employees.
They're ministers-
Well, they spin it like it's demonic to resist a corrupt government.
But I mean, resisting is one thing.
I mean, obviously, rebelling against God is super evil.
But they call churches rebellious that don't submit to the government.
What do you say to that Romans 13 issue?
Well, in the first place, if you've signed the contract, you better obey the contract.
But that's what the biblical law center does.
We help churches to organize and reorganize so they can be free from 501C3.
And they're doing that successfully by the thousands.
Well, I'm not saying they're doing it by the thousands.
No, no.
There are a lot of churches starting and a lot of the ones that are- I mean, I got friends
right out here that go to churches that have been around for decades that aren't 501C3.
I know.
But there's more to it than just- I mean, you've got to- that's why the biblical law
center is trying to- it's more through it than just- I'm telling you, there's more to
it.
We'll get you on for a full hour sometime just to get into the law aspects.
I know you've been through it yourself.
You're the experts on it.
But I wanted to get Chuck Baldwin's take here on the state of the Second Amendment and then
get your take, Pastor Dixon.
I mean, now the churches- well, let me ask Dixon briefly.
What do you make of the first, you know, the Southern Baptist and all the rest of them
coming out and saying, basically, turn in your guns to the government?
Well, in the first place, we're seeing now a specific line between fundamentalists and
evangelicals.
And we've been trying to tell them that all along.
There's a difference between fundamentalists and evangelicals.
And so these wimpy evangelicals now are wimping out.
And so we're seeing it now.
And so the evangelicals, they want to be seen as these nice guys and go-along guys and to
get-along guys.
And so they're saying, well, we can give in and we can give in on it.
And they're doing the same thing on the immigration.
They're saying, well, I was a stranger and we took them in.
Well, I appreciate that verse, but it doesn't mean that you have to take some wicked people
into your home and turn your children over to some predator.
Just because the Bible says, I saw a stranger and we took them in, that doesn't mean that
we have-
Well, the point is, it's globalism, it's pure U.N., ecumenical take-down of America and
it's all moving now.
And it should be an alarm bell.
If your church is telling you, you shouldn't own guns, ask why the government has guns.
We're supposed to be the government.
You say render unto Caesar.
We are the government.
The Bill of Rights is the government.
That's what you follow.
That's the biblical law, not the law of the satanic U.N.
Pastor Baldwin?
Yeah, it's-
Thanks, Alex.
This is an issue that I'm just really passionate about right now, because I think this is the
defining issue for the future liberty and freedom of our country.
The semi-automatic rifle is the most efficient, the most effective self-defense tool in modern
time.
It is equivalent to the Roman sword of the first century.
Jesus commanded the disciples to buy the Roman sword and to possess the Roman sword.
I would remind people that back in the Old Testament in Genesis 14, back before the law
of Moses or anything of that nature, when Lot was taken by five heathen kings, he armed
his servants, he, Abram, they went after them.
They took them to the battlefield.
They fought.
He slaughtered the kings.
He rescued Lot by the power of the sword.
The ability to defend oneself is a fundamental natural law principle that is given by God,
whether we're Christian or non-Christian, no matter what our denomination or lack thereof.
The righteous self-defense is sacrosanct.
It is sacrosanct, absolutely, and it is given by God.
And for preachers to acquiesce on this issue is absolutely, in my opinion, blasphemous
against the laws of God.
And unfortunately, Greg, I think you'd admit with me that there are many of our brethren
in the fundamentalist ranks that have capitulated on this issue, just as evangelicals have.
Well, I haven't heard any of our unregistered church preachers.
Oh yeah, no, maybe not those guys, no, not those unregistered guys.
I'm sure they haven't.
But there's a lot of guys that would call themselves fundamentalists that teach this
asinine interpretation of Romans 13, that no matter what the government declares, that
you are to submit.
And I've known some of these guys personally.
Well, I would say that I'd call them, I'm putting them over the evangelical camp.
Well, just to be clear here across the board, guys, undoubtedly, what do you call this massive
explosion of evil, moving on all fronts, swarming us?
What do you call that in history and biblically, what we're going into, a quickening, an acceleration?
Jesus said that in the last days, many, many will fall away.
And we're living in that day that many, many are falling away.
This is the great falling away.
That day will not come until there come a falling away first.
And that's exactly what we're seeing.
Well, I think we're also seeing the age old principle of self-promotion.
The idea that I am going to get ahead, I'm going to be prospered.
I'm not going to endanger myself.
I'm not going to risk anything.
I think that's innate in many people that they don't want to risk.
They don't want to endanger themselves.
Don't they know fortune favors the bold, and I mean, our fortune is liberty?
Yeah, well, no, they don't.
For so long, they have been taught and indoctrinated in this principle of submission to government.
This has been going on for nearly 100 years.
You got to go back to the war between the states, probably, before you found preachers
that were really talking about this.
Since then, the preachers haven't been talking about this.
That's the opposite, Alex, they've been talking about submit to the government.
The government is good.
The government is of God.
Don't resist.
This has been indoctrinated in them for 150 years, probably.
Well, look, I'm not on some high horse because I'm not a preacher and I'm not perfect, but
I have a relationship with God and I love innocent people, I want to protect them.
I don't know how you couldn't have burning in your bones to resist what's happening.
And I don't know how these preachers can actually be saved Christians and sit there and promote
all this evil.
Pastor Dixon, what do you say to that?
Well, all I can say is that I'm not going to say that they're not saved, but I'm going
to say they're sure they're sure deceived.
And the Bible says that deceived and being deceived and I'll guarantee you they need
to get back and take a new look at what the scriptures teach.
But I think it's just a total misunderstanding of the whole purpose of the Christian life.
And the Bible says, resist the devil and he'll flee from you.
And Paul the apostle said, you have not yet resisted under blood and that we're to resist
even unto blood.
That's what Paul the apostle said.
And we're to resist with everything that was that is within us.
And we've just become so soft.
We have everything is so soft.
Sure, the Bible doesn't say lick the devil's boots and he'll flee from you.
That's right.
That's right.
And everything is so soft today.
We have such soft lives.
Soft men.
Men are soft.
That's right.
And we've become so feminized as men and we've we've just we've we're enjoying we're at ease
in Zion.
That's that's what the Bible says.
It says we're at ease in Zion and the scripture says that Ephraim turned back in the days
of battle.
And that's where we are.
Well, I'm not at ease.
I'm not at ease.
I mean, I just I don't know how anybody can be at ease when the pure evil's rising all
around us.
Well, Alex, let's remember to let's focus again on the importance of standing for the
Second Amendment.
I just can't stress this enough.
Oh, yeah.
They get that.
But we we must draw our line in the sand on this issue.
I mean, I have publicly said and I've publicly written you've read my stuff and you see what
I am willing to be a law breaker when they tell me that my semiautomatic rifle is against
the law.
I am willing to be a law breaker.
I will not submit to that law.
I will not register my rifles.
I will not surrender my rifle.
That's why they hate Heston so much.
He said from my cold, dead hand.
It's that not submitting because they always want a little more, a little more.
We said no, no more.
You will not pass.
That's why again, I have to say that's why Tim and I wrote the book to keep or not to
keep why Christians should not give up their guns.
If we do not take a stand as a church on the issue of the right to keep and bear arms and
preach it from a biblical natural law perspective, make people understand that they are morally
justified.
They are spiritually justified in violating any law that requires them to surrender their
guns.
If we don't take that stand and draw that line now, there is no liberty left in America.
I cannot stress that.
No, and I want to state something.
It's so immoral because we know they want the guns to enslave us.
We know they're authoritarian, so you are aiding and abetting the enemy in what they're
going to do.
And that's why anyone that promotes it knowingly, like these police chiefs and stuff that know,
they are active collaborators with the enemy.
They are globalist operatives, and we know who runs the New World Order.
They are agents of Satan, and that's not a verbal flourish.
These people are agents consciously of the devil.
Go ahead.
Well, I appreciate what you're saying, but what you have to understand is, and this may
sound Pollyanna, but the First Amendment was written before the Second Amendment.
No, I know they have the right.
I'm saying they want our guns to devour us.
I appreciate what you're saying, but I want you to hear me for just a moment.
We gave up the First Amendment, now we didn't, the church, the Bible says judgment must begin
at the house of God.
That's right.
And the preachers gave up the First Amendment, and if we weren't willing to fight for the
First Amendment, why do you think they're going to be willing to fight for the Second
Amendment?
That's right.
I'm going to fight for the Second Amendment, and I know there's a lot of others that are
as well.
Five minutes of overdrive, gentlemen.
Back in 60 seconds.
I want you both to get a final word in fullwars.com back Sunday, 4 to 6 p.m. Central.
4 to 6 p.m. Central, in fullwars.com.
Thank you for listening to GCN.
Visit GCNlive.com today.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your
arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe.
It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit, or shed.
Getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no
need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
Coast to coast, direct from Austin.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups.
You want answers?
Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Look, I got in Piers Morgan's face, made a lot of little people uncomfortable out there
because they want to be in a trance, but it's now been seen as a seminal moment in television
by many people.
And it's because I simply got in his face and said, I know you're coming to take my
guns to enslave me.
Now it turns out the article's up at infoawars.com.
We've got them coming on Sunday.
The Veritas project, they went to his house, and he's got armed security guards.
Okay, so there you go.
That is the individual at CNN, Piers Morgan.
They want our guns consciously to enslave us.
And you got the state rep out in Colorado who says, well, we gotta ban 15-round mags
cuz after you've used the mag, you throw it away.
I mean, there's also a lot of useful idiots in this.
So yeah, we shouldn't judge them all.
I judge their actions.
I don't judge them.
I don't enjoy hating the New World Order.
I hate what they're doing.
I want to give Pastor Dixon two minutes to finish up and then the last word to Pastor
Chuck Baldwin, chuckbaldwinlive.com, biblicallawcenter.com for Greg Dixon.
Greg, two minutes.
Well, I appreciate what Chuck said, and I'm not talking about him.
I just want to reiterate what we were saying that preachers, I'm talking about the preachers.
If they're not willing to take a stand on the First Amendment and fight for God and
the right to preach the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ unfettered, free from government,
why in the world do we think that they would be willing to fight for the Second Amendment?
That's the point that I'm trying to make.
And once again, I rejoice that there are still programs like this one and we need to support
Alex Jones and we need to stand and give thanks to the Lord that we still have freedom of
the press in this country, that we still have programs of this kind, conservative broadcast,
conservative television.
I trust that you go to our website, thebiblicallawcenter.com.
I'd like for you to get my book, The Trail of Blood Revisited, how to be free, getting
free from 501c3.
Yeah, we need to carry that book because I've read excerpts and I'm going to read the whole
thing I want to get you back on in the next month for a full hour on breaking the bonds
of enslavement over the churches.
We'll talk to you very soon.
Thanks for all the time, Pastor Dixon.
Thank you very much.
You bet.
Had the biggest church in the country and found out about all this, did the right thing
and is now trying to bring the church out of bondage.
And again, even if you don't believe in God, folks, when the government takes over the
church, you're in trouble.
Final comments to Chuck Baldwin.
Pastor Baldwin.
Yeah, Alex, thanks a lot.
And Greg's a great man and I appreciate you having him on.
Yeah, I just think it's absolutely critical that we, regardless of whether we call ourselves
Christians or not, whether we go to church or not, that we understand the moral biblical
principles that undergirding the Second Amendment, that the battle is being waged right now over
the right to keep and bear arms.
This is where the battle is raging.
We must not capitulate, compromise or surrender this issue.
If we do, there is no more freedom of any kind left in the United States.
And a lot of times, I'm finding that many unsaved, unchurched people are more willing
to stand for the Second Amendment than many of my Christian brethren.
And I find that really disconcerting.
It's because they've got instincts, they've got gut and they're good people who probably
deep down love God.
Absolutely right.
God-fearing people.
I hear in our fellowship in the Flathead Valley of Montana, Liberty Fellowship that I started
a couple of years ago.
We have people of all types that come to our fellowship.
Some don't even profess to be Christian, but they appreciate the biblically-based principles
of liberty that we preach every Sunday afternoon from our pulpit that's live streamed at LibertyFellowshipMontana.com.
So I'm finding people of all kinds and all shapes and sizes that are willing to stand
and I'm very encouraged by that.
What I'm not encouraged about is people like Franklin Graham and Richard Land and so many
of these other preachers across America that are not willing to stand up in their pulpits
for the Second Amendment.
So I encourage people, if they're attending a church where the pastor is not standing
up for the Second Amendment...
Speak out.
Speak out.
