We now take you live to the Central Texas Command Center, in the heart of the Resistance.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Show.
It's a holiday, it's a holiday, welcome to your holiday.
Yes, that is a bad imitation of the great Gerald Cilente.
When he talks about holidays, they have the bank holidays where they steal all your money,
in some cases all your money out of your bank account after taxes.
The loving EU to pay it directly to private bankers.
But this holiday is Ishtar Day, Easter Day.
You know, Playboy Day, the day when the rabbits fornicate
and so you then have them lay eggs to Ishtar.
It is the day of spring or regeneration or the day that Christ was risen from the dead.
But you notice that every major religious holiday Christians have has been overwritten
by the pagans that have been basically overwriting the Christian faith for 2,000 years.
That's what's been going on.
So I thought I would just talk about that gospel mystery a little bit.
It is no mystery. Christmas is supposedly the time of the birth of Christ.
Now it's about a big drunk guy in a red outfit that comes down your chimney
and well, acts like Freddy Krueger chopping up your family in little pieces.
That's what Santa Claus was 200 years ago in England.
It was a night of rioting, Christmas was banned.
You can actually look that up.
I know it's all supposedly about Saint Nick and the guy that handed out presents to sick children.
Over there in the Dutch areas of the realm.
But my point is, what are fables, what are legends if they're not archetypal images?
And so I just thought on this Easter Bunny day that I would point out that they're overwriting everything.
I mean, what was liberty this country was founded on?
The Bill of Rights Constitution.
Now liberty means TSA putting their hand in the cookie jar to make sure not al-Qaeda
that al-Qaeda is the good guys, but to make sure white al-Qaeda.
The evil white al-Qaeda is not hiding under there.
So that is just some of what we're going to be breaking down here today.
Look at this article up at Infowars.com.
I didn't get to this on Friday, but I wish I may, I wish I might cover this piece of news tonight
here on this 31st day of March 2013.
It's a little story here up on the side.
I'm trying to find it.
I had it printed out in front of me.
Fox drama constitutionalist work for terrorist serial murderers.
Well actually they are serial terrorist murderers who were very impressed that they're constitutionalist
because that's the dirtiest, nastiest thing on earth you can be.
It brings a big smile to the chief killer's face.
And so everything is now Southern Poverty Law Center, ADL script, brainwashing the poor,
hapless public.
And I just hope to point out to people that a free society does not have this type of
full metal jacketed tyranny being sprayed out by the globalist media.
I mean you could have like messages, you know, back in the 60s about equality and stuff and
planet and shows, or feminism and Mary Tyler Moore, all seems reasonable.
But then now you see it sets the precedent today to just absolutely have a war on reality,
which the new magazine, Infowars Magazine, welcome to Planet Hoax.
You can sign up at Infowars.com forward slash newsletter, Infowars.com forward slash newsletter.
And always about four or five days, six days or so after the physical comes out, we then
send the digital out to everyone who subscribes there to the email blast and update alerts
and things.
We don't send out a lot.
A couple of things a week.
It's always really important videos or information.
And once a month, we send it out a few times.
People always miss it.
The digital copy of Infowars Magazine with a lot of exclusive material and also the top
stories of the few weeks before we publish it from Infowars.com and present.com.
And I'd say it supports us, but we sell it at cost, the subscription and the bulk, you
can buy them in bulk.
So it's really about supporting your own future and being part of the Infowar and resisting.
So Infowars Magazine available at Infowarsstore.com, Infowarsstore.com.
Get it, order it, big color glossy, follow in the footsteps of our founders and wake
people up.
It will certainly shake them out of their days because in a world of universal deceit,
telling the truth is a revolutionary act.
More of that with our special guest straight ahead.
It's a surprise.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day.
If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better.
You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared.
For years we've told you about our friends at eFoods Direct.
They have the best tasting long-term storable food on the planet.
This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight.
A long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing
you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from eFoods Direct.
Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping
on all food supplies.
Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared.
Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups.
You want answers?
Well so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network.
And now live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
It's been out for a couple days but didn't get attention until last night it was in some
of the establishment prostitute media, the dinosaur media, praising Jim Carrey.
I've seen him in interviews.
I mean I think he genuinely is mentally ill.
He's kind of a geek.
That's why it's funny to watch him literally denigrate and in this disgusting five-minute
song, we're going to go over some of the lyrics to it here today and it's got some profanity
so we won't play all of it.
Say that gun owners but that Chuck Heston, Charlton Heston, a true humanitarian, a true
civil rights activist, a patriot, that he is guilty for dead kids, that he won't be
going to heaven and that he's mentally ill and believes in space aliens.
And it was just so ham-fisted and so pathetic I got angry and I figured it out last night.
I couldn't even go to sleep, folks, and I can go to sleep in like one minute.
I can just turn my brain off.
I was so upset I couldn't go to bed till like two in the morning.
I shot like three videos for the YouTube channel because I realized these people are so pathetic
and such liars and such hypocrites with their bodyguards and so anti-individual and so wrong
and so authoritarian that I'm angry that we have not routed them out.
Now, I called a very busy individual but he's obviously very angry about what's happening
as well.
I talked to him this morning on his cell phone.
Ted Nugent, who needs no introduction, NRA board member, you know, top rock and roller
patriot hunter.
I called him on his cell phone a couple hours ago and I said, can you come on about Charlton
Heston?
I know you were very good friends with him and really got him to get more hardcore on
the Second Amendment.
He said, absolutely.
It was Ted Nugent that helped supercharge Charlton Heston into the fight at many levels.
So here is his friend to defend Chuck Charlton Heston because he can't do it.
He's dead.
Ted, you've got the floor, my friend.
You've got the floor.
Thank you for coming on TedNugent.com.
I know you're about to go on your Black Power tour, but we appreciate you giving us time
today.
Sir, you've got the floor.
Well, Alex, thank you for that.
I appreciate it.
And I look back at you because there's no question that the great American legend and
icon, a true warrior, a true hero, Charlton Heston, deserves nothing but respect from
thinking, caring, conscientious, educated people.
But again, as we talked before about the gift from God that Piers Morgan represents, I mean,
God literally sent Piers Morgan from England to try to debate the Second Amendment.
He literally couldn't come up with Alfred E. Newman versus an audition for One Flew
Over the Cuckoo's Nest, to come up with a better representative of a guy who hates freedom
and hates the Second Amendment and hates Ted Nugent and Alex Orange and hates the NRA and
hates self-defense and hates guns.
And I think we are not here so much to defend Charlton Heston because once again, God has
sent a complete brain-dead, soulless punk to desecrate the absolutely well-earned and
deserved glowing reputation of the great Charlton Heston.
And what Jim Carrey has done, and I've been all over, we have a talk back at TedNugent.com
and we have thousands of people from all around the world that come to celebrate self-evident
truth and common sense, you know, the same communication that you get, Alex, from people
who understand, you know, history, the evidence that brought us to the greatest experience
and the greatest quality of life in America.
And when a guy like Jim Carrey pulls off this kind of mean-spirited, soulless, I think the
best word to describe Jim Carrey and Piers Morgan and guys like, you know, Michael, I'm
still looking for personal hygiene more, they're all one big gaggle of soulless punks.
And I would understand, and I understand when a person is uneducated and ignorant and hates
America and hates self-defense and doesn't believe in self-defense, but then again, if
you examine Michael Moore and his armed security detail, if you examine Jim Carrey and his
armed security detail, when you examine Michael Bloomberg and Governor Cuomo and Nancy, you
don't have to read this, you need to sign it Pelosi, and of course our favorite gun
runner, Eric Holder, when you examine the freedom haters who hate guns and want to do
everything on film stating clearly they would take away all the guns if they could, these
people are perfect to represent the other side because when they open their mouth, yes,
we have an unfortunate and a tragic percentage of Americans who are more like sheep than
we the people that support these freedom haters, when they speak, common sense America, people
who have jobs, people who put their heart and soul into being the best that they can
be, people who appreciate the gift of life, the sacred gift of life, and our moral, intellectual
and spiritual obligation to defend that life, and that the Second Amendment was written
down to remind us we have the individual God-given right to defend that precious gift of life,
good people understand the pure rot from Jim Carrey.
So in his grave, Alex, let's really examine this, from the grave, the great Charlton Heston
represents fate to the Jim Carrey's of the world, and I think Charlton Heston, if we
could communicate with him, he would be smiling right now, he wouldn't be hurt, he would
be smiling because Charlton Heston knew the culture of war was coming before any of us
did, Alex, and here's the beauty, Charlton Heston would be more than proud to cause much
anguish and insanity in the soulless vacuum of Jim Carrey's brain, or his skull, Charlton
Heston is like you and I, Alex, only he's better, and he is just giddy with joy that
he has inspired Jim Carrey to become even dumber than dumb, and to be just this toxic
source of indecency and mean spirit and hate, Charlton Heston isn't even alive, and he
caused Jim Carrey to expose his soullessness.
So don't underestimate in the culture war, more important than the lie of holding for
Columbine by Michael, no hygiene more, and Nancy, no soul Pelosi, and Diane, I've got
a gun but you don't get to have one, Feinstein, I mean the list goes on of just hypocritical
brain dead subhuman punks, or not to mention, Alex, the Vice President of the United States
recommending felonies live on TV, you gotta be kidding me, Alex, again, if you and I were
to sit down with all the greatest minds on earth, the most clever, educated, witty, brilliant
minds on earth, we couldn't design an enemy that looks more ridiculous than Nancy Pelosi,
Dianne Feinstein, Joe Biden, Barack Obama, Eric Holder, Jim Carrey, Michael Moore, odd
nauseum, so yes, it is hurtful, and it does inspire righteous indignation, and we should
be angry, but we should also take a deep breath and go, hey Jim, do it again, because you're
distancing yourself further every time you open your imbecilic mouth, surrounded by your
armed security details, demanding that the rest of us don't get to have any security,
so Alex, I know it hurts and it's ugly, but you know what, I think in Nuremberg 1938,
we got there late, but when we finally got there, we made those subhuman Nazi brown shirt
punks walk through Auschwitz and look what they caused, look what they did, and this
Jim Carrey moment is a mirror that we can show somebody hopefully soon that these people
enhance crime, they encourage crime, they facilitate and guarantee more innocent dead
citizens.
Sure.
Well, that's it, they know, Ted Nugent joining us, they know crimes dropped 49% violent crime
FBI statistics since 1991, as the guns go up, the crime goes down, they know that, so
it is a criminal instinct of hypocrisy to want to dominate us because they're collectivist,
but end up getting our banker bailout money, they are just lawless parasites, Michael Moore,
all of them, they know exactly, Dianne Feinstein, she's got her own gun, she's got her own security
detail, they have this, I'll say it, criminal instinct to disarm us, absolutely.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health.
With silver lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection of
silver based products.
Our most popular silver based products are the 32 ounce nano silver solutions, our two
ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well as our all natural silver soaps.
Just released is our 100% natural silver gel.
Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and
leave the silver at the surface, but rather we have formulated our silver gel using the
natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the
skin while delivering the silver more effectively.
Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver based products
are best for you.
That's www.silverlungs.com.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons.
But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria,
viruses, moles, and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it
the number one choice of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to www.supernaturalsilver.com.
Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your
arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe.
It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to www.getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you are protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit, or shed.
Getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no
need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's Getsimplisafe.com.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day.
If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better.
You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared.
For years, we've told you about our friends at eFoods Direct.
They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food on the planet.
This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight.
A long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing
you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from eFoods Direct.
Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping
on all food supplies.
Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared.
Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
Coast to coast, direct from Austin.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
Leading a frontal assault on the lives of the New World Order, it's Alex Jones on the
GCN Radio Network.
Come on baby, it is hard to fade down that music and the man that created it, Ted Nugent
is with us.
And the more I get to know Ted Nugent, obviously I've known him for years, he's been coming
on the show for probably 15 years, but the more I really get to know him, he is such
a patriot.
And you notice as things get more hardcore, he gets more hardcore.
And I wanted to talk to him about how to beat these people.
We're going to get to the fun of guns after we cover the more serious topics in a moment.
But before we do that, remember this broadcast is listener supported.
We're building the news organization, the nightly news, the films, the monthly magazine,
everything we're doing isn't funded by banker bailouts and taxpayer money like MSNBC and
CNN.
It is funded by your support.
And so I go out and find the best products that I can find, get the best deal, buy them
in bulk and sell them at the lowest price like the stainless steel, propure water filtration
system that blows away the competition.
Very important to have clean water, so it's a win, win, win.
You can get that at Infowarsstore.com, that's Infowars, one word, store.com.
You can also find all the pros second amendment.
Come and take it with a M16 or AK-47 with the right to keep and bear arms, shall not
be infringed inside the gun, best selling shirt out there.
People are getting them all over the country, camouflage, Infowars.com, ball caps, the films,
the materials.
It is a culture war, so wear your uniform, folks, and meet like-minded people.
We have the Obama Joker tyrant shirt, limited edition.
We have the new 1776 Spirit of Liberty shirt that just came out with Paul Revere riding
on it with M16s crossed on the front and the back.
Just amazing at Infowarsstore.com, and the more you fuel us in mid-air refueling, the
more you fund us, the more we're gonna get the word out.
In fact, I'm about to put 1 million bumper stickers in the new, not this month, but the
next month magazine, 1 million of them, 6 bumper stickers per magazine going out.
One of them is the second amendment sticker, the others are Infowars.
It's time to get aggressive, aggressive, aggressive, aggressive, and support TedNugent.com.
The New World Order types love to act like we're all alone, that we don't have any power,
that we're weirdos.
At the end of the Charlton Heston demonization video where they say he killed the kids, God
hates him, he's going to hell, he's a psycho, he's scum, he blows his foot off.
At the end of the attempted defaming that falls flat on its face by the little scrofulous
creature Jim Carrey and his masters, at the end of the whole video, you realize that these
people are just pathetic and that all they've done is give us another tool to show what
scum they are.
But we are in a culture war and at the end of the video, they all laugh at Charlton Heston
and laugh at gun owners and you're supposed to feel like you're alone at the end.
You're supposed to feel like as there's blood all over Charlton Heston, you're supposed
to feel like you're a moron because this scum laughed at you.
That's all peer pressure manipulation.
These people are the scum and they really are the degenerate scum.
What do you say about really getting aggressive, then get into DHS, get into still touring,
getting bigger every day, the wake up that's happening.
I want to get into Uncle Ted's advice in this war.
Ted Nugent, you've got the floor.
Well, Alex, when you recommend getting more aggressive, surely you've seen the YouTube
video of me holding up a bunch of drum fed AR-15s on stage and telling Nancy Pelosi,
then Senator Barack Obama, Barbara Baca, and Dianne Feinstein, et al. to suck on my machine
guns.
Should I get more aggressive than that?
No, I think, no, no.
I'm telling, I'm not telling you that.
I'm telling the public.
I know what you mean, and we love you madly, but I do believe that I may be the only guy
on the planet who's got a couple notches up the aggressive chart from Alex.
Oh, no, no, no.
Let me be clear.
I agree with you.
I'm telling the audience, I think it's time to get aggressive.
What do you say then?
I just thought I'd make sure, if people listening right now to us, Alex, haven't Googled my
name lately, get yourself some popcorn and a couple of big gulps.
You're right.
And Google Ted Nugent and watch me drive the liberals berserk.
That's what I do sometimes on Saturday nights.
I literally do.
Go watch your latest YouTube.
I mean, it's just, and by the way, Alex, I have, my wife will tell you, I never in my
life have woke up in the morning, rub my hands together, got a wild eye look in my face and
gone, what can I do to drive liberals batty?
I've never given it a thought.
Swear to God, my instincts, I'm going to stand up for truth, logic, the logic and pragmatism
that brings independent quality of life.
And I celebrate and promote those things.
I started promoting, never defending.
I have never defended the second amendment or backstraps.
I've never defended anything.
I promote and celebrate all good things, self-evident truth, logic, good will, decency and the American
way.
And I found out as early as 1965, 1966, the beatniks were morphing into the hippies and
they hated me.
And I sat back for a minute, I go, you hate me because I believe in self-defense and I
eat venison?
Are you kidding me?
But here's the bottom line.
I would love to get Pelosi and Boxer and Feinstein and Michael Moore and Jim Carrey and Bill
Maher and Piers Morgan, I'd like them to get on film and admit how much dope have you
smoking?
How many mind altered, and I'm not alleging they have, allegedly, they told me that they
talk and conduct themselves like cesspools of mind altering drugs.
And I bet you, if you got everybody that hates Ted Nugent and Alex Jones and the NRA and
Freedom in America, if you got all of them to take some truth serum and look in the camera
and admit how much mind altering substance abuse they've subjected themselves to for
how long, no one would be surprised that they are Timothy Leary run amok.
And that's what you can express to those kind of people.
When you have intentionally poisoned and destroyed your brain, you can come out with a video
like Jim Carrey has.
Well, let me throw this at you briefly and then get into all those other topics we talked
about during the break.
Again, Ted Nugent's our guest.
If you just tuned in and he's on fire today after they've tried to desecrate and demonize
Charlton Heston, I believe it will blow up in their face.
Buzz Bissinger was on the Piers Morgan show a few days after I was on there and he said,
you know, we ought to get him in here and shoot him.
And then the ambassador's daughter, Huntsman's daughter and Morgan agree and say, yeah, I'll
put on a police uniform and they fetishize that real creepy and we'll shoot Alex Jones.
And then Buzz Bissinger has now come out and admitted he likes to buy $600,000 a year of
women's clothing.
And I mean, my whole issue is what is the point of this?
I mean, you know, this guy is, if I said, kill him, which I'm not, I mean, that's like
going out in the yard and stepping on dog crap.
If I said, kill him, I would be arrested.
He said, kill me.
And then it's a joke.
These people fetishize killing us and they're constantly talking about killing constitutionalist.
There's you know, there's so many examples of this with people like Alec Baldwin, you
name it.
That's why our instincts, you know, and again, if we go back to what made America great,
we didn't meet the British punks at Concord Bridge to make them T and F have a discussion.
We blew their brains out.
That's how you stop tyrants.
That's how you stop King George.
That's how you stop despots and emperors and punks that want to control your life and
oppress freedom.
You meet them at Concord Bridge and you blow their damn brains out.
That's what we did in 1776 because we'd about had enough.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning
needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold and weapons.
But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria,
viruses, moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long term shelf life, making it
the number one choice of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com.
Use the promo code prepared for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
A little over a year ago, I began to do a lot of research into why even if I had a pretty
good sized meal that I was still starving.
And my research led me to a well-known fact that most of the soils that we grow our crops
on here in the United States and across the industrialized world are almost completely
depleted of almost all of the key minerals and trace elements that our bodies need to
rebuild themselves, fight off cancer and be healthy.
I then searched out the best vitamin and mineral company out there and discovered Youngchevity.
The Youngchevity products are designed to give you the real nutrition you need.
And once you've got that, you don't have to eat as much to be satisfied.
I've lost 37 pounds in two months simply getting the vitamins and minerals I need.
Check it out for yourself.
It's incredible.
Go to Infowarsteam.com today and order your first canister of Beyond Tangy Tangerine complete
multivitamin mineral complex dietary supplement.
That's Infowarsteam.com.
Introducing Pro Wine, all of your filtration in one system, portable on the go.
No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolicic
acid.
Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one
filter element.
It is the only one that does it.
And out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolicic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro Pure with the new Pro 1 filters today at Infowarsetour.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Atlantic Coast, direct from Austin.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
Monday through Friday from 11 a.m. until 2 p.m. central, we're here live also on XM 166
and over 150 AM and FM affiliates.
I'm Alex Jones, your host.
The websites are Infowars.com and Infowarsnews.com where we have Infowars Nightly News, Ted Nugent
dot com is an amazing website and has a lot of just really cutting edge information on
it when it comes to the fight for liberty.
And you were talking about the fact this is a war.
Ted Nugent.
When you made that statement on Piers Morgan, I've seen the transcript.
All I can say is duh, hello, self-evident, true to common sense and history is not up
for discussion.
It is what it is.
But now in the culture war, it is important that we let them talk.
We let them threaten our lives.
We let them call the greatest, maybe one of the greatest heroes of the civil rights movement
next to Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and others that sacrificed so much, the freedom marchers
and so many.
Charlton Heston is the most revered and earned reputation, icon and hero, Alex.
So let Jim Carrey show his evil side, let Jim Carrey lie, his entire video is a lie.
And these punks like Bill Maher cannot separate their humor license, their creative humor
license from the respect due to a great man like Charlton Heston.
So it's good that they take the bait, but we, the people who still understand the foundation
of the greatest quality of life in the history of the world is outlined in the Bill of Rights
and the U.S. Constitution, Declaration of Independence, the Ten Commandments, the Golden
Rule, those of us that are in the asset column of America, we still are running short of
our responsibilities to educate, inspire, and prod everyone in our lives.
There's an enormous army that could have won this last election, Alex, if all of us that
knew the truth and knew the evidence, if we shared it and we asked and we really pushed
harder to get our friends to join the NRA, to communicate with their elected officials
and to speak up, there's still too many sheep in America and the sheep dogs need to educate
them so we can reduce the wolves.
You're right, and in closing on the point of Charlton Heston before we get into solutions,
so many people that support liberty are just quiet and they're sitting back and they're
waiting if the system pushes too much.
And as Andrew Jackson said, don't fire until you see the whites of their eyes.
You know, I understand the point of let the enemy run amok.
That's what's discrediting.
Polls show that people are more pro-gun now than they were just six months ago.
There's a new CBS poll out there, very upset that their whole hoax has failed, but at the
same time, they've still got control of the government and the bureaucracy because they
crave the control.
How do we really get on the offense as individuals?
I say go to city councils.
I say get in the face of police chiefs that are anti-gun.
I mean, my own police chief in Austin says, you know, turn in your semi-autos, ban high
capacity clips, ban gun shows, you can't buy your son a gun, no private sales.
You don't need a semi-auto to protect yourself.
Well, then how about the Austin police, who I know most of them are good people, how about
you turn in your semi-autos?
What a load of bull.
What do you say to that?
Well, he's obviously the illegitimate stepchild of Ann Richards, but that still exists.
I mean, Sheila Jackson Lee is alive and well in Texas, so we've got anti-freedom.
We got hypocrites because I guarantee that chief of police has a semi-auto to protect
his family.
Alex, are you kidding me?
Well, again, it's communication.
I've been doing this forever.
I think I was one of the first guys to find myself face to face with the whites of their
eyes in the culture war back in the 1960s because the tip of that spear has always been
gun rights and hunting rights, private property, hunting, conservation.
We the people own those resources, not the king.
So I got to tell you, I'm going to put out a salute right now to Ranger Tess and Go-Kart
and Steve and so many guys that might talk about blood trails.
I have thousands and thousands of people, not just from the United States, but Canada,
Japan, Australia, Germany, England, Belgium, Sweden.
I mean, people from all around the world will dream of, who crave and have the instinct
to be independent and free.
They come to Ted Nugent.com talkback and a salute to them because for every talkback
that you and I communicate with, they need to communicate with another dozen and those
dozen need to communicate with another dozen.
That's how we win this culture war.
We have not turned up the heat.
We have not got aggressive enough, but we always have to be on the civil, polite, goodwill
and decency side and let the Jim Carries spew their venom, let them expose themselves for
the haters and the freedom haters and the America haters that they are.
And if we remain civil with the stats and statistics and evidence at our fingertips
and at the tip of our tongue, Alex, we will win.
That's why I salute you.
That's what you're doing and everybody listening, they don't need to call Alex and say thank
you.
They need to call everybody else in their lives and get them going.
You're right.
Let's get into solutions.
Talk about, because you got caught up on the break, the DHS situation, it's admitting there's
an arm build up that they're trying to create this new domestic security force pointed at
the American people.
But then I want to hear about the Delta Force and SEALs and people you know, you were telling
me off air how incredibly awake they're getting.
And then let's talk about, let's talk about solutions, the gun culture they're so afraid
of that spreading, going and literally getting somebody into guns that one person after another,
that's how we're truly going to win.
And you see it happening all across this country.
Yeah.
It's like your chief of police in Austin, isn't it?
Isn't that a heartbreaker that a Texas law enforcement officer sides with Nancy Pelosi?
I mean, are you kidding me?
What do you do?
He hit the wall of the Alamo like Ozzy Osbourne?
I'm just heartbroken because I know a bunch of those Austin cops, but here's the final
overview.
I, you know, I'm a lucky guy.
I get to hang and barbecue and hunt and train with the greatest commando hero warriors that
ever lived.
I mean, I am so humbled, I'm surprised I can even grovel at their feet.
Delta Force, Navy SEALs, the special ops, the army rangers, SWAT commanders and heroes
of law enforcement and military all across this land.
I held the hand of Sergeant Todd Baldy, who happened to be from Austin, Alex.
I held his hand over in Iraq.
He took an RPG center mass, I'll try not to cry on your radio show here, a young black
man, 22 years old, RPG center mass, Alex, it was still in his guts.
I stood there in his blood and I held his hand as he died.
I don't need any more inspiration.
He died because he swore an oath, Mr. Chief of Police, to enforce, abide by and fight
for and die for the U.S. Constitution.
Do you think I need some punk, some dependent little whiny, soulless, doped up crybaby like
Jim Carrey to give me direction on constitutional and bill of rights, guaranteed God-given individual
rights?
So everybody close their eyes right now, unless you're driving, and think of Todd Baldy as
he bled to death and took his giant ugly RPG rocket right in the guts and he bled to death
fighting for freedom and going after terrorists who attack Americans because of their voodoo
ala puke Muslim insanity.
And if that's not worth inspiring you to join the NRA to communicate with your elected officials
and do your duty as we the people, then I don't think there's any hope for you and you're
probably out here just moved to Canada.
Well it really is disgusting that these people parade around.
In fact, since you mentioned that, and I want to talk about the tour and the culture war
having fun, that is the way to defeat them.
Obama says post-Assad Syria of Islamist extremism is nightmare scenario.
Obama in Libya, in Syria, I'm not saying Gaddafi or the guy in Syria are good guys, but they
weren't offensively doing anything.
They're putting real al-Qaeda out of Saudi Arabia over there and are now talking about
our troops having to go in after Assad falls to fight them.
I mean, what is going on with Obama openly funding real al-Qaeda?
I don't know if you've seen the videos of them chopping Christian's heads off in Syria.
I can't even believe this.
It's like some outer limits or some other dimension that it's in the news.
Obama warns Syria can become enclave from extremism?
Why is our government offensively with NATO now saying NATO is over our military?
Our military has spoken out against us by the way, I'm sure you know that.
What is going on with that?
Do you hear anything from your military sources about this craziness, the 10,000 missiles
from Benghazi?
Why did they kill the ambassador?
They stood down.
Mayan side sources that are in army intelligence say Obama wanted him dead.
It was the Benghazi security force that was al-Qaeda that came over and killed him.
Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers.
The prognosis for the entire planetary economic system runs from bad to worse.
The globalist model is to shut down societies and starve patriots out until they acquiesce
to the global takeover.
That's why we've assembled the most vital and important preparedness items at Infowarsshop.com.
These are items that I did research on that I personally use.
We've got the LifeStraw so you can turn fetid water into safe water anywhere you go.
The Ktor hand crank generator to charge up key equipment during power outages or out
in the field.
Strategic Relocation, third edition by Joel Skousen.
When disaster strikes by Matthew Stein.
TheraSafe used by Homeland Security to protect yourself during any radiological event.
Hand crank shortwave AM-FM radios.
Everything that we've researched and found to be the best is available at Infowarsshop.com
and your purchase makes our Infowarshop possible.
We're getting prepared.
Are you?
Infowarsshop.com.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Bend Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning
needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms, but if you don't have a home security
system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe.
It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit, or shed.
Getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no
need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day.
If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better.
You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared.
For years, we've told you about our friends at eFoods Direct.
They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food on the planet.
This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight.
A long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing
you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from eFoods Direct.
Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping
on all food supplies.
Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared.
Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
Coast to coast, direct from Austin.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
I mean, boy, where do you begin to answer that question?
Here's a guy that was born to communists, raised by communists, educated by communists,
preached to by America-hating communists.
I mean, who hasn't studied where this acorn Chicago gangster scammer came from?
But that's what I was talking about, the Department of Homeland Security, which, by the way, Alex,
you're on the phone with desire of Homeland Security, my homeland is secure.
You know that.
But the domestic agencies from the IRS to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife to the Bureau of
Land Management, U.S. Forest Service and DEA and ATF and FBI and remember, a lot of those
people, I still think the majority of those agents are great patriots and great men and
women.
And I hang the future of America on the nail of truth that they have expressed to me that
they will not enforce illegal anti-constitutional orders from above.
That is the great hope.
But that they're purchasing all this firepower and armored vehicles, who doesn't know this?
Who doesn't identify this as an illegal act by the government who is so corrupt, so out
of control?
And thank God for Ted Cruz and Rand Paul and Ron Paul and Governor Perry and Greg Abbott
and Steve Stockman and Bill Flores and so many patriots that are standing up, but that's
the new GOP that we the people have prodded with the we the people pulse.
When you extract the we the people pulse from politics, you will get we the people.
I give you Barack Hussein Obama.
I think they're gearing up.
What do you think is going on with the bullets?
Are they trying to just dry up the bullet supply?
Well, they certainly have succeeded.
I started my own Ted Nugent line of ammo here last year, and it's like everything else you
find on the shelf nowadays, if you can find any, it's state of the art stuff.
But we literally can't get my pallets of ammo off the truck.
People are buying them in the parking lot before they even get to the shelves, which
you know, on a consumer side, I'm gleeful of in the ammo industry, the firearms industry
is literally having a consumer orgy like never before, which is a very powerful statement
from we the people that we smell what you're doing, Obama, and we're gearing up too.
And a little don't tread on me reminder seems to be appropriate right now.
So there's no question what's going on, the deceit, the scam, the criminality, the Benghazi,
the Fast and Furious, sending F-16s to Egypt.
I mean, you've got to be kidding me.
This would make a stupid birds movie that Alfred Hitchcock wouldn't produce because
it's too stupid, but it's actually happening.
But that's what frustrates me.
That's why I got so sick.
I'm going to be honest.
I came in last night from work, you know, being an evil American, I got home about nine
and she said, what is wrong with you?
And I just my kids all came up and they were around me and 10 down to age five and what's
wrong, dad?
And I just said, I don't want to talk about it.
And then I couldn't I got so it was it was past anger.
It was the shame that we allow this scum to walk all over us and that and that this country
has allowed pathetic filth and authoritarians even call themselves liberal.
Thomas Jefferson was a liberal.
They're not liberals.
And it just made me reaffirm that I am going to redouble one hundred and ten percent.
And I'm coming after these people.
Now, what do you think about ways to go after legally and lawfully to go after Kerry and
all these globalists?
How do we really get aggressive boycott?
What do we do?
Well, you know, I have such a if you can bear with me, I literally have the answer, the
perfect answer.
Ted Cruz didn't sprout out of the ground and just show up.
I communicated with Texas, who cared, communicated with them, with them.
We enthused him.
We supported him.
Now he represents us.
And did you see the beauty, the perfection of we, the people when Ted Cruz tried?
We backed him.
We backed him.
So we take over.
And that's what even the Republican establishment is scared of real constitutional libertarian
campaign for liberty people.
Absolutely.
But that's why Ted Cruz so riled up because he represented the common sense pulse of logic,
freedom loving Americans.
And every state needs to do that.
And there's a lot of states that do do that.
Arizona, South Dakota, certainly Texas is the master of it.
Wisconsin has done great things with what they've done with Scott Walker up there.
And in his own way, even though Christie's only a solid two on the scale of 10, he sure
beats the negative eight of the past governors of that state in New Jersey.
But we the people, where we don't demand representation based on the Constitution and our common sense,
where we don't demand it, we will get the Pelosi's and the Feinstein's and the Bloomberg's
and the Cuomo's and the subhuman freedom haters that are infesting this corrupt government
right now.
So the answer is activism, activism, activism.
Always polite.
Exactly.
Always firm.
But never, ever give up.
Well, here's an example, DrudgeReport.com in the last year has been taking our stories
and putting them out about the billion bullets, the 1.6, the 2 billion, the armored vehicles.
And they just said it didn't exist, Politico and other White House fronts.
Now there's a 15 member congressional investigation starting.
Congressman, it's my duty to get to the bottom of massive DHS ammo buy.
It's now on Fox, CNN, everywhere.
They're being caught lying.
And there's an example of just taking action.
And the people talking to their Congress folks, we're now forcing this issue out.
And we can do that everywhere when we just move against them.
The deeper you get into this fight, it is not work, folks.
My problem is I am completely obsessed with it because I'm being assaulted.
I'm angry.
And I have an instinct to, it's like a fight, if somebody starts a fight, starts kicking
your butt.
When you start kicking their butt back, you wanna go ahead and put them all the way down
so they don't get back up.
I wanna really get on the offense and really go after them.
And if everybody would join state and national gun groups like the NRA and others, if everybody
would go to their state houses and get aggressive, we would route these people.
In fact, Ted Nugent in closing, you're talking about winning and also having fun.
Don't you think that they've jumped the shark here?
And that if we double down, we can actually have an offense that could really once and
for all defeat the collectivist?
Yeah, it almost took, in fact, not almost, it has taken this extreme attack on our individual
freedoms by Barack Obama and all his gangster punk friends out there to wake a lot of Americans
up buying more firearms, more ammo than ever in recorded history of planet Earth.
That's a great sign.
But don't underestimate the importance, I use the term cleanse my soul, Alex.
I get up in the tree with my bow and arrow, I train with these heroes of the military
that have sacrificed their arms and their legs and we shoot machine guns from helicopters
and kill hogs and we barbecue and we fish, so never underestimate the importance of getting
away from the battle as long as you've done the battle to the best of your ability and
signed up new members of the NRA, Gun Owners of America, you've communicated with your
elected officials and you've kind of educated slash chastised your friends who are not engaged.
But then get out with your family, invite some new shooters, take that.22 with ears
and eyes and hearing protection and eye protection and introduce some new shooters.
I've attended camp for kids charity for 25 years and we've graduated over 15,000 young
Americans into the shooting sports for safe proper gun handling that drives the enemy
berserk.
That's how you blend your soul while you're winning the war, having the time of your life.
Now you're right, we all need to fight hard and then play hard.
The Black Power Tour in closing, tell us about that, that really upset the system that your
inspiration was black rock and rollers.
It also upsets them that Charlton Heston was such a humanitarian in the civil rights movement.
Well, all the good music in the world comes from black artists, from the Howlin' Wolf
and Muddy Waters and Bo Diddley and Chuck Berry and Little Richard and James Brown and
Wilson Pickett and Sam and Dave and the Motown Funk Brothers.
So my incredible band, the greatest rock and roll rhythm and blues band in the world, Greg
Smith and Mick Brown and Derek St. Holmes, we're hitting the road this year starting
next month with REO and Stix and we're going out all summer before the hunting season starts.
But we're going to play a tribute, as we always have for 50 years, to those black American
heroes that have inspired every piece of killer music in the history of mankind.
And it's called Black Power because the black artists showed us the way musically and emotionally
and that spirit and the uppity ferocity, so we should take that and use it.
You can use Stranglehold as the ultimate soundtrack for freedom and defiance.
And I want to thank everybody for making our Spirit of the Wild show the number one show
on Outdoor Channel and our Wanted Ted or Alive show the number one show on Sportsman Channel.
But I'm keeping at it, I'm turning up the heat, and we need to get more aggressive and
we need to win this culture war ASAP.
Well look at how all these hit shows on Discovery, they're trying to cancel them, even though
they're hits because they know we're winning the culture war, I see this whole attack as
desperate flailing.
It is desperate flailing, but that's going to backfire on them.
Jim Carrey's going to backfire, Michael Moore's backfiring, I believe Nancy you don't need
to read this, you need to sign it, Pelosi is a backfire in itself.
So we need to take advantage of the indecency, the heat from the other side.
We need to express it, always express it calmly, if you're going to call your senator, have
a piece of paper with the main two points you want to make.
Absolutely, TedNugent.com, Ted, thank you for giving such an eloquent defense of Charlton
Heston, not that he needed it, you're right, but God bless you and we'll talk to you again
very soon, folks, Ted Nugent.
Godspeed, Alex.
You too, goodbye, we'll be right back, stay with us, that was Ted Nugent.
I had tried everything, I'd cut back the amount of food I was eating, I was lifting weights
and jogging, but nothing was working.
My body was literally starving for minerals and trace elements, as well as key vitamins
and as soon as I had that, I immediately could eat half of what I was eating previously and
be satisfied.
Now, there are hundreds of great products at Infowarsteam.com, but I want to point out
the three that have helped me lose 37 pounds in just two months.
Products like Beyond Tangy Tangerine, Holland Burst and Rebound.
When I started taking the Tangy Tangerine and other products every day, I lost more
than 37 pounds in just two months, now that's results.
I want to challenge my listeners to go to Infowarsteam.com and to order just three of
their products, and you will see the changes in the way you look, feel, and in your appetite
almost immediately.
Start your journey to health and wellness today, Infowarsteam.com.
Introducing Pro One, all of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go.
No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolicic
acid, advanced manufacturing technology combined silver impregnated white ceramic with new
aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one
filter element.
It is the only one that does it, and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off
with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia, and chlorine, hydrofluorosolicic acid, the most common form of fluoride not
covered by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro Pure with the new Pro One filter today at Infowarsetour.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Coast to coast, direct from Austin, you're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
From the front lines of the information war, it's Alex Jones.
Well, I tell you, that last hour was the opposite of blood pumping nuclear powered brain damage.
That was blood pumping nuclear powered liberty with the crazed rocker and defender of the
second amendment, the liberty teeth, good old Ted Nugent.
Now, I will be back live next week on the Sunday show and throughout the week, but I
mean, it is Easter and the crew is pointing out, you know, it is Easter and that little
bunny rabbit hops around laying eggs, so can we have off?
And so yes, this is a retransmission obviously.
Coming up, Larry Elder, a lot of you missed this interview, very powerful dealing with
how they try to create racial division, and John Rappaport, how they're now drugging people
with mind control drugs that get them ready to quote, tell the truth in trial.
So maybe we'll just waterboard you now up during the trial and the prosecutor will be
the one who actually waterboards you.
We'll go back to the Spanish inquisition, dun, dun, dun, that's a Monty Python illusion,
but it was actually a very serious thing.
And then maybe they'll just waterboard you, but they used to waterboard you down to the
bottom of the castle, down to the dungeon, and they kind of walk you back up to the top
and then you would say that you were guilty of everything.
So let's just dispense with all the waterboarding now, I love world government, it's very reasonable
and even though they admit Aspartame gives you diabetes and kills you, I love Bill Gates
and think he's a good person and everybody should drink more Aspartame.
I'm no longer a conspiracy theorist, I embrace total tyranny and simultaneously say it doesn't
exist with Crimestop 1984.
Okay, to come up in a minute is a little piece I did a few years ago, but it hadn't gotten
the traffic it deserves.
It's the two-party dictatorship, two minutes long, very, very powerful, and so I hope that
all of you get this information out to people who are in the two-party system.
Lastly, this is the last day, but they may extend it into tomorrow, just get your call
in today, the free shipping efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex is where you find it, only
does one time a year.
Give efoodsdirect.com a call because the biggest cost of high-quality storeable foods is the
shipping.
And so this is a big deal they do once a year, 800-409-5633, 800-409-5633, and yeah, they're
a great sponsor and help buy war bonds to get the info war out.
So 800-409-5633, and I know they are going to remove it by tomorrow, in fact, they really
in their specials when they in, so get your call in tonight, 800-409-5633 or efoodsdirect.com
forward slash Alex.
And they also got a free meal planning deal with six free meals and a free planning CD,
it's really great to get, so get those while you're at it, 800-409-5633 or efoodsdirect.com
forward slash Alex.
Here it is on Easter, the left-right paradigm, explain, the two-party dictatorship, explain.
I wanted to draw a picture that describes effectively the false left-right paradigm.
The Republican Party props up the Democratic Party and the Democratic Party props up the
Republican Party.
By itself, a single-party system will fall over, but if you take the two-party systems
and you lean them up against each other, this is basically the arch, their force going together,
keeps them together and makes it become a very strong, stable platform on which they
can build their hierarchical new world order system.
So the current two-party system has been dominated and bought up and controlled by the elite
that sits atop it.
Now, the elite with a one-party system would not be balanced on top of one party, they
would be subject to being toppled, but you put the two parties up against each other,
they form a royal arch, and now it's very hard to separate those two because they're
leaning up against each other.
And so Republicans attack Barack Obama, and then the Democrats attack John McCain, and
then the population who's down here is trained to see John McCain as representing them personally,
as being their daddy, of where their personal power comes from, of their camp, their brand
name, their brand of soda, and so this is a controlled paradigm.
And really it's one unit supporting themselves and containing revolution, so that the people
who were down here never learned that there is a world outside of this controlled paradigm.
We are locked within the left-right paradigm, and then it becomes this huge pageant, this
huge distraction where we analyze every facet of the two political parties, never realizing
they themselves are simply a front or puppets for a larger power structure.
And then they can limit the scope of differences, which if you look at it, there's almost no
difference between the two, instead of getting the people to look outside the box at the
wider world.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons, but how will these items
help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria,
viruses, moles, and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it
the number one choice of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com.
Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
Crashing through the lies and disinformation, it's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Monday through Friday from 11 AM until 2 PM Central Standard Time, we are here live.
We've had Larry Elder scheduled, we're trying to connect with him on Skype, we'll see if
that happens.
Very interesting individual, of course, radio host there in Los Angeles, and his views on
Obama and where all this is going.
But I'll tell you this, the power structure is pulling out all the stops now to just confuse
reality.
And our answer is to get real, to get serious, and go all the way.
And by going all the way, we've gotten in this position because the establishment says
be mealy-mouthed, don't be aggressive, compromise, that's how you're successful.
And during the sellout of America, some people could be successful for a time doing that.
But now we're getting down to the end game, folks.
You've got to realize this is a very bad place we're going to, and you cannot imagine that
you're part of the power structure.
You cannot imagine that and get out of all this because you're not part of the power
structure.
I mean, look at this, citizens tell gun grabbers you are coloring outside the lines of constitutional
parameters.
They're suing New York that they can't bar the Second Amendment.
So you get back on the offensive.
Now 15 members of Congress are saying we want to see why you're buying thousands of armored
vehicles and billions of bullets.
It's happening.
Fast and Furious is getting back out there.
And again, we're in deep trouble because both political parties to a great extent are bought
and paid for by crony capitalist interests that want to use socialism at the grassroots
to control us and crony capitalism on the top of the system to absolutely, totally,
and completely get everybody domesticated.
And I just don't want to live under this.
Very exciting.
I've never had this guy on.
Or maybe I did many years ago.
It seems I did.
You know, it all blurs together.
We're doing radio six days a week.
But he, of course, is one of the most popular talk show hosts out in California.
And I'm thinking sometimes he's been syndicated again.
I don't have time to follow a lot of media outside of what we do and what the establishment
throws at us.
But he's hosted Larry Elder's show for more than 15 years.
That's right.
Nationally syndicated.
And every time I see clips of him, it's always just extremely informative.
And he's been on everything from Oprah to you name it, Larry Elder dot com.
And I'm very, very excited to have him on the broadcast with us to talk about the state
of the world and how crazy everything's gotten and what he expects the collectivist to do.
I see him trying to play us off against each other as much as they can desperately so that
we don't get together and unify around the Bill of Rights and Constitution.
Larry, it's good to have you on with us.
Thanks for spending time.
Thank you so much for having me.
It's an honor.
It's an honor to have you.
Well, so much so much is going on out there in the world.
What is front and center on your radar screen?
Well, Alex, as I was trying to tell Mr. Piss Morgan when I was on there a couple of weeks
ago, if you really want to talk about gun violence in America, the face of gun violence
as horrific as Sandy Hook was, it's not the face of some suburban kid.
A kid is more likely to be struck by lightning, Alex, and to be killed in the school shooting.
The face of gun violence in this country is a 15-year-old girl who performed at Obama's
inauguration who was killed by one of those to whom it made concerned gang-related bullets.
It's a six-year-old Latina girl who was sitting on her porch one night in March last year,
Alex, one of five people to be killed in that hour in Chicago.
Chicago is a city right now which is on track for two Sandy Hooks per month.
If you look at the demographics of Chicago, the city is roughly a third black, a third
white, and a third Hispanic.
However, the homicides, 70% of them are committed by black people and usually the victim is
almost always another black person.
Take New York.
New York is demographically about 46% or so white, about 17 to 20% Hispanic, about that
same number of blacks.
However, according to Police Commissioner Kelly, 96% of the homicides are committed
by black and brown people, almost always, Alex, the victim is another black or brown
person.
Now, the question is why this is going on.
We have a couple of possible suspects.
One is racism.
The problem with that is during Jim Crow, when we had not only de facto segregation,
we had legal segregation, you didn't find this kind of criminality coming from the black
community.
What about racism?
During the Great Depression, 50% of the black adults were unemployed, 50%.
You did not find this kind of criminality, 70% today of black kids are born outside of
wedlock.
That is triple the number back in 1965.
Today, 50% of Hispanic kids are born outside of wedlock, about 35% of white kids.
Now, I mention that because it's a direct relationship between not having a father in
the house and fill in the blank of your favorite social ill, whether it's dropouts, whether
it's unemployment, whether it's, yes, gun homicide, a direct relationship between not
having a father in the house and bad behavior.
And we've incentivized people into having children without getting married because we've
given people money after the so-called War on Poverty was launched.
Lyndon Johnson and Alex literally sent poverty workers going door to door in inner city households,
letting women know of their so-called rights to welfare, provided there was no man in the
house.
So from 1965, the percentage of black kids born outside of wedlock has tripled as we
spent $16 trillion on so-called poverty programs.
We've incentivized people into making bad decisions.
We've allowed women to get food stamps, AFDC, you name it, a woman with two children living
on welfare is making more money than she would if he had a minimum wage job, and we've allowed
the man to abandon his financial and moral responsibility.
Bill Cosby calls such men unwed fathers.
That's what we've done for the last 50 years.
And the left can't come to the conclusion, my Lord, what have I done?
So they got to blame racism, sexism, and yes, high capacity magazines.
Well, absolutely.
I saw you as one of our reporters who interviewed a few weeks ago, David Ortiz, and that's why
I wanted, Ortiz wanted to get you on to expand on all of this because it's so crazy that
now you say, I don't want socialist healthcare, racist.
I don't want to have all of this corporate welfare racist.
I want my second amendment and then the Fox columnist and others say, well, that's racist.
And I go, explain to me how it's racist and they go, I'm not going to, I'm going to throw
that out to distract the whole debate.
And then I go back to Margaret Sanger who said, look at these black communities, they're
becoming wealthy, they're self-sufficient.
We're not going to integrate to bring real equality, we're going to integrate so we can
get rid of these weeds.
We've got to oppose as liberals.
Are you familiar?
I mean, you're pretty smart and obviously informed guy, but most people aren't that
I talked to of her writings and stuff and that I don't think the left actually did this
on accident.
A lot of bleeding hearts actually think it's good and actually want to help people.
But the higher ups, I mean, the democratic party was the Ku Klux Klan party, but when
they couldn't suppress blacks anymore of the 20s and 30s, they became the Democrats.
The history of the democratic party has been completely skanky.
Members of the democratic party formed the Klan.
The Klan used to be called the terror wing of the democratic party, and you're right
about Margaret Sanger.
She was a proponent of eugenics.
She believed that people were socially undesirable and they were usually poor, young black women.
And I've written a book about this called Dear Father, Dear Son, Two Lives, Eight Hours
where I talk about the importance of fathers, and one of the things I try and do, Alex,
is use sources that people can't impeach.
I could use the Heritage Foundation, they've done all sorts of studies showing the lack
of fathers and all the social ill that I mentioned.
Charles Murray wrote a wonderful book called Losing Ground, arguably the most important
book about the devastation to the nuclear intact family by the welfare state that's
been written the last 50 years.
So I use people like that well-known neo-Khan Tupac Shakur.
After he died, Alex, there was a documentary that came out called Resurrection, and in
the documentary, he said, I know for a fact if I had had a father in my life, I would
have had some discipline and I would have been more confident.
A man needs to be raised by a man, and then he proceeded to explain why he joined gangs.
He wanted protection, he wanted structure, and he wanted values.
He's saying this, I'm not saying this, this is Tupac Shakur, and the only times had
a poll back in the 80s, and they asked poor people and non-poor people the following question.
Do you believe that young, poor women often have children to get additional welfare benefits?
The majority of non-poor people said no.
However, when poor people were asked the same question, do you believe that young, poor
women often have children to get additional benefits, 64% said yes.
So they're telling us we're just not listening.
And one time I had on my show one of these so-called black leaders, Kwasi Mfume, I haven't
been able to get Jackson or Farah Khan or Sharpton on my show in 20 years, but Kwasi
Mfume, when he was in the head of the NAACP came on, and to his credit, I asked him the
following question, Mr. Mfume, as between the presence of white racism, which you often
talk about, or the absence of black fathers, which in my opinion, you don't talk about
enough, which poses a bigger threat to the black community.
And without missing a beat, he said, the absence of fathers.
So they're telling us we're just not listening.
You are listening to an infowars.com frontline report.
If you are receiving this transmission, you are the resistance.
Extremism and defense of liberty is no vice.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company, Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning
needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your
arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe.
It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to getsimplisafe.com SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit or shed.
Getsimplisafe.com SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install
yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day.
If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better.
You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared.
For years, we've told you about our friends at eFoods Direct.
They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food on the planet.
This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight.
The long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing
you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from eFoods Direct.
Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping
on all food supplies.
Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared.
Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health.
At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection of
silver-based products.
Our most popular silver-based products are the 32-ounce Nano Silver Solutions.
Our 2-ounce Nano Silver Nasal Applicators as well as our all-natural Silver Soaps.
Just released is our 100% natural silver gel.
Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents which quickly evaporate and
leave the silver at the surface, but rather we have formulated our silver gel using the
natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the
skin while delivering the silver more effectively.
Visit www.SilverLungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver-based products
are best for you.
That's www.SilverLungs.com.
Coast to Coast, direct from Austin, you're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
You could accept the fact that this city is headed for a disaster of biblical proportions.
What do you mean biblical?
What do you mean this Old Testament, Mr. Mayor?
Real wrath of God type stuff, fire and brimstone coming down from the skies, rivers and seas
boiling, 40 years of darkness, earthquakes, volcanoes, the dead rising from the grave,
human sacrifice, dogs and cats living together, mass hysteria.
I have sworn upon the altar of God eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over
the mind of man.
Thomas Jefferson, live from Austin, Texas, broadcasting worldwide, it's Alex Jones.
Tell us some about your books because this is something that can be used, you know, the
knowledge you're laying out to empower people, and I think I'm going to read them other people
should as well.
Well, Alex, my book, Dear Father, Dear Son, is about my relationship with my own father,
which was not good.
My father was what I call a junkyard dog dad.
He was a Montford Point Marine.
They were the equivalent of the Tuskegee Airmen.
He was the first black Marine.
There were 20,000 of them that trained in North Carolina, so a rough, tough guy, and
I misunderstood his tough exterior for lack of love.
He beat us with a belt, with a telephone cord, not uncommon the way people were punished
in those days, especially if the adult came from the South.
But I just mistook that for lack of love, so when I'm 15 years old, my dad and I have
this furious fight, and we don't speak for 10 years.
And finally, I'm 25 years old, we sit down and we speak.
I figured the conversation would last 10 minutes.
It lasted eight hours, and during that period of time, I found out that the name Elder,
my last name, is the name of the boyfriend who was in his life the longest.
He never married his mother.
He was an alcoholic who beat my father and his mother.
My dad comes home from school, has a fight with the mother's then boyfriend, a different
man than Elder.
The mother sides with the boyfriend.
My dad is thrown out of the house, never to return.
We're talking about a black kid, Jim Crow's spouse, age of 13, a year or two before the
beginning of the Great Depression, Athens, Georgia.
And my dad never returned home, and despite all of his troubles, my dad always told my
brothers and me this, hard work wins, you get out of life what you put into it, no matter
how hard you work, bad things are going to happen, and how you respond to those bad things
will tell me whether or not your mother and I raised a man.
And I would always say, not too much pressure, Dad.
My point is this, he was around, he was a rough, tough, imperfect father, but he was
around.
And by word and by deed-
Exactly.
He taught me what it's like to be a dad.
Well, they say a dad's gotta be perfect, and you know what, your dad gets scared, you're
not doing what you're supposed to do, you're not listening, you're out of control.
I'll tell you, it's better to have brutal discipline than no discipline at all.
These kids are a wreck, so they end up in prison, they end up dead, and it's because
they've destroyed fathers in America that now what happened to the black community has
been done everywhere else, and it is destroying our civilization.
And Alex, the key is hard work.
The formula is very simple.
Graduate from high school, don't have a kid before you're 20 years old, and get married
before you have the kid.
James Q. Wilson said, anybody who follows that formula will not be poor.
If you fail to follow that formula, there's a good chance you are going to be poor.
So the question is, what are we doing to incentivize, or perhaps more importantly, what are we doing
to de-incentivize people into following that formula?
That's what's going on here.
And we know what works, Alex, because in 1996, Bill Clinton reluctantly signed the Welfare
Reform Act.
What happened?
Welfare rolls declined by over 50%.
So we know that a bunch of able-bodied and able-minded people were on the couch, they
got off after they realized the jig was up.
We need to continue that, and welfare needs to be done at the state and local level.
The federal government needs to get out of it altogether, and we need to encourage the
so-called thousand points of life.
There are a whole bunch of people in the community doing stuff, big brothers, big sisters.
I belong to an organization called, a place called Home, where I contribute money to an
organization that teaches people on computers, and that's a chance to do in the short run,
because there aren't fathers here.
You have to incentivize people to get into their communities, and to be mentors for these
young people, until we turn out the culture, which is changing policies, and letting people
know it is not a good idea to be an unwed father.
That's an expression that Bill Cosby has been using, my mother and my dad have been using
it.
Oh yeah, people think it's so cool to go get young women pregnant, and then just turn your
kids loose to be destroyed.
There's nothing more punkish than that.
And you know, when I mentioned Kwesi and Fume, this is a guy who turned his life around,
Alex.
This is a guy who had four or five kids by four or five different women, and then turned
his life around, and has been dedicating himself to trying to improve things in the black community.
The thing that really bothers me about some of these so-called black leaders, whether
it's Farrakhan, Jackson, or Sharpton, they all should know something about the importance
of fathers, because in their own lives, their fathers were either absent or bad dads.
Jackson's father was a married man who lived next door to his teenage mother, got her pregnant.
Jackson grew up in South Carolina with taunts, Jesse ain't got no daddy, Jesse ain't got
no daddy.
It bothered him.
In the case of Sharpton, Sharpton was middle class until his father abandoned the family,
then down to the ghetto.
In the case of Farrakhan, his mother was estranged from her husband, had a boyfriend, took back
up with the estranged husband, got pregnant, didn't want the boyfriend to know, so she
tried to abort Farrakhan with a coat hanger on several occasions.
Well, that's right, when you cheat on your wife, when you cheat on your wife, folks,
you're really cheating on your kids.
I mean, I mean, that's the bottom line.
People think it's so cool to cheat, they think it's really sexy, really fun, I'm not judging
people that have done it, we're human stuff goes, but the point is, it's certainly not
something to be proud of.
The, the, one of the greatest expressions I've ever heard about this, Alex, is the best
thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother.
Because when these kids get into the streets, Alex, with no father, they're thin skinned,
they're angry, they resent adults, they have no idea on how to resolve disputes in an intelligent
way without profanity and without violence.
That's one of the many things you see when you have an adult relationship in your house
with your mother and your father.
You're watching adults resolve disputes, you're watching a guy get up and go to work when
he doesn't feel like it, that's what you don't see, hard work wins, and we're discouraging
that with our welfare state and by incentivizing people into making bad moral decisions.
Now, it was, who was the football coach that said, winners never quit and quitters never
win?
Sounds like something Lombardi would say.
That's who said it, yeah.
It's so true though, I mean, I go down to demonstrations and things and we'll have communists
and socialists down there and I'll walk up and they'll go, oh, look, it's a capitalist.
And I look at them and I'm like, look, I mean, you really think communism is better than
what a free market and freedom creates?
I said, look at what communism does and they just laugh.
I mean, they really think that when they collapse America into communism, they're gonna have
some great time.
I mean, they're just idiots, they're just idiots, they're just morons, they have no
idea what they're doing.
Well, you know, in 1900 at all three levels, Alex, government took about 7% of the nation's
income.
Right now, when you put a monetary value on so-called unfunded mandates, we're talking
about federal, state, and local taking over 40% of the people's income.
One of the reasons America has been so great is that we trusted our people with our own
money and with our own time.
We no longer do that.
We've got a president who's now added a fourth leg to our welfare state.
We've got social security, Medicare, and Medicaid, and now Obamacare.
Until and unless we reverse that, we're gonna still under-produce.
2% sucks as GDP.
We should be rocket enrolling at 4% and 4% and 5%.
We should be creating 3, 4, and 500,000 jobs per month, the way we did at this juncture
during the Ronald Reagan recovery.
This is the worst recovery since the Great Depression.
It's because of these policies.
Well, it's not a recovery.
I mean, that's even a hoax.
Well, even, yeah, you're right, that last quarter we had negative growth, although they
revised it up a little bit.
This is just awful, and you look at the percentage of people, able-bodied people, who've just
given up the labor force participation rate is what we ought to be looking at.
Well, I think a lot of, I know a lot of hardworking people that are giving up because they're
sick of watching lazy people sit around and live off them, but then that's what happens
in any socialist society.
Finally, the people working three jobs give up, and man, then things really get bad.
Well, that's what Mitt Romney was talking about with the 47%.
People weren't listening.
Once you get to a point where over 50% of the voters are not paying federal income taxes,
they can march in there and pull the lever for a raise on somebody else's dime, we are
in deep, deep- Well, yeah, they spun it that he didn't care
about the other percent.
No, he was saying, they're not listening to me.
They're on the government payroll.
They don't care.
They don't care.
Well, you mentioned how they spin it, and that really is a deeper problem.
When everybody talks to me about the post-mortem, what Mitt Romney could have done and could
have done this, could have done that, there's plenty of things he could have done and could
have said that might have made him win, but you have to go to the main, what I call the
main screen media, Alex.
All these people, ABC, NBC, CBS, I call it MSNBC, he-haul, virtually every-
They all distort everything.
Stay there.
Wow, this is amazing.
Larry Elder is a really interesting person.
We've got to have him have him on for a full hour soon.
We'll come right back with a conclusion with Larry Elder straight ahead.
Visit his website, LarryElder.com.
Introducing Pro1, all of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go.
No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolicic
acid.
Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one
filter element.
It is the only one that does it, and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off
with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolicic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro Pure with the new Pro1 filters today at Infowarsstore.com, or by calling
1-888-253-3139.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons, but how will these items
help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria,
viruses, moles, and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it
the number one choice of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to SupernaturalSilver.com.
Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day.
If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better.
You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared.
For years, we've told you about our friends at eFoods Direct.
They have the best-tasting, long-term, storable food on the planet.
This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight.
Long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing
you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from eFoods Direct.
Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping
on all food supplies.
Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared.
Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms, but if you don't have a home security
system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out Simply Safe.
It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to GetSimplySafe.com.
Simply Safe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit, or shed.
GetSimplySafe.com.
Simply Safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no
need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but Simply Safe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com.
Coast to coast, direct from Austin.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
Crashing through the lies and disinformation, it's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Well, John Rappaport is a graduate of Amherst College, the BA in Philosophy, and has worked
on a freelance investigative reporter for 30 years, and again, he's worked for some
of the largest publications in the country in uninvestigated reporting, the Los Angeles
Times, you name it, and of course, he's also done investigations for international and
national television programs.
NoMoreFakeNews.com is his website, and he is a frequent guest to this broadcast.
But I saw the Denver Post and others last week engaged in unbelievable, off-the-chart,
gigantic mind control operations where they just calmly, and I'll pull up the headlines
for you in a moment, where they, if you're a TV viewer, I'll give the headlines out to
radio listeners so you can search it yourself.
Oh, judge to order homes to take truth serum during trial.
And they just report it like, oh, that's a good thing, thank God they're doing that.
Folks, that group, that family of drugs is what they use to put you into mind control.
I mean, that's even in movies like Conspiracy Theory about mind control with Mel Gibson.
I mean, even in Hollywood movies, people know that.
Sirhan Sirhan was put on amnesiac drugs.
That later came out.
Even the LAPD said that and said he didn't shoot him.
There have been court cases now proving there was CIA there when RFK got shot.
So this is so crazy that you've got him getting 30 plus thousand dollars, like 27,000 in one
check and 7,000, 8,000 in another, over 30,000 in DARPA, Department of Defense, Advanced
Research Laboratories, funding to him in a secret brain program that he'd been in since
high school.
I mean, he was brought in from high school into college programs.
Who's the smartest do they do that with in the testing?
And then here he is, been in college for years, everything's paid for with this grant.
And he's got an Air Force psychologist, psychiatrist, top level over him.
And then they report multiple smoke bombs and multiple shooters.
He tells people in the jail, I was drugged, I was under mind control.
That came out in the local news.
And then they said, no, he wasn't around any prisoners, even though for weeks they'd reported
the first few days he was with those prisoners next door to him and now he was hissing and
screaming and yelling.
Now he's off the drugs, says he doesn't remember anything.
They're keeping him very sequestered and now they wanna drug him again to go back to being
the personality he was, the personality that thinks he did the shooting or may have done
the shooting or taken part in it.
I mean, ladies and gentlemen, they could take even a strong willed person like myself, they
could take you.
And they can, with shock therapy, LSD, PCP, peyote, halcyon, other amnesics, sodium pentothal,
they can make you chop your newborn baby up.
They can make you think you're another person.
They can make you who have the skills to be an opera singer.
I mean, they can program you, and again, it's in the MK Ultra, MK Naomi congressional hearings
of the 70s.
This has all come out, okay?
And I'm ranting, we're gonna go to John Rappaport, who's an expert on this, and he's written
the article, the CIA, James Holmes, MK Ultra, and truth serum torture.
But here's the psy-op on everybody, they're reporting, they're gonna drug him with mind
control drugs, three of them, we're gonna list them here, in public.
So this is the new thing, they're gonna not just drug you till you say you did something
in the jail without charging you as they've done in cases.
Some people in federal prison for ten years before trial, drugging them, saying they're
mentally ill, getting them ready for trial.
In the case of Dr. Sell, a dentist who they said did Medicare fraud, he fought it so they
just grabbed him and drugged him in Kansas City.
So imagine this, there's so many cases of this now where they're grabbing lawyers that
sue Williamson County, north of Austin, and so they go arrest the lawyer and commit him
for two years.
I mean, this is dangerous, ladies and gentlemen, and now they're out in the open going, yeah,
we're now gonna drug Americans for trial with mind control drugs.
This is now Gitmo going mainstream.
Now I'm ranting, I wanna go directly to John Rappaport, but it's just like they hide Obama
being the head of Al-Qaeda publicly and commanding Al-Qaeda.
And so we put the headline out, Obama now global head of Al-Qaeda.
That sounds crazy because it is absurdist.
You've gotta counter absurdist garbage by stating how absurdist it is, not processing
it and watering it down.
Now John, I'm ranting here, but what is your take on this being out in the open?
What does this signify?
Are they all gonna start publicly drugging us for trial so we say we did bad things?
Yeah, this is MK Ultra going mainstream, Alex, this is exactly that.
This is the old CIA program and the new CIA program.
This is, we're gonna drug you till you say what we want you to say.
And what most people don't realize about MK Ultra was, it started out one big part of
it as we're gonna find a truth drug, you know, this was back in the early 50s, they couldn't
find one.
In other words, these drugs don't work to make you tell the truth.
What they do is they destroy your mind or they terrify you to the point where you will
say what they want you to say.
That's the big difference.
And when they hit on LSD as the drug of choice, that's why they used it.
It wasn't a truth drug, it didn't make people tell the truth.
You don't download the truth out of somebody's mind with one of these drugs.
What you do is you either destroy their mind altogether, make them into a complete babbling
idiot, or you bring them to the point where they're so terrified because of the dosage
levels, you say to them, okay, you get the point now, do you want to have this again?
Or are you going to tell what we want you to tell?
And this is, of course, all science, this is all neurology, this is all psychiatry,
this is all the very best of the legal system.
This is the brutal, incredibly torturous, this is torture.
This is what MK culture was.
And now they're just mainstreaming it right out in the open.
Here's what's going to happen to James Holmes.
And we're going to call it a narco-analytic review.
So it all sounds very fancy and so forth.
And I'll tell you one other thing, Alex.
The hacks who are the psychiatrists at the Colorado State Mental System hospitals, they
don't know anything about this.
I mean, they're not the pros or the experts.
They're going to have to bring in pros from the agencies that really know how to work
these.
Oh, no, they're going to probably bring in his very handlers that ran the operation.
Exactly.
And CIA people will be there.
The people who have worked on this before.
No, I'm saying I bet it's going to be, that'll be the prime suspect.
I bet, look for who actually programmed him to be who the expert they send.
Listen, McVeigh had Jolyon West, number two under MK Ultra congressional hearings, admittedly
one of the fathers of modern mind control, assigned to him for the decade before they
executed him weekly from the time he was arrested to executed, Jolyon West was there.
Exactly.
And then as soon as McVeigh would get off the drugs, he'd tell people, no, I'm special
forces.
They set me up.
And that's exactly what sworn affidavits from three different people say.
Well, this is the same kind of thing.
You bring in the handler, you bring in the person who is controlling, just like in the
CIA, you know, I'm your case officer, so you report back to me.
So they're going to puff this guy up to the point where he's going to come back into court.
He's going to make some kind of bland statement like, yeah, I know I did it.
Yes, that's true.
I'm still, I still have problems.
And then they'll just warehouse this guy for the rest of his life and destroy his mind,
whether it's in prison or in a psych ward, it doesn't really matter.
That's what's going to happen.
This is unprecedented, though.
But the story, this is the cherry on top where they lied and said he was never around other
inmates when the inmates said multiple ones.
Yeah.
He said he was under mind control.
That came out in the Denver papers.
They went, oh, no, he was never around people, even though they'd all admitted he had been.
The fact that they're covering up the notebook, the fact that he's got this high level top
Air Force psychiatrist over him.
He's in a DARPA program.
I mean, how transparent does this have to be?
And now they're going to drug him with a mind, with several mind control drugs to make him
tell the truth.
I mean, this is like total mainlining of this.
Absolutely.
And of course, when he was arrested, you know, first you had the story that he was there
at the exit of the theater the night of the shooting.
And he just said, I did it or something like that.
And by the way, I've wired my entire apartment with explosives.
So don't go near it.
That was the first incredible, you know, bizarre story.
And that was so they could send in a special federal team to cover up the seven medications
that later still leaked.
See, they don't have everybody under their control.
But you see all the signs of the classic cover up right there.
There's no doubt in my mind now that Aurora was one hundred percent staged.
Most manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics
advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element.
It is the only one that does it.
And out of the gates, we have a discounted at 10 percent off with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine.
Hydrofluorosolic acid.
The most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium
hexafluorosilicate.
Get your pro pure with a new pro one filter today at info war store dot com or by calling
eight eight eight two five three three one three nine.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Bend Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
Because all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth friendly and safe.
See them on the web at five star soap dot com or call eight hundred three four zero
seven zero nine one for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning
needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at five star soap dot com or call eight hundred three four zero
seven zero nine one for a free catalog.
A little over a year ago, I began to do a lot of research into why even if I had a pretty
good sized meal, I was still starving.
And my research led me to a well-known fact that most of the soils that we grow our crops
on here in the United States and across the industrialized world are almost completely
depleted of almost all of the key minerals and trace elements that our bodies need to
rebuild themselves, fight off cancer and be healthy.
I then searched out the best vitamin and mineral company out there and discovered Young Jevity.
The Young Jevity products are designed to give you the real nutrition you need.
And once you've got that, you don't have to eat as much to be satisfied.
I've lost 37 pounds in two months simply getting the vitamins and minerals I need.
Check it out for yourself.
It's incredible.
Go to info wars team dot com today and order your first canister of Beyond Tangy Tangerine
complete multivitamin mineral complex dietary supplement that's info wars team dot com.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold and weapons.
But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria,
viruses, moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long term shelf life, making it
the number one choice of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com.
Use the promo code prepared for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
Coast to coast direct from Austin.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
He's the T. Rex of political talk.
Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Ladies and gentlemen, one reason I know that it's government psyops that is always running
around saying I work for the CIA and all this stuff is because whenever I admit that I've
had quite a bit of family that was in the CIA, they never attack that or go ferret into
that because that's operations.
That's connected to their system.
They don't want that looked at.
That's why they make up outlandish stuff about me because they don't want you to believe
there could be a real person standing up for liberty.
The info I'm giving you, I don't want you to trust me.
I want you to go look into it.
I want you to go find out that when we talk about mind control, that it's a real thing
and that once you know what it is, you see it going on and you catch them red handed.
And I've told a few of the CIA stories just from, I mean, anybody I know in my family,
they recruited heavily out of farming areas in Texas.
And I've talked to people or other family talks, people that were in the CIA, they were
almost all army officers, that's where they recruit from, who were combat veterans who
they then bring into it.
And all of the people in my family got out of it.
That's another lie that you don't get out of it.
That's pure bull, ladies and gentlemen.
And the point is, they won't ever even really talk much about it.
Just it's unspeakably horrible.
They run everything, the murder, the drugs, all of it.
One great uncle, it was basically, told my dad about it and then I asked about it a little
ways, I'm not getting into that, but yeah, was like, okay, you're an army officer, we're
sheep dipping you.
He'd been in the army for like 15 years, all over the world.
He said, we're now going to have you, this is your graduation, not as just a asset, but
as a officer, as a full blown CIA agent.
And it was dealing drugs and reportedly killing people in Chicago.
And he said, I'm not doing that and got out of it.
And I mean, listen, it's the same story with anybody that I've talked to.
And folks, cuz it's not like it's a big deal that they really wanted to recruit out of
some of the Alex Jones' relatives.
There's CIA everywhere.
It's like Jesse Ventura goes down on the first day at work, they go, somebody wants to talk
to you in the bottom of the Capitol.
He goes down there, there's 26, whatever it was, CIA people, there were little old ladies
and guys that looked like milkmen or beer men or whatever.
And they were CIA and wouldn't even say who they were, but it was national security.
It's giant, ladies and gentlemen, and there's like 15, 16 agencies and private merc groups
and it's so evil.
It is a mafia with mind control, and again, it works for the foreign banks.
And there's all these movies about the CIA loves you and the red, white and blue and
oh my gosh.
And they do have the light side that does the analyst stuff that they send in.
They send in the good guys are all like a joke.
They send them out on commando missions to be killed.
And again, they laugh at them.
And I've talked to Joel Skalzen, who's had those connections in family and stuff.
Same story, same deal.
Ladies and gentlemen, they get the most gung-ho, meanest people they can, and then they see,
are you evil, tough guy, or are you a nice, tough guy?
And the nice, tough guys are cannon fodder.
So I'm gonna warn everybody, if you're a police officer and they want you to work for the
feds and do bombing drills, they're gonna blow something up.
Maybe not your time, but down the road, they're gonna blow something up.
Say a cop did it to say the cops are terrorists.
Even the feds wanna have a purge of you.
If you're military, they want you to join an intelligence agency and infiltrate criminal
groups.
They're gonna burn you down the road and say, you do what we say and help load up these
toddlers on a C-130 ten years after you're into it.
Or we're gonna expose all your bank robberies and all your drug dealing.
I mean, that's all this is, is about compromising everybody, okay?
That's all this is.
And they're gonna destroy our culture because they're into it.
And I'm ranting, in this segment, the next, John Riverport, break down mind control.
You were getting into Jolyon West, his controller, Dr. Ewing Cameron.
What is admitted for people that don't know, so why we know James Holmes is under mind
control?
Go ahead.
Ewing Cameron, as I was starting to say before we went to the break, not only were they pulling
people off the street, but people were coming to him as patients.
You know, somebody walks into his office, here's a famous psychiatrist up in Canada.
I'm not feeling very well and I think I need some, oh, sure, whatever.
And all of a sudden, that person, you know, from anywhere, could be you, could be your
cousin, could be anybody, is now in a program where they're being put to sleep for 30 days
with heavy, heavy drugs, wakened in the middle of the night for electroshock treatments,
20 to 40 times higher than the usual torture of shock treatments.
Then they're gonna be listening to Ewing Cameron with these tapes saying over and over again
how he's creating a new personality.
And then they spit that out the other side.
New person, yeah, new person, totally destroyed, totally destroyed.
And of course, you can read about this because there were lawsuits eventually brought and
it was proven that Cameron was working on a contract via the CIA and they had to pay
out some pit and some money to these people.
But this was just one little pocket of what MK Ultra was all about, destroying people
totally to give them new synthetic personalities.
And again, they even have History Channel shows admitting it all.
And of course, it was also because they like to abuse kids.
That's really the cover, is the mind control and erasing their memories.
But expanding on that, you described how, yeah, not just kids off the street, wealthy
people will bring in their daughter who was depressed at age 10 because they describe
all the cases, thousands and thousands of something like 10,000 plus kids they know
about.
And they'd say, just commit her here, I'll make her perfect in a year.
And they'd go here, take our daughter, worshipping the psychiatrist cuz he's gone.
And they would literally electroshock, drug him, rape him, everything else.
And that couldn't be true, the doctor wouldn't do something like that.
And let me tie that in, Alex, with what happens in ordinary psychiatry, see, because people
have this false firewall that they build between MK Ultra and the CIA and psychiatry.
Just forget about that, erase that wall.
You're in a university, you're a student, you're feeling a little bit jittery, anxious
about exams, whatever.
You go in to see the psychologist, you get referred, and you're sitting in a psychiatrist's
office.
And then they give you a prescription for a drug.
And this is based on a story by Peter Breggin in his famous book Toxic Psychiatry.
This was a girl that he calls Roberta.
And she has some anxiety about dating, and so ends up, this drug, well, we don't think
that's the one, we'll give you this drug now.
And finally, they're putting her on serious, heavy anti-psychotic drugs.
And she gets to the point where she can no longer talk, function, this is a bright girl
from a decent home, went to college, hey, the American way.
She's mumbling, she can't move without tremoring, she's knocking her head against the wall all
the time, and eventually she comes to a general practitioner who says, this is all from the
drugs.
They destroyed her life, she's never gonna be the same.
And nobody's prosecuted, nobody's criticized, it's the psychiatrist who did this.
This could happen to any student on any campus at any university-
And let me tell you who it happened to in the early 1960s, it was a man named Ted Kaczynski.
You may have heard of him, the Unabomber.
And I believe they had him to cut out the whole time to put out that eugenics-based
report he put out as a publicity stunt.
But he, in the LA Times, Alexander Cockburn was the one who exposed it in the LA Times,
God rest his soul, recently passed, I believe I read that, double check that my memory fails.
The point is, he wrote about, it was declassified, Theodore Kaczynski was in the MK Ultra mind
control program.
He went in to a psychologist, psychiatrist, and they drugged him.
He disappeared into the program for years, comes out, but the media says there's no connection
to his Unabomber.
There, you don't just have MK Ultra shooters, you've got MK Ultra bombers.
That's right.
People disappear, they come back.
Yes, I was in this program, yes, I went to see a psychiatrist, this is what happened
and so on and so forth.
And the public doesn't want to believe this, you see, but this is what you have to look
at and understand.
And by the way, here's the headline, we're reaping tragic legacy from drugs.
The government LSD experiments to overuse of drugs like Ritalin, the consequences are
overwhelming and is that the one that's got the, yeah, there it is, Theodore Kaczynski
was in a CIA Harvard MK Ultra mind control experiments, LA Times, but I was saying double
check is, I think Alexander Cockburn passed recently.
I think I know he did, but I want to double check that.
Go ahead there, John.
Yeah, so you've got this kind of a program that spreads out tentacles all over the country.
And as I was saying in 1995, all of a sudden you had two women testifying before the president's
committee on radiation experiments saying, yeah, but that was just a small part of what
we were into since the time we were children.
We were basically tortured by army doctors, CIA doctors in a mind control program that
radiation was just a small part of.
And the idea was they wanted to make us into sex agents and assassins.
And this is taking place in a committee room in Washington DC before a panel and an audience
in the room and they get through testifying and the panel is absolutely silent.
And then one person says, well, thank you very much.
Next witness will please come up as if nothing ever happened.
And as these two witnesses walk back from testifying, people in the audience get up
and go over to them and say, thank God you said something because I was here to talk
about radiation too, but the same thing happened to me that happened to you.
You may be arrested and or subject to other police action.
Tyranny is here.
The grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality.
It really says that the state is God.
The United States is now recognized globally as one of the most impressive police states
on earth.
This film conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps now being
expanded nationwide.
This documentary exposes how the continuity of government program has established an all
powerful shadow state.
Police state four chronicles the sickening depths to which our republic has fallen.
Prepare to enter the secret of world war of emergency dictatorship, body scanners, sound
cameras, citizen spies, stage terror and cameras on every street corner.
It's only the beginning of the new world order's hellish plan.
The police state isn't coming.
It's here.
Secure your copy today at info wars.com or see it online in the highest quality at prison
planet dot TV.
