Big Brother, Mainstream Media, Government Cover-Ups. You want answers? Well so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Hard to believe it's Friday and this week went by really fast. It is the 15th day of March.
The Ides of March. That just clicked in my mind. You know the Romans always thought March was unlucky.
The month of Mars, the month of war. Well lucky to launch wars, but unlucky for leaders.
And Julius Caesar was stabbed to death in the Roman Senate by Brutus and his other confidants on this day more than 2,000 years ago.
And it is the Ides of March. Beware the Ides of March. There is a tide in the affairs of men when taken at the flood leads on to fortune.
And that of course is William Shakespeare's Julius Caesar. And what is the fortune I seek? I seek liberty and freedom and a future for my children and a future for your children.
Not because I'm some bleeding heart good guy even. I love humanity. I want us to survive.
I don't want to turn the world over to a bunch of mentally ill globalists that are so cravenly confident and are circling destroyed societies like giant buzzards.
I want to stop these people from wrecking society. I want to survive and thrive. And I believe that is our destiny if we take it by the horns.
Well, it's a big broadcast today. Larry Pratt joins us. I'll tell you about that. A lot of breaking news. The whole rundown on the attack on the Second Amendment.
Where we are, a battlefield projection analysis, full spectrum, three dimensional breakdown, top down from the state, federal to the international level.
It is March. They're trying to ram through the UN treaty right now. The enemy has now shown themselves how they're planning to get our guns in the next phase.
We're going to be breaking that down. And then Joel Skousen, who really is very intelligent and extremely informed, in my view, when it comes to geopolitical power structures and the three different power groupings worldwide that are also interlocked at certain levels, but also stab each other in the backs.
We're going to be getting him on the breakdown. Iran, but more importantly, North Korea, says prepares to strike. Kim Jong Un supervises live artillery drill as inflammatory threats continue.
And of course, if you don't know who Kim Jong Un is, he's the cartoon character joke, third generational dictator, who a year ago when his dad died was a wide eyed little 20 something year old kid from Switzerland at the boarding school.
He'd been at the last 20 years. And if you expand on that now, now Kim Jong Un in just a year in power has a craven look in his face, completely insane, running around saying, nuke everyone, I'm all powerful, because he's surrounded by a bunch of people drunk on the blood of their fellow humans.
And so I have said that, you know, I'm totally anti war when it's offensive. But when you are openly running around threatening to attack people, I mean, he's up there doing North Korean artillery drills.
Take him out, you know, saying I'm about to attack you and aiming weapons. Boom. That's it. I mean, you come to my house, have a gun in your hand, say I'm about to shoot you. I'm not going to say anything to you. I'm going to get a gun as quickly as I can and shoot you. You got free speech until you call for violence.
You got free speech until you say I'm aiming guns at you and I'm going to kill you. I mean, look at that joke and look at those lunatics around him. And I don't want a war. Let's be clear about that.
I don't want a war. The globalists are bad as well. They've launched all these illegal wars. Oh, Saddam's got weapons of mass destruction made up. A former CIA operative set him up, told him attack Iran, told him go into Kuwait. That was a purely evil war. Afghanistan.
The stuff in Pakistan, the stuff in Libya, the stuff in Syria. Totally wrong. But this guy's now got nuclear weapons saying he's going to attack. Let him have it. Wipe him out. I mean, I've had enough of it. And I'm going to explain that when we come back. Stay with us. We'll be right back. I'm Alex Jones, m4wars.com.
Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers. The prognosis for the entire planetary economic system runs from bad to worse. The globalist model is to shut down societies and starve patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover.
That's why we've assembled the most vital and important preparedness items at info wars shop dot com. These are items that I did research on that I personally use.
You've got the life straw so you can turn fetid water into safe water anywhere you go. The cage or hand crank generator to charge up key equipment during power outages are out in the field.
Strategic relocation. Third edition by Joel Skousen. When disaster strikes by Matthew Stein, they're safe used by Homeland Security to protect yourself during any radiological event.
Hand crank shortwave am FM radios, everything that we've researched and found to be the best is available at info war shop.com and your purchase makes our info war possible. We're getting prepared. Are you info wars shop.com.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out simply safe.
It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to get simply safe.com simply safe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power. So even if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable.
So you can use it in your home business boat trailer storage unit or shed get simply safe calm. Simply safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes. So there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home, but simply safe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's get simply safe calm. Introducing pro wine all of your filtration in one system portable on the go. No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydro floristic acid advanced manufacturing technology combined silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element.
It is the only one that does it and out of the gates, we have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine hydro floristic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluoro silicate.
Get your pro pure with a new pro one filter today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
This is our land.
These are our people.
The workers, the strivers, the builders.
These are our people.
Who are they?
They are the dark armies.
The dark murdering armies whose only honour is atrocity.
The answer to 1984 is 1776.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Show.
Ladies and gentlemen, it is Friday, the Ides of March, the day that Julius Caesar had daggers plunged into his chest and stomach and neck and face in the Roman Senate.
A day of bad luck and ill omen for the New World Order, according to their ideas.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are live again, this is the death deterrence day, at least for 2000 plus years, that's how it's been seen.
And we are going to be here for the next three hours.
Larry Pratt with huge updates on the Second Amendment and the battle for human liberty coming up in the second hour.
And we have Joel Skalzen to look at North Korea.
I got some serious comments on that crisis in a moment.
And then here are the headlines that are coming up at info wars.com and prison planet.com.
Let's just read them. US Air Force plans to build a huge network of underground tunnels ever to make nuclear missiles less vulnerable to attack.
They're telling you about something that's been around for 60 years.
See, now it's just throw it all in your face.
That's the old stuff. It's national security.
Government transparency hits record low in 2012 under Obama because he promised to be totally transparent.
He's totally untransparent.
US Army colonel issues warning about room morseless killer robots. Drones are the start of the rise of the machines in official Pentagon warning.
Ten giant media government hoaxes, big article, red linked up at info wars.com that Paul Watson and I put together last night.
We wrote it yesterday, but it went up last night, so I reposted it.
Top of info wars.com, red linked, very important.
We'll go over that.
We're going to get into ten hilarious examples of how clueless our leaders are about the economy.
They're not clueless telling hilarious lies.
I mean, so many people just go, oh, they're idiots. They're not idiots.
I mean, they're running in psyops on us.
Exclusive, Iran steps up weapons lifeline to Assad as our government steps up aid to Al Qaeda.
Iran confronts US drone over Persian Gulf and they're like, it was deadly.
There may be war over this.
And then you read later with a plane flew 16 miles away in Iranian airspace on the edge of international waters and we can fly anywhere it wanted.
It's like unbelievable.
It kind of fronted it deadly.
This may cause a war.
Our jets were launched.
Incredible.
And it's like, by the way, the jet was 16 miles away.
Well, that's a carpet bomb on them.
They're against Al Qaeda.
Also, US general puts troops on security alert after Karzai's anti American anti US statements was an anti US statements by the globalist puppet who now has come out and said our government runs Al Qaeda and the staging terror attacks over there.
That's well known.
I don't just believe him.
That's well known.
Our government isn't our government.
It is the worst of the worst.
I don't want Putin running us.
I don't want the chai comms running us.
But the globalists are the ones here running us.
They're the worst.
That's why they're in charge.
They're the best.
Killing is their business.
Lying is their business.
And let me tell you, their business is good.
So that's some of the news.
Ministry of Defense admits campaign in Afghanistan an unwinnable war.
It's not meant to be one.
It's meant to go from 10 percent opium production to 93 percent opium production world supply and to create jihadis that can export worldwide.
Who don't know their bosses are double CIA Mossad agents, Pakistani intelligence, Saudi Arabian intelligence, MI6 intelligence.
It's come out hundreds of times that Amr al-Awlaki, they didn't really kill him.
I predicted they'd have that stage killing.
They just gave him a facelift and new identity.
When it came out, he was secretly a CIA Pentagon top level national security asset, set scores of meetings at the Pentagon, scores of meetings, defense intelligence, AP, Reuters, Fox News a few years ago.
I told you he was an operative before that.
Four of the five top al Qaeda leaders all born raised in America and their parents were CIA or defense intelligence or NSA.
I mean, do you really believe any of that?
The NSA and the CIA are the illegal foreign New World Order offshore banker takeover command bases like like Legion of Doom, floating cities of crime that set down in America to capture us and to use us as the engine of the global takeover.
Not to spread liberty worldwide, but to spread tyranny.
See, here's how my brain works.
I see a Fox News Europe Sky Television.
That's what it's called over there.
Video correspondent Mark Stone has been detained by Chinese police while filming in Beijing, Tiananmen Square.
He had authorization.
He had the badges.
He had it all.
But because it was his personal power trip there, they basically took him, detained him, interrogated him, took their stuff.
And Sky Television is calling it authoritarian.
Well, I've been in Chicago, I've been in Austin, I've been in New York.
We have video of it.
When Aaron Dox was up here late last night, gets in today, I'm going to have him go find videos for himself, myself and others in Kansas City, in New York.
And I'm going to do a video on this where cops come over or even security guards with guns when we're on the sidewalk.
And scream and say, I'm going to arrest you, no filming.
And the security guards, a half mile from the Federal Reserve, drive over to where they're at at a city park.
They wanted a faraway shot of the Federal Reserve and put their hands on their guns and say leave.
I mean, it was in a real country.
They would have gone to jail.
I mean, I mean, if you or I just randomly walked up in a park with a gun and said, leave, leave.
It's going to get bad.
That's a total terroristic threat.
OK, I'm telling you right now, I'm going to arrest you.
You're not allowed to be here in Kansas City.
Leave now.
And guys, you know, you can say discretion is the better part of valor.
But then when the Kansas City Star called to cover it, they said it didn't happen.
Video, 10 minute video, all in living color, did not happen.
Kansas City Star.
I mean, the Kansas City Star actually did an article about how it did happen and how the Federal Reserve just said didn't happen.
And you're like, well, that doesn't make sense.
It is criticism.
No, it's a psyop because they just say didn't happen.
There are not two billion bullets.
There are no drones.
There is no police state.
The Federal Reserve is federal.
Because then you just stand there and then it lets them take the official position of authority.
We're going to come with guns and tell you you can't be on a sidewalk in Kansas City.
And there's nothing you can do about it.
If you try to go file a complaint with the police, they'll just say, get out of here.
You see, that's the essence of tyranny here in Austin.
We've had the police many times over the years say you cannot film us from 100 yards away.
You can be five feet away when they're doing something and that's interfering.
But no, they'll arrest you now or try to.
But there were lawsuits.
They lost those.
And then you can film police in Austin.
But not in areas where they've gotten the upper hand and intimidated people.
It's now communist China where they've killed 60 to 80 million other people.
No one really knows.
It's over 60 million conservatively.
And so, again, that's what we're converting over to.
That's what we're becoming.
That's what that's what's happening to us.
And let me explain something.
Last week, I was breaking down how much I don't like Kim Jong Il or his father, the
first, or Kim Jong Un, the horrible little demon son.
And some people are like, well, Alex, why are you calling for war?
You know, why are you saying I'd like to see the government carpet bombed?
People spun that.
I saw it on YouTube and said that I was calling for carpet bombing of the North Korean people.
No, I was calling for the carpet bombing of the 1% inner communist party and the 9% below
them roughly.
And I was simply trying to point out that the ultimate expression of just off the chart
evil in the world is North Korea backed up by communist China, who we've given all our
industry to by making the regulations and taxes so high you can't operate unless you're
in China.
It's even destroying the other third world countries.
Everything's going to China and it's destroying the Chinese people.
It's not building them up.
It's so horrible.
Their major companies have suicide nets around them literally.
And now they're building the robots, the first 1 million and 4 million at Foxconn to replace
humans, period.
And it makes me mad because I can look at the evil in the eyes of the communist leadership
in North Korea and the craven power trips, the demonic look, the behavior, people crying
for days and we didn't cry long enough when Kim Jong Il, the filth, may he rest in hell
forever.
May he rot in hell forever.
Just incredibly demonic.
I mean, Vlad the Impaler level off the chart and then his demonic son knowing they're perched
on people.
But see, then that doesn't mean our government or the globalist are good.
They'd love to be able to do all that.
They have the same spirit.
But he's now saying, we'll nuke L.A., we'll nuke San Francisco.
These are all public televised quotes.
These are on record.
We'll attack South Korea today.
North Korean prepares to strike.
That's a quote.
Kim Jong Un supervises live artillery drill as inflammatory threats continue.
And so the globalists are probably going to do a false flag and blame it on them and then
blow them up anyways.
My whole issue is under common law, when someone's saying I'm going to attack you.
I'm going to strike you.
I'm going to go after you.
I'm going to kill you.
That's not free speech.
I mean, if somebody says on record, I'm coming to your house to kill you, if that person
showed up at your house and you killed them, you wouldn't go to jail, folks.
Or if you did, the grand jury would, you know.
Ninety nine percent of the time under common law, you wouldn't get in trouble because they
said, I'm coming to kill you.
Well, he's saying I'm coming to kill you.
I'm coming to kill you.
And it just shows because every other major country has double dealing going on.
China with the globalists, Russia with the globalists.
They're all corrupt, evil regimes using the latest systems of control, but competing with
each other for control.
North Korea is completely delusional in La La Land, run by a stunted little entertainment
head hanging out with Dennis Rodman.
And I just instinctively want to smash him into a pile of pus.
I want to stomp him into oblivion.
Now, that doesn't mean that's literally going to happen.
It just means I'm calling it like it is.
If anybody could be struck now, it's North Korean leadership.
And I'd love to see him deader than a hammer.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day.
If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better.
You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared.
For years, we've told you about our friends at E Foods Direct.
They have the best tasting, long term, storable food on the planet.
This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight.
A long term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing
you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from E Foods Direct.
Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping
on all food supplies.
Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared.
Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com slash Alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to efoodsdirect.com slash Alex.
You can bet your life on E Foods Direct.
Is this the year you finally get serious about your family's drinking water?
If so, keep listening for a special offer from Big Berkey Water Filters.
Did you know that over 60% of municipal water is fluoridated?
Berkey Water Filters distinguish themselves from many other filtration systems
with the capability to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine, fluoride,
arsenic, and disinfection byproducts from municipal water via the black Berkey
and PF line of filters.
Then there's affordability.
At only 1.7 cents per gallon, Berkey Water Filters purify treated and untreated water,
even stagnant pond water.
Stop and think how much money you could save by simply reducing buying bottled water
and using water filtered by your Berkey Water Filter.
No need to be constantly replacing expensive filters with a Berkey.
A single set of filters can last for five to ten years.
Choose the best size Berkey for your needs at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
And right now, all GCN listeners get 5% off all ceramic filter systems.
Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY.
That's 877-99-B-E-R-K-E-Y.
Or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
Free shipping on every order over $50.
Big Berkey Water Filters, for the love of clean water.
Is there such a thing as gluten-free emergency kits?
Yes.
And for celiacs, there is no other than glutenfreeemergencykits.com.
If you or a loved one has celiac disease, you need a gluten-free emergency kit to survive.
Our kits are natural, non-GMO, low sodium, low cholesterol, soy-free,
contain no artificial colors or MSG, and carry the Celiac Spruce Seal of Approval.
Now get our March Grab and Go Bucket Special for only $29.99 at glutenfreeemergencykits.com.
Glutenfreeemergencykits.com.
Better foods, better living.
Hi, this is Ted Anderson.
Have you ever wondered why banks, stock workers, investment advisors won't talk about gold IRAs?
They've been available since 1986,
yet the financial industry won't recognize the value of gold for your retirement.
Gold is outperformed paper investments, yet no word about IRAs.
If you would like to have gold for your retirement, call 800-686-2237.
Don't get left behind by rising inflation and low returns.
Call 800-686-2237.
Secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
Time and time again.
You need to come here and help us.
We need assistance, please.
Those we should be able to depend on, let us down.
Federal and state and local officials saying help is on the way.
Well, the folks here in Bell Harbor say show me.
Don't depend on the government to save you.
Take action now so that you're prepared for the next disaster with mypatriotsupply.com.
Get the best prices on storable food, non-GMO seeds, water filtration devices,
home canning equipment, survival and self-reliance books and more at mypatriotsupply.com.
Call 866-229-0927.
We are hurting down here and we need help immediately.
Before it's time to survive, it's time to prepare.
Mypatriotsupply.com.
Mypatriotsupply.com.
Alex Jones here back live just to finish up the story I was getting into
that I'm going to have Aaron cover on the nightly news tonight, a piece we're putting together.
And all over the country and just this year in Austin, they told Molly Rogers,
one of our photographers is just walking around downtown.
I told her, go downtown, get photos of this issue on Big Brother.
Show big groupings of surveillance cameras.
So she's downtown. There's a federal courthouse.
She's across the street taking photos of the cameras.
And the federal police come out and say, we'll arrest you as a terrorist.
This is on record if you don't stop taking photos.
I mean, they've charged people with life in prison in Illinois.
Now, it was thrown out of court, but the state tried, came down to the county
and tried to make sure the guy went to jail for filming police at his old car shop
where they were hauling them away because they changed the zoning
where his family had been for generations out of their junkyard
to come and haul off their old cars.
And you see those cases.
So when it's here and my reporter's told you'll be arrested if you take photos
of the federal building or I hire a street team,
the mainline street team that's worked down there for years is a couple companies.
They've got a bunch of attractive young women to hand stuff out.
And they've done it thousands of times, some of them.
I mean, do it five, six days a week for years.
They go, this has never happened.
We're not allowed to hand out your magazine and gave them tickets.
And we show the photos, we show the video, and people do one of two things.
They say, that's not real because America, we don't do that.
Or good, you shouldn't be able to hand out a magazine free on the sidewalk anywhere.
So then I go down and protest and Chronicle employees who run South by Southwest
walk by me into the convention center going, get a life, Alex.
I was live on the radio.
I was holding one out on the radio.
We were jacked in on the local affiliate that Saturday.
I came back last Saturday and protested.
And they would walk by, they'd come to the windows and flip me off
and they'd come to the windows with their badges.
You know, their little official badges just to talk trash about me.
You could see them through the big windows.
You know, one floor above me looking down.
How dare me want to hand something out.
And I went down there and I said, I'm going to sue the police.
I'm going to sue the code enforcers.
I'm going to sue you, back off.
So then I left and then big muscle guys, big shaved head guys with tattoos all over them
showed up and went to the same women, you know, 25-year-old women
and said stuff like, you better watch it.
You're not allowed to do that.
I'm here with South by Southwest.
I mean, just right out of, right out of Goodfellas.
You don't operate a business in this city without you going through us.
And that's what they said.
They said, you need to be a sponsor of South by Southwest.
And that means money, money, girl, money.
And I'm supposed to just get a life and go, hey, yeah, man,
what I think I could hand something out in America.
I do need to get a life.
I'm a weirdo.
I mean, because I had a primitive level not looking for a fight because I've been in the hospital.
I've been hurt a lot of times.
I mean, I'm the type of guy, somebody starts fighting me.
I don't care how big they are.
I mean, they are.
They come get my face.
I go completely caveman.
I can't help it.
Sometimes they, you know, don't ever get out of the hospital.
But the point here is that is that I tell you, I mean, the guy does that to me, including police.
I've had Austin cops say you can't film, you can't protest, and it's on video.
I blow up because I mean, I just this is criminal.
I mean, if you think it's a good deal to have a good fellow come up to you and tell you in America you don't have any rights.
Well, then you're a slave and you're begging for it.
You're begging for it.
You're begging for it.
I mean, it makes me extremely angry to even imagine that repeatedly men claiming to work for shot by Southwest came over after they got police to illegally harass us.
Then they backed off because they realized it was criminal code enforcers to criminally do it.
Then they backed off.
And then.
But I always love the mind games like get a life, Alex.
That was what they walked by repeatedly.
Get a life.
I'd say come back here and they run in the building.
Because they're cowards, you get a life, you get a life.
I don't want my kids growing up in a country where you can't talk to people on the street, where you can't say, would you like a magazine?
The truth is, you didn't like five women downtown all over downtown handing out 10000 magazines, 10000 brochures on info wars dot com, which was a small little thing we did.
We're just testing it out.
And you know what? I'm gonna do it all the time now because you don't like it.
And by the way, it was a big success.
Anything we do is a success by the grace of God.
You are a joke.
And I've still got my spirit.
I've still got my will.
I'm nothing special.
Nothing special and some goons first police than others.
Police are like, we're sorry we've been ordered.
I'm supposed to give you a ticket, but here's a warning.
You don't get mad at that.
None of the cops were enjoying it.
It's bad.
They followed the bad order.
But it's not like goons who are really, you know, like going, you better watch it, honey.
This is my street.
You need to spend money to be out here.
You understand?
Get out of here or things are going to get bad.
That gets me like just, oh, my God, it makes me.
And by the way, they had to call the police on them and then to run them off.
They should have been thrown in handcuffs.
I mean, I've had enough.
I've had enough.
We're on the march.
The Empire's on the run.
Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
You may be arrested and or subject to other police action.
Tyranny is here.
The grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality.
It really says that the state is God.
The United States is now recognized globally as one of the most oppressive police states on Earth.
This film conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps now being expanded nationwide.
This documentary exposes how the continuity of government program has established an all powerful shadow state.
Police state four chronicles the sickening depths to which our republic has fallen.
Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship.
Body scammers, sound cameras, citizen spies, stage terror and cameras on every street corner.
It's only the beginning of the New World Order's hellish plan.
The police state isn't coming.
It's here.
Secure your copy today at infowars.com or see it online in the highest quality at prisonplanet.tv.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day.
If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better.
You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared.
For years we've told you about our friends at E Foods Direct.
They have the best tasting long-term storable food on the planet.
This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight.
A long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from E Foods Direct.
Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies.
Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared.
Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com slash alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to efoodsdirect.com slash alex.
You can bet your life on E Foods Direct.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our immunity and health.
At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection of silver-based products.
Our most popular silver-based products are the 32-ounce nano silver solutions,
our 2-ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well as our all-natural silver soaps.
Just released is our 100% natural silver gel.
Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface.
But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin-nourishing chemistry of aloe vera
to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more effectively.
Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver-based products are best for you.
That's www.silverlungs.com.
From the front lines of the information war, it's Alex Jones.
I got to have another shot of liberty, because what you got is all that I need.
Monday through Friday, 12 noon to 3 p.m. Central.
Infowars.com, prisonplanet.tv.
Let me give out the toll-free number.
Wide open, open lines Friday.
First-time callers, give you another chance to call in.
Trying to keep you on hold forever.
800-259-9231.
It's just that 800-259-9231.
Every time I hear about can't film police in Russia selectively, it's big news.
Can't film in China, the police selectively, big news.
Happens in African countries, big news.
Chavez, you know, grabbing reporters, big news.
Can you believe that's Chavez?
Yeah, I don't like it when he does it.
They're like, you don't like Chavez? If America's government's bad, doesn't that make him good?
No, again, if I'm in an outdoor football game or something and there's 15 port-a-potties, it's not like,
well, I want to drink out of that port-a-potty, but that one's bad.
They're all bad.
That's common sense, what our founders taught us, what history shows us.
It's all bad. I don't want any of it.
And I'm not signing up to any groups.
I want liberty. That's what unifies.
A code that we live by.
Due process.
Free speech, honored and protected.
That's what I'm into.
And that's what unifies us as individuals.
But they don't want that.
They want to think like a group so you can be controlled,
so they can just control people through the leaders of the groups.
That's the globalist model.
That's what they openly talk about.
Zbigniew Brzezinski's written four or five books, I've read them all,
on the subject of how the government controls criminal elements worldwide.
And that's the rationale to run everything from drug dealing to money laundering
to child kidnapping to snuff films.
Oh, yeah, and then the excuses, well, that's how we control it to keep control of it.
No, that's what you're into.
The raw exercise of power.
If you were really powerful, you'd want to turn humanity loose.
If you were really confident, the truth is you're not.
The truth is you're afraid.
So that's the article on Sky Television.
You know, big news.
That's worldwide news on Sky TV.
Sky Asia correspondent Mark Stone reporting from Human Square.
Why wasn't it news?
CBS News, News 8, a couple others came out.
Only a few of them even did reports, and it was just like,
police will not enforce pamplining ordinance during South by Southwest,
not that the ordinance is unconstitutional,
not that the police revolted and refused to enforce it after I pointed out it was wrong,
not that they, no, no, no, not that I called them, not that I had a demonstration,
because you want to ignore Alex Jones.
Well, you know what, we have our own audience, our own listeners.
We have real media friends out there in talk radio and the Internet
and drugsreport.com and many others, and so our signal's getting out,
and people know whenever they read something out of the establishment
or see something that it's filtered.
They know that.
You guys act like you have no bias, but then you have total biases to spin everything.
I've got a bias.
It's called freedom or other.
It's called being alive.
It's called live wire.
I mean, I went for a jog this morning, and I was just like beautiful low clouds,
the sun behind it, where it's all silhouetted, the trees, the wind, the leaves on the ground,
the crispness, just the smell, being alive, it's so amazing.
That's my bias.
I'm going to admit it.
I have it.
I'm crazed.
I'm crazed for liberty.
I'm awake.
I'm alive.
And I'm just tuned into God's creation, and I just love it.
And I see the globalist trying to shutter people, trying to dumb them down,
trying to limit their horizons, trying to control them, trying to take their free will,
and I don't even stand for anything.
I am what I am.
I want liberty.
It's not like I even have to take a stand or have courage.
This is what I do.
I can't control myself, and I wish that that was infectious.
I wish that that spirit of liberty that I know is out there.
I read the Founding Fathers' quotes.
It just, in my heart, I resonate with it.
I resonate with all the philosophers that wanted liberty.
Victor Hugo, the list goes on and on.
Mark Twain.
Because they're really living, and I want you to really live.
And I see so many people who can't ever imagine any success for themselves
because they've been taught they've got to have some giant immediate success,
or it's not success at all, or if they fail, they're afraid to fail,
they think that's defeat.
I know so many men who failed a couple times at something
and then were incredible people who have early success, then have a few failures,
and then quit and are destroyed individuals.
I think early success is dangerous, that when you've had slow,
successive approximation success, then you realize human potential,
and the globalists realize you have that potential.
They know who you are.
They know who we are, and they can't be in control unless you are stunted.
And so I'm just going to say this right now.
I want liberty and freedom and the empowerment of every human on this globe.
But they put people into groups who then think they're going to have success
by pulling me down, and I got news for you, you're not going to pull me down ever.
I know my destiny, even in death.
I have already accepted victory, and I will quote V for Vendetta,
ideas are bulletproof.
They're bulletproof.
You can kill my name, you can kill my body.
I've already transmitted the message, and I intend to go on transmitting.
You can't stop the signal.
The signals I've sent out will bounce around as long as there's humans on terra firma and beyond.
And I want to challenge all of you to tune into the universe right now
and take your destiny in its hands.
I know you've got chills out there, some of you are listening right now,
and that's because God is calling, and God's creation that you are bathed in
and the time-space continuum is calling for you to be what you were born to be.
Before God formed you in your mother's womb, you had a destiny,
and the enemy wants to destroy that destiny and is jealous,
because the devil is never a maker.
The devil is a counterfeiter and a twister, and anyone, any culture that sells out to the devil
becomes what you saw in Nazi Germany, Communist China.
Look at Haiti in a satellite image right next to the Dominican Republic,
that island, Hispaniola, split down the middle,
and look at the difference between a culture that loved God at some level
and a culture that loved the devil.
One is deforested and dead, looks like hell, Mordor, and the other is a paradise.
I know the fruits of evil, and I know they're destructive.
I know the thrill of evil and evil knowledge.
I know the thrill of the mystery of evil, the knowledge of good and evil.
I'm fallen. I'm fallen. I can look into the paradigm of the devil.
I can see it. I can even have my flesh lust for it and know it.
But creation and the power of regeneration that God's given us
and the strength is a trillion times a trillion, unknowably powerful
and more powerful than death and destruction and evil and disease and hate.
The New World Order channels the spirit of dark servants, dark riders.
They are animated by their lust for the raw exercise of power as the priest of power.
But those that ride the black horses of death
and that carry out the work of killing and destroying are only wearing a uniform.
They are not individually being empowered.
They are turning themselves over and their free will over
to something that is of another dimension, something that seeks eternal cold,
something that seeks the fall.
I seek the rise.
Not enough of me philosophizing often to the nether regions of the universe
across the great gulfs of the time-space continuum,
echoing throughout.
Stare not too long into the abyss lest you become the abyss.
And Dianne Feinstein has stared long into the abyss.
Dianne Feinstein, I can look at her, she is possessed, ladies and gentlemen.
You can call it whatever you want, that is an entity, an entity,
an entity in the U.S. Senate.
And they can feel our resolve and that we know who they are and they don't like it.
And the more we consciously realize who the globalists are,
the more they writhe in the knowledge that we understand their lie.
Because for them, they've already crossed the void.
The lock refuses the key when the master is calling their name.
They are now slaves, slaves to the dark side.
They've already crossed the river Styx, they've already paid their coins into the hand of Charon.
They're already dead to God.
God did not cast them into hell, they willingly walked down the stairs.
They willingly threw the key into the chasm to bounce down the edge of the walls forever
on their journey into the ninth circle of Hades.
On their journey into the void, on their journey into that place that they dare not look.
Dianne Feinstein, the ghoul, the animated corpse, the shark-eyed demon.
They put a photo of her up on TV, that doesn't catch, you've got to see her in high def.
Man, I see those eyes, I've looked into that place.
I mean, I know, oh boy, that's a bad one right there.
Michael Moore is another one of them.
He knows he's a fascist.
He knows he's a tyrant.
He knows he's part of an establishment revolution takeover.
He's a big, fat, I don't mean physically fat, but spiritually bloated, dominant, weak, mile-long
worm who just wants to dominate everybody in his flailing weakness.
Because at his heart, he's so weak, he seeks power.
Dianne Feinstein is another thing entirely.
She's a powerful woman who turned herself over to pure evil.
Makes me literally cringe to see her when she's up there, because that's Satan, ladies
and gentlemen.
Most people that have that much evil on them start breaking down like Bill Clinton or Barack
Obama or George W. Bush, just even get close to it, destroys you.
She revels in it.
She shines like a prism of black light, a black flash of light.
And when I talk about ghouls, when I talk about demonic ghouls, I've seen clips of her
going, I've seen the photos, I know details.
And I saw her on the news.
We ought to find that clip because I saw it online, I gave it to you but never played
it.
And she kind of just licks her lips when she says, I know details, I have details.
She can't even help her.
Oh, it's so good.
And it's the same thing with Michael Moore.
He's like, yeah, we ought to show the dead kids.
We ought to show the dead kids.
What do you say?
He goes, what do you say on his own website?
That's how we finish off the NRA.
That's how we disarm these people while I have six bodyguards, all armed while I've
got guns.
We show dead kids.
We throw them in their face.
Show us all the dead kids from Fast and Furious with their heads chopped off, shot up in Mexico,
thousands of them.
Show all that.
The little kids dying to Makyla Doris.
You're going to show us all the dead kids from Obama's drone strikes all over the world?
No, no.
You show foreign mainline newswire photos of dead kids on our nightly news and it goes
on YouTube, they shut our channel down.
And I have to have lawyers write them letters and say it's selective enforcement and show
them where another news agency has it on one of their foreign servers for them to back
off.
To the point that we don't even do it anymore because we can't, because I can't fight all
day to keep the transmission going out.
You see, they want to show you those little kids, their brains, their skulls, their blood,
which is like a beautiful thing to them.
And your pain watching you have your heart touched, it's a joke to them.
Let's show them the dead kids.
That's how we'll get their guns so they can have their terror upon us.
I said I'd go to your calls and I haven't done that yet, have I?
I'll go to break and take calls in this segment the next and a lot of you will get to talk
to Larry Pratt.
Most of these are on guns.
Larry, Ghost, Dirk, Shiloh, Robbie, others, I'll get to you.
You know, the families are ripping Michael Moore, wanting to pimp their children out.
But you see, to evil the desecration of children and then using children's deaths, I mean,
the UN killed over a million people in Rwanda, they ran that, over a million people.
Low estimates are 500, 600,000.
It's well over a million, actually.
And as all the UN failed to stop it, the UN ran the whole deal.
After they took their guns, then they had the majority kill the minority, who'd been
the majority.
And who they convinced, well, you know, turn your guns and we'll be friendly, one black
group against the other.
Well, they killed the Christians.
Anywhere the UN is, they kill the Christians.
They're using Al-Qaeda to kill the Christians right now in Syria.
And you notice two weeks ago, Henry Kissinger came out.
Let's show people this, just the headline.
Israel will not exist in ten years.
That's basically a good thing.
So they're gonna double-cross Israel, too.
And you're like, well, wait, is Israel good or is Israel bad?
It's neither.
It's a set piece for a larger plan.
Albert Pike told us about it in 1877, head of the Illuminati, head of the Freemasons
worldwide.
Freemasons were not in it.
They were being controlled.
You keep your friends close, your enemies closer.
That's what Adam Weishaupt, a few New World Order leaders, a few Darth Sidiouses before
him.
You see, once you know history, once you know the enemy, once you know their plans, it's
very clear.
And of course, they're now saying the right wing whites who are pro-gun are terrorists
and are the bigger threat than Al-Qaeda and are gonna blow everything up.
And so when things get blown up, who do you think did it?
Who has the motive?
Who told you it was coming?
Boy, if I was a cop and I'd studied criminology, which I have, first thing I'd do, who talked
about this first?
A lot of times they catch firefighters.
There's firefighters and some of the best people out there, but you'll have nuts that
go who are pyromaniacs, who go become firefighters so they can burn stuff down and then be the
heroes that put it out.
Or you'll have firefighters or cops that plant pipe bombs at their houses.
I see that every few months.
And the first thing the cops know that are real cops is, okay, it's probably a cop did
this.
You did this yourself?
And the person usually freaks out and goes, how did you know?
Then they get them.
Because that person didn't read criminology, I guess they didn't do their homework.
I mean, hey, hey, hey, we know who the main people are here.
We know who to look at when this happens, we know who has the motive, we know who has
the background, we know who's done it before, it's you.
It's the globalists, they stand to gain, motive means everything, history, you're it, you're
terrorists, we know it globalist.
We know you're getting everybody ready.
All the TV shows, how the right wing gunners are gonna blow everything up.
All the cultural stuff, all the training manuals.
And now the death starts clear to fire.
You think we're gonna blow yourself up politically.
You think you're gonna fire on us and blow stuff up and blame us.
And I hope you don't do it.
But when you do, it's gonna go the way you thought it will be right back.
Hello, I'm Alex Jones, myself, my family, the info wars.com team want to relay to you
and your families that we are intensifying our efforts against the globalist on every
front info wars.com is leading the fight against the technocrats, but we can't do that without
your help.
By getting the films, bumper stickers and t shirts and info wars.com you will wake up
people in your area and support our operation as we move to the next level.
We need your help to spread the word like never before.
They wish to hide themselves during this tectonic battle between the forces of freedom and darkness.
You are the response to the globalist technocrats and their program of global eugenics dehumanization
and ultimate extermination.
The war is here.
It's an info war, the spirit of 1776 versus the mindset of 1984 March into big spring
preparedness savings.
This month at be prepared.com going on now, emergency essentials and be prepared.com save
you 28% off your favorite beef and chicken combo entrees.
Save 24% on number 10 cans of freeze dried raspberries or save 26% on our freeze dried
strawberry slices with purchase of 12 or more Katadyn pocket micro water filters are 27%
off.
Try our fruit flavored hydro pack combo water filtering pouches in March by five 10 packs
for a 50% discount stock up on wheat with a year's supply of grains for $70 off.
Only at be prepared.com and this month power up with a goal zero Sherpa 50 solar powered
recharging kit at $110 off MSRP and we'll throw in a free $50 emergency essentials gift
card.
The March sale ends March 31 at be prepared.com for contents and details call emergency essentials
at 800-999-1863 or click be prepared.com The choice is clear be unprepared or be prepared.com
Gardeners here comes another growing season but don't use last year's soil.
Maximize yields in your survival garden with EM1 from Tereganics.
EM1 is an organic soil conditioner, fertilizer amendment and compost accelerant that provides
a broad spectrum of beneficial microorganisms, enzymes, trace minerals, vitamins and various
organic acids.
EM1 helps regulate the soil's pH level and its soil microbes improving moisture retention
and drought tolerance.
Remember last year's dry conditions?
EM1 from Tereganics is safe, chemical free and certified for use on all organic farms.
It improves plant quality, size, color, flavor and gives up to 20% more nutrient value in
fruits and vegetables and greatly increases shelf life and EM1 is so simple to use just
mix with water and apply.
This year prepare your crisis garden for maximum yields with EM1 from Tereganics.com.
Order now at teraganics.com or call toll free 866-369-3678 that's 866-369-3678.
Tereganics life's getting better.
I don't want no shackles, no shackles on me.
I sit down with big brother, the national ID.
Don't want no shackles, don't want no shackles on me.
That's extreme wanting to be free, wanting to be able to hand out magazines anywhere
downtown.
They told us we're going to have bumper stickers on our cars either and park them in paid meters.
Well that doesn't sound like a big deal or a problem.
America's not in trouble.
I sit down with big brother, don't like those RFID's.
I don't want a chip in my family, a chip in my wife.
Got the blues about my freedom, got the blues about tyranny.
Well that sounds extreme Jimmy Vaughn.
I got the blues about my freedom, got the blues about tyranny.
Why, I mean why not be a slave?
I sit down with big brother and the national ID.
Alright ladies and gentlemen, we're going to go to your phone calls here.
Don't forget to support the transmission by spreading the word, the free podcast, all
of it.
Prop here, water filter, stainless steel, best system out there, discounted with promo
code water.
10% off, lowest price anywhere at info war store.com.
The new March issue exposing the globalist wanting to stage false flags and start a civil
war.
The books, the videos, the t-shirts, info war store.com and you can also become a member
to watch the video stream of the radio show and the nightly news at prisonplanet.tv.
Be sure and do that today.
Let's talk to Larry in Illinois.
Larry, what's on your mind today?
I know I kind of went off on a rampage about the loveliness of Dianne Feinstein.
Go ahead.
That's okay Alex.
I was calling today, I've been trying to get a hold of any local media in Illinois around
me to talk about this.
I want to start at the beginning of the story.
Late last year, like mid December, the Supreme Court gave Illinois 180 days to come up with
some sort of right to carry law.
Now that's happened all over the country and they just ignore it.
Absolutely, yeah.
Their answer was to stage Sandy Hook and of course they did it.
Go ahead, sorry.
Oh, that's okay.
There's no doubt, by the way, folks.
Sorry.
This bill's being fast tracked through the Senate.
Usually a Senate bill takes five, six months before it actually gets anywhere, but it's
only been two and a half months and it's already been to a subcommittee.
It's going to go to the House.
That's why they're using obvious psychiatric patients under government mind control, doctor's
control.
That's a fact, 100%, to go out and kill people is to get our guns.
They're desperate.
They know the growth curve.
We're winning.
We are on the march, but the enemy is involved in a giant counter offensive.
And yes, I'm aware of that Illinois situation.
So what's your final point on that, sir?
My final point is this act is adding an 18% tax to firearms and ammunition and it is going
to require people who already own guns or who will own guns to get a $1 million-
No, I know.
I know.
It's bankrupt gun owners.
It's a total, while saying we're not coming for your guns, I mean, they're passing laws
that they do home inspections of all gun owners, ammo, you have to get a psychiatric evaluation
to buy ammo.
I mean, putting us into the psychiatric system that puts people on the drugs that cause them
to do the mass shootings when it's not staged.
And they're not having this insurance, a felony.
And no one I know anywhere near me can afford a million dollar liability insurance.
Well, sir, that's how they do it.
Insurance is the ultimate tyranny now.
Sounds good on the service, but then they make you get health insurance so it doubles
in one year.
Well, anything where you're made to get it and you've got to only buy it from certain
people, you're going to be ripped off.
And no, I mean, the plan is wreck things while they consolidate it.
This is called a scorched earth political takeover.
And they want to start a civil war because we're kicking their butt politically.
Everyone hates them now.
Obama doesn't have a mandate.
They had to run a weirdo against him to make it even believable that he won.
Romney really won, by the way, had top voting experts on.
It's clear.
People that said Al Gore really won.
Al Gore really won in 2000, Mitt Romney really won last year.
God bless you, sir.
We'll be right back.
With more calls, we'll talk to Ghost, Dirk and others.
This is GCN, the Genesis Communications Radio Network.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold and weapons.
But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria,
viruses, moles and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it
the number one choice of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com.
Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
Waging war on corruption, Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups.
You want answers?
Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Well, we got Larry Pratt coming up in the next segment, and we have state news, federal
news on the Second Amendment, really hardcore, we'll get to that when he joins us.
Michael Moore saying, you know, let's use the dead kids' images to terrorize the public
into turning their guns in via collective guilt.
Just total mind control.
We cannot let this demonic Jabba the Hutt creature manipulate us and use dead kids as
a terrorist, a psych terrorist, psychological terrorism, to submit to him and his bodyguards
and all their weaponry so he can create socialism to steal our wealth and give it to himself
in government bailouts.
The families are just outraged by these slovenly demons.
So the globalists have to probably stage some more shootings if you just love them.
Dirk in Arizona, you're on the air, Dirk.
Welcome.
Hey, crybaby.
Hey, how you doing?
The other day, I heard you say you don't know what to do anymore.
Well, I saw one of your contest videos on YouTube called Alex Jones for Governor.
Can you type it into YouTube or Google right now?
Sure.
Alex Jones for Governor.
What's it say?
Yeah, it just does four words.
I think it's number one or number two.
Did you find it yet?
Go ahead, sir.
You're on the air.
Yeah.
Alex Jones for Governor.
Just type it in.
Did you get it?
Go ahead and make your point, OK?
Anyway, I disagree with your decision not to run for governor.
You were talking about that with Savage last week.
And I agree with the guy on the video.
He's wearing a Jason mask from Friday to Thursday.
Yeah, let's punch him up.
Let's Operation Paul Revere, Infowars.com, I like a redneck, Jason.
That's cool.
That's right.
Operation Paul Revere.
Now, on that video, he talks about your son and he says he's got seven good solutions.
For example, as governor, you'll be able to throw out PSA from the airport.
Number two, as governor, you'll be able to stop the chemtrail planes.
I didn't hang up on you, sir.
Somebody's calling you.
You want to flip over and say hi to them?
No, that's OK.
I'll let you go.
But I just want to know, did you find the video yet?
Yes, I did.
I just said I found it.
Look, I hear you.
And God bless you, sir.
I am affecting more change on the radio and I've always been honest about my past, which
is I'm proud of my past.
I mean, I've lived a pretty exciting, interesting life, but I mean, some I've said is true and
then some and then some and then some.
So I mean, they would really use all that against me, which would be a great publicity
stunt.
But I'm not just interested in the publicity stunt.
If I ever ran for office, Mike Hanson one time talked me into running for state rep
and for about a week I was signed up and I when I read all of it, they had to go to these
fundraisers and I never really ran and they spent it.
Alex Jones lost.
No, I didn't.
I pulled out of the race.
I was I was signed up for like a week and I was having to go report to the to the Texas
Elections Commission.
I looked at it and read the contracts where they could selectively throw me in jail for
any reason.
And I just didn't do it.
I'd like to see Ron Paul run for Texas governor.
I know there's a move to get him drafted to do that.
And I'd like to see Rand Paul as president.
He's a great statesman and he's not perfect person, but compared to everybody else, I
know he's a real guy.
It's like Jesse Ventura.
I don't agree with some of Jesse Ventura's views.
He thinks some of the tyranny stuff is really liberal, but he's a real guy.
And that's what I value is someone who doesn't compromise.
I've gotten to spend a lot of time with Jesse Ventura on the road, video shoots, also as
a consultant to the show.
He's as real as it gets.
And that's what I like.
That's what I'm into.
It's real.
I want reality.
I want the real deal.
And I just love Ron Paul a lot.
I mean, I've seen a lot of people who've even been on this show attack Ron Paul and play
the race card stuff for no reason like MSNBC.
And that's because the entire left is circling the wagons around Obama because he is a horrible
tyrant.
They think it will discredit their giant government system and they all live off the government
one way or another.
And so they believe in it.
And so they're just coldly going with the divide and conquer orthodoxy.
And I've seen a circling of the wagons of Marxist, Leninist, liberals, they're useful
idiot morons, all of them.
We've got to circle the wagons as libertarian constitutionalists.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your
arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out simply safe.
It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to get simply safe.com.
Simply safe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power.
So even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit or shed.
Get simply safe.com.
Simply safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes.
So there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but simply safe will stand guard protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's get simply safe.com.
If you're listening, you know, your basic freedoms are being threatened every day.
If you're listening, you know, the economy is not getting better.
You know, gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared for years.
We've told you about our friends at E foods direct.
They have the best tasting longterm, storable food on the planet.
This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight.
A longterm food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing
you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from E foods direct right now is the best time to stock
up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies.
Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared.
Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoods direct.com slash Alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to efoods direct.com slash Alex.
You can bet your life on E foods direct.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the cow
bend soap company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning
needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover ups.
You want answers?
Well so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network.
And now live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
It is the eyes of March, Friday the 15th day, 2013.
I am your host Alex Jones.
We are back now into the second hour.
We're getting Larry Pratt of Gun Owners of America lined up to be on with us with a big
gun update right now.
And I wanted to direct TV viewers but also radio listeners to infowars.com and prisonplanet.com.
First victim entrapped in New York under unconstitutional gun law.
You know they've been arresting veterans, running checkpoints, they've got a list of
gun owners.
And if they find over a seven round mag, they charge you with felonies.
And they are now doing stings where they're going to gun shows and places and a lot of
people don't even know that above ten round mags or seven round mags are outlawed from
possession and they're throwing the book at you.
And Project Veritas has gone into New York police stations and things.
They just say, look, you shouldn't have any guns, get a dog.
Just like Michael Moore has said.
And speaking of the self-propelled goblin, self-propelled stomach, Sandy Hook families
rip Michael Moore's call to release crime scene photos.
And so the issue here is that Michael Moore has bodyguards, I've run into them, on the
city street.
Hey Michael, why are you in Second Amendment?
Bam, boom, you're running into me, it's in my film Martial Law.
They've been arrested for having guns in illegal areas.
He has guns, but you aren't.
And they're always like, it's just reasonable restrictions.
Wherever they're in control, like Chicago, New York, or other areas, they ban all of
the guns, okay?
And the UN in their own treaties have said they want total abolition of civilian firearms
ownership.
So let's just get that straight here for absolutely everybody out there that they are coming for
our guns, and that that's what Dianne Feinstein said, Mr. and Mrs. America, turn them in.
Remember Obama said, I'm not coming up with your handgun, your rifle, your shotgun, anything.
Anybody says it's a liar.
And I'm also not gonna raise anybody's payroll tax, but get under a quarter million dollars
a year.
Not your payroll tax, not your, he raised them all.
And people are like, well, that's just what they do.
I guess we've just rolled over then to this type of criminality.
Well, the answer is no, we've not rolled over, and now the Sandy Hook families are getting
really, really, really, really upset over the fact that they are engaged in these type
of activities.
Now here's another one, Infowars is reporting Feinstein's doomed bill, that's what Kirk
calls it, squeaks by Senate Judiciary Committee.
I don't think it's doomed.
I mean, I see confidence in their eyes.
She said a few weeks ago, she said, there will be other incidents.
More things are going to happen.
This is going to go on.
This is going to unfold.
And they have set things up now, as Obama said, and it's their talking point, not one
more child can be killed.
What about the kids killed by the Mexican cartels with American guns shipped in by the
White House under Fast and Furious?
Does Michael Moore want to see the dead bodies of those children out there?
To quote, what did he say?
Finish off the NRA, which they mean by the Second Amendment.
They never like to say the Second Amendment, it's always the NRA, as if that's all there
is with guns.
Because the NRA helped write the 68 Gun Control Act.
They supported a bunch of other gun control, they've gotten a little more hardcore.
We've had Ted Nugent on because he's on the board, and he's made them get more hardcore.
But mainly because Larry Pratt and Gunners of America, for what is it, 40 years or so,
has been there making them be hardcore.
And we are joined now by Larry Pratt, Executive Director of Gun Owners of America, to give
us a state of the Second Amendment in this culture war.
And they admit that's what it is now.
The system is calling it a culture war, where in the states, the collectivists, the authoritarians
are in control.
I mean, they are arming tanks, machine guns, weapons, more police, checkpoints for gun
owners.
And in the areas where there's liberty, all the jobs are flooding, prosperity.
I mean, these people are terminally corrupt.
Larry Pratt, Executive Director, gunowners.org, the only no compromise major gun lobby on
Capitol Hill.
Thank you for joining us, sir.
Alex, great to be with you.
Thanks so much for having me.
You bet.
Okay, in the time we've got, what is front and center right now on the Second Amendment
radar screen, the deadly gun bills getting out of committee?
It got out of committee, but Alex, we still think that that's not their first point of
attack.
What we're concerned about, the way that the legislative structure has been put together
right now on the gunfight, if you will, is there's going to be a motion to proceed on
 it doesn't really matter much  one of these gun bills.
Any motion to proceed will open up the parliamentary situation for adding other gun bills.
So even if they say, well, you know, we don't really have the votes for this or that, if
they put it out on the floor and they get that vote, they very well might get it to
go through, especially if there's something that looks relatively innocuous at the beginning,
and then they take on some of these other measures to it, they could end up getting
a lot more of their agenda than, frankly, right now.
I don't think they can, but they can slip one through if we're not careful.
So if people are going to communicate with their members of the Senate, please, anything
that has gun in it, any bill that has gun in it, the request from the constituents is
vote no on any motion to proceed.
What about your idea from six months before the election that he would get back in, maybe,
and then if they did, they were going for all the guns, we now have the memos confirming
that they want to just ban them, basically all.
I mean, that's huge.
What about getting on the offense, like you said, Congressman Stockman from Texas, I mean,
we've got to get on the offense to get them on the defense.
Yes, that is so true.
So defensively, vote against any motion to proceed, that opens the candy store, and they
can pick and choose as to which gun control they think they can get away with before the
voters.
But the way to even better head them off is to get more members of the House to sign on
to Representative Stockman's bill that would take away the prohibition on guns at school.
So finally, a teacher that's qualified for a concealed carry permit, a principal, a janitor,
a visiting parent would be able to respond with a firearm, or somebody to come into one
of these murder magnets, which is what our gun-free zones have become.
Murder magnets, murder magnets, great term.
Well unhappily, that's what they are.
All of our mass murders over the last 20 years have been at a gun-free zone.
And the media advertises it for all the lunatics to go into.
What about this?
You pointed out if they'd staged Fast and Furious, they'd wind up a lunatic and at least
let them do it.
Clearly with the Holmes thing, under psychiatric care, getting a DARPA grant and weird brain
interface stuff on seven drugs, we now learn four of them, psychotropic.
She had this manual where he was reportedly planning it, there was a stand down by the
top Air Force psychiatrist assigned to him.
I mean, this really stinks.
If they'd staged that, shouldn't we look at things, Larry, in the future?
They'd staged something else, they'd staged this.
Yeah, if they want a date of mine, maybe they ought to look for kids that have Facebook
pages for Satan because the Newtown shooter had just such a page.
So did Eric and Kleibel, where we're into Satanism and Nazism.
Exactly.
The guy that, and I hate to use their names, but the guy that shot up Congresswoman Giffords's
town hall and liked to kill her, also had an altar to the occult out in his backyard.
A skull, devil worship, and the guy that killed his grandmother with the hammer, and then
when his mother died, got the illegal AR-15 and shot the fireman.
He was a known devil worshiper on record.
So maybe we ought to put devil worshippers into some sort of protective custody.
They're talking so much about having a psychiatrist say, well, you might be a dangerous self or
others.
Maybe we've seen a pattern here.
You play video games for hours on end, so you become completely disconnected from social
contact.
You become desensitized to murder.
It becomes fun.
Then you also get in a little time with Satan during the day, and we wonder why these things
happen.
It has nothing to do with whether a gun is available or not.
These guys become thoroughly evil.
They're going to get the means of mass destruction no matter what we do.
Absolutely, and that's why we have a right to protect ourselves.
But what about the collective guilt thing with Michael Moore saying, really with relish,
let's show the dead kids.
I mean, what a vulture demon.
I've never hated him before I've disliked him, but I really hate him.
And also, Feinstein's been smacking her lips talking about the photos.
I mean, just what a demon.
Didn't Feinstein get a wonderful comeuppance from Senator Cruz?
Oh, my.
Well, Senator Feinstein, if the Second Amendment permits the banning of certain guns, then
by that logic, does the First Amendment ban permit the banning of certain books, but others
being protected?
And does the Fourth Amendment permit the invasion of some people's privacy, but not other people's
privacy?
She went off on that.
She said, how dare you lecture me?
I've been here for 20 years.
Well, that's the problem, which she's indicting herself now.
Oh, I tell you, I mean, Ted Cruz at least has worked in the private sector and done
a lot of other stuff.
And as a libertarian, I mean, this woman, you know, being on Capitol Hill for decades,
have you ever been around her?
I mean, I just looking at her makes me cringe.
It is somebody that's very full of herself, as her own words were suggesting, that there's
nothing you can teach me, little boy.
What do you think I am, a sixth grader or something?
No, ma'am, I'm not here to insult sixth graders.
Well, to quote Emperor Palpatine, it's like, I am the Senate Cruz.
Sit down and shut up.
I am the Emperor.
Larry Pratt's our guest.
Stay with us, Larry.
We'll be right back with more updates on the Second Amendment.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system and you're missing a critical weapon in your
arsenal for home protection when you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for
intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe.
It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to getsimplisafe.com SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit or shed.
Getsimplisafe.com SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install
yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
It's an MRE smorgasbord at longlifefood.com.
In 1983, Long Life Food Depot was one of the first to sell MRE pouches to the public, and
we're still selling them almost 30 years later.
Today, Long Life Food Depot has the world's most complete MRE online buffet, because MREs
are all we do.
Tasty varieties of chicken, beef, salmon, and pasta entrees, plus sandwiches and our
easy-to-use pouches, full moisture, long shelf life, and ready-to-eat hot or cold.
We sell by the pouch or case, so the choices are endless, and so are the graduated quantity
discounts.
The more you buy, the more you save.
Call 800-601-2833, or go to longlifefood.com to join our email list for upcoming announcements
like the Roll Away Food Pod, plus enjoy fast and free shipping.
Just call 800-601-2833, or visit longlifefood.com.
Emergency preparedness, emergency relief, longlifefood.com since 1983, sending real
food to your real future.
On the average, Americans work between 45 to 50 years hoping to build up enough wealth
to retire and live out their golden years.
Unfortunately, with taxation, the rising cost of food, energy, housing, and medical, many
retirees are forced to live below the poverty line.
Is this a flaw-free enterprise, or is our monetary unit we call the Federal Reserve
Note forcing us into perpetual debt, ensuring inflation and higher taxes?
These questions and more can be answered by reading G. Edward Griffin's book, The Creature
from Jekyll Island.
Congressman Ron Paul states, it's what every American needs to know about central bank
power.
It's a gripping adventure into the secret world of international banking cartel.
Hi, this is Ted Anderson.
I will give a silver dollar from the early 1900s to anyone who purchases this book.
Call 1-800-686-2237 and order a copy today.
It's critical that the public be made aware of the system.
Call and order your copy today at 1-800-686-2237.
That's 1-800-686-2237.
It's time for a home security quiz.
Answer this, what effective home security device is smaller than a coffee cup fakes
out burglars into thinking someone is home at your house while you're away, plugs into
any wall outlet, is recommended by many police departments, and sells for less than $35?
Yes, it's fake TV.
This year, about one in every 50 U.S. homes will have a break-in, with burglars usually
picking the easy target, a dark house that looks like no one is home.
Fake TV is a small electronic security device that makes it look like someone is home watching
TV by simulating the light from a real TV.
It's like a lamp on a timer, but far more convincing.
And for only $34.95, fake TV could be the difference between coming home to a secure
house or one that's been ransacked.
Go to faketv.com or call 1-877-5FAKETV.
That's 877-532-5388 or go to faketv.com.
Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
Larry Pratt leaves us here in about 15 minutes.
We're gonna air excerpts from Info Wars Nightly News last night with Senator Ted Cruz.
Kind of the Ron Paul revolution is what he's part of right here in Texas.
That's what's got the establishment Republicans so scared up there getting in her face.
And her answer was belligerence and arrogance just like Hillary Clinton.
But I wanna get into some of the victories we're having, but also the biggest threats.
But Kurt Nemo wrote for info wars.com last week, a article basically saying Democrats,
Republicans and NRA work behind the scenes on gun control measures.
And the NRA said, we're in there working with them and seeing the NRA in the past being
pro gun control.
And most people don't know this, so can you speak to that?
Without bashing the NRA, they've gotten better.
But what is the danger with compromise from the Republicans and the NRA, Larry Pratt of
Gun Owners of America?
Well, if the Republicans go for a compromise, which would be the instinct of all too many
of them, and certainly John Boehner has that, I guess, deeply embedded in his DNA, then
you open, as our legislative strategist Mike Hammond has put it, a guy with enormous experience
up on particularly the Senate side of the Capitol, you open up the gun control buffet.
Because once they get anything on the floor, then it's Katie Barr the door.
And so what we're telling senators and what we want anybody else that wants to try to
shut this thing down is call the Senate, let your senators know, vote no on any motion
to proceed on anything that has the word G-U-N in it.
Doesn't matter if it's a John Wayne celebratory resolution.
It's just not something that needs to be voted on because then they can start getting into
real mischief once the issue is open.
If we keep it off the floor, if they have a filibuster going on the motion to proceed
or because they're just afraid to vote and put it out because they know we're watching
and we're going to try to take some of them down, Republican and Democrat, in the next
primaries and election, then I think we may be able to dodge the bullet.
So I think their main minimum objective at the moment is the so-called trafficking bill,
which would be particularly vicious, would say that if a gun is raffled, say, by an American
Legion post and it's raffled in a state, well, I'm pretty sure I'm right about Oregon being
a pro-pot state.
You can smoke pot under Oregon state law legally, but under federal law, that still disqualifies
you from buying a gun.
So the raffle is held and the guy that wins takes his gun.
Others typically are not done with a background check, but it turns out that the guy that
got the gun is a prohibited person under federal law, even though he was allowed to pick his
gun up while toking on a, puffing on a toke.
This is a real gotcha piece of legislation, very, very dangerous.
And-
Well, it's the registration.
Let me bring this up to you then.
What do you make?
I think the way we beat them is getting the word out.
Everywhere they're in control, they're now arresting veterans for over seven round mags,
they're doing stings on people.
They want to fill the prisons with gun owners and they want to start a confrontation.
Where do you see this going right now as a battlefield analysis?
How's the fight going?
Because yeah, they're politically getting in trouble, but they don't care.
Their instinct to dominate us is moving forward.
Yeah, the veteran they picked on is in New York state, but now I think the people, the
legislators of New York state realized that maybe they shouldn't have led Como Buffalo
them, if you will, and run that bill banning guns and magazines so fast, because there
is a growing building anger.
And even people in New York state are talking about, they've talked to their state police
in their county and they've told them, you better not try to do anything for Como's legislation
because that's illegitimate.
We're not going to stand for it anymore and you will start it if you try to come and take
somebody's guns.
That's right.
Well, that's my concern, but it may be the only way it goes is that you see that 1776
collision coming.
A lot of people who weren't ready for confrontation really are committed now and that's not bluff.
That's real.
Right.
And I just hope.
There's a change in attitude.
And by the way, the rank and file of those state cops said that they were in agreement.
It was only the, the union type hierarchy in the state.
Yeah.
Have you suddenly seen the videos by New York state police out doing their own shooting
videos in uniform and others showing that you can shoot off 30 rounds just as fast with
10 round mags or seven round mags.
Have you seen those videos?
Yes.
And it's a great instructional.
So even if you're limited legally in New York state with minimum practice, you can be pretty
good with a seven or 10 round.
All right.
I want to get an update on the Supreme court, what's happening in Illinois, the States and
some other key points with Larry Pratt of gun owners.org.
I'm Alex Jones.
Stay with us in the Ted Cruz video, your phone calls and a lot more than Joel Skousen.
We're on the March, the empire's on the run.
Alex Jones and the GCN radio network.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons, but how will these items
help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill supernatural silver is the ultimate tool
to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria,
viruses, moles, and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care taken internally or use topically.
It can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural silver has over 500 different uses and a longterm shelf life, making it
the number one choice of preppers across the country to find out how this amazing new technology
can help you be prepared.
Go to supernatural silver.com.
Use the promo code prepared for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
A little over a year ago, I began to do a lot of research into why even if I had a pretty
good sized meal that I was still starving and my research led me to a well-known fact
that most of the soils that we grow our crops on here in the United States and across the
industrialized world are almost completely depleted of almost all of the key minerals
and trace elements that our bodies need to rebuild themselves, fight off cancer, and
be healthy.
I then searched out the best vitamin and mineral company out there and discovered Young Jevity.
The Young Jevity products are designed to give you the real nutrition you need and once
you've got that, you don't have to eat as much to be satisfied.
I've lost 37 pounds in two months simply getting the vitamins and minerals I need.
Check it out for yourself.
It's incredible.
Go to infowarsteam.com today and order your first canister of Beyond Tangy Tangerine complete
multivitamin mineral complex dietary supplement.
That's infowarsteam.com.
Introducing Pro One.
All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go.
No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolicic
acid advanced manufacturing technology combined silver impregnated white ceramic with new
aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one
filter element.
It is the only one that does it and out of the gates.
We have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia, and chlorine, hydrofluorosolicic acid, the most common form of fluoride not
covered by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro Pure with the new Pro One filter today at infowarskstore.com or by calling
888-253-3139.
Live from Austin, Texas, broadcasting worldwide, it's Alex Jones.
All right, I was just telling Larry Pratt about the LA Times, we just sent him a link
to it.
He's reading it.
It's on infowarsk.com, report on it, but it's Patriot Peril is the headline.
If you guys punch up my screen, I could show TV viewers right here.
LA Times announces white men are the terrorists, and the examiner got it right.
It said LA Times says white men are a greater threat than Al-Qaeda.
So really, really amazing, amazing info to see that, and they say there's a new terrorist.
They're Christian religious people, and they're white, and they believe in guns, and they
believe we're coming for their guns, and they're belligerent.
So we need FBI task forces to come after them.
Here's the Southern Poverty Law Center report, and it's Larry Pratt and Alex Jones.
I mean, they've really crossed the Rubicon on where you say, I don't want social health
care, racist.
I don't want gun control, you're racist.
You go, well, what's your argument that's racist?
Racist.
Larry Pratt, what do you make of that?
They are, I think, at a point where they're really getting kind of desperate.
They were hoping that with Obama in for a term where he doesn't have to face reelection,
that it was going to be Katie Barr at the door, and I think that explains why the media
feeding frenzy following Newtown has far outlasted the feeding frenzy that followed Columbine.
But Columbine was only four years after the Democrats lost control of the House because
of their support for Feinstein's gun ban.
Well, now she's back, and the issue is heating up again, and apparently they think somehow
they're going to be more politically able to take the heat.
I don't think so.
I think they're hurting themselves.
Every day that they keep this debate going is another day that more Americans understand
that, gee, these people really want control over about everything, don't they?
Well, you betcha now you've got the message.
It's not just about guns, it's about everything that free people do and want to do.
And Janet Napolitano has got to be really happy because she's the one that started
out this, at least from the Obama administration, saying that it's people that are constitutionalists,
pro-lifers, pro-Second Amendment veterans.
These are the potential terrorists that police need to be watching out for.
No wonder jihadists are able to blow some big places up because it's like Inspector
Magoo, they're looking at all the wrong places.
Well, the LA Times actually says at the end of the article, Patriot Peril, it says it's
time to shift from Al-Qaeda and shift to the right wing.
And it really is like a bunch of Che Guevara revolutionaries.
They write all these weird articles about how they're gonna arrest us and all the stuff
they're gonna do.
I mean, it's really creepy.
It's really creepy, but I think they haven't checked with the average cop who is maybe
not as enthusiastic about defining a terrorist that way because he's out on the street.
The average cop is.
And he would like to have the working environment as he can.
And I think most cops, maybe not up in the hierarchy where they're sort of bowing and
cow-towing to the politicians, but the average cop wants to come home at night and he knows
that there is an element of danger in his job and his job isn't gonna be made any easier.
Well, they know high gun areas have less crime, all the local and FBI statistics, it's like
49% lower, and the areas where they took all the guns are blood baths for everybody.
Larry, what about the good news on the offense front?
Well, states are fighting back.
Not only are sheriffs, and I think you have talked about that, and the number grows of
the sheriffs that we've identified that are telling the feds, don't try that in my county,
it's not constitutional, and I'll arrest you if you do.
But states are now considering legislation that would tell the feds, we'll make it state
law, that will put you in jail if you come into our state and try to enforce unconstitutional
gun laws.
And in some cases, I think they've also broadened it so that if the feds tried to arrest somebody
for the kind of fertilizer he puts on his farm or a number of other areas where the
feds have completely gone beyond the limits of the gun.
They're talking about jail time in rulemaking, as you know, last year for hay dust.
Well, the jail time that needs to be talked about is a minimum 366 days on a penalty for
violating a state law, say a gun law, which say permits you to do something that the feds
don't like in the Second Amendment area.
If they get convicted in that state of an offense, and they could have been punished
for up to 366 days, it doesn't matter if they never served a day in jail, they lose their
gun rights under federal law, and they're no longer going to be a cop.
What about the gun manufacturers moving in mass to not sell to government agencies that
are anti-gun?
I mean, I think it's time to absolutely defeat these people, or long term, they're gonna
bring in the giant hordes of illegal aliens, indoctrinate them in socialism, and anti-gun
liberty, and it's game over, that they're gonna hunt us down, and then it'll be a giant
civil war.
These people are crazy.
They're very highly motivated, because they wanna control everything.
They're convinced that, like socialists are, that they know best, and that we just need
to shut up and do what we're told, and that's why they tried to control political speech.
John McCain and then others after him have tried to keep us from speaking as much as
we could, politically limiting how much money we'd be able to raise, spend, and so forth.
These people don't wanna have an argument, they just want you and me to shut up.
They'd love nothing better than to take your show off the air and our email off the internet,
which people can get if they go to gunhunters.org.
It's just a never-ending battle, and it's certainly not just about guns.
Larry Pratt, I know you gotta go here in a few minutes.
We were talking during the break.
Any other tidbits of legislative news people need to know, and then we're gonna roll some
video for TV viewers, but for radio listeners, we'll give out the name at the end of the
video when you're talking about it, of the video online.
What is that headline?
I think it's something like Joe Biden by a shotgun.
I think that's all it's called.
Yeah, yeah, and the other video with millions of views is Too Funny Women Take Joe Biden's
Advice.
That's the name of the video.
If you haven't seen that demo, repost it in the tiles at Infowars.com right now.
It's got millions and millions of views, and it shows women who don't know how to shoot
guns, obviously, firing 12-gauges.
And I'll tell you, I've got 12-gauges when you're shooting double-aught buck or slugs
that have a bigger kick than single-shot, without springs like Barrett's, I've got a
Barrett too, that have more kick, okay?
I mean, I got a little bitty short.410 snake charmer that has a bigger kick than a.50.
It's just the way it works, and so you've got these women shooting high-powered 12-gauge
shotguns, blowing them back, and then Biden's saying, get a shotgun, just don't have an
AR-15.
But an AR-15, folks, is perfect for women, because there's almost no recoil.
My eight-year-old daughter shoots bullseye now at about 100 yards with an AR-15, well,
it's an M4 Bushmaster.
The video that I think you and I both are thinking about, it not only shows the women
getting blown back on their backsides, but it also shows a lady who's firing, it looks
like an AR-15, boom, boom, boom, boom, she hardly flinches, and she just keeps going
to the next target, the next target, the next target, and in contrast, you don't need any
lecture.
You just have to look and see what happens to the women following Biden's advice, or
the women that follow somebody who knows something about guns advice.
What do you make of him saying, walk out and fire it in the air?
In most cities, that's a reckless discharge, you're gonna go to jail, I mean, he's giving
people felony advice.
Somebody already did that, and he has been charged, and the problem is, what goes up
has to come down, and so if you're just firing to follow Uncle Joe's advice, you may put
a load of buckshot right in the pool party somewhere down the block, and his advice also
subsequently was followed up by an even better idea, well, just fire through the door.
You really know what's on the other side of the door, is that a really good idea?
And meanwhile, if you fire both of those barrels, you manage to fire both without it blowing
out of your hand, Mrs. America, you're unarmed now, all you have is about a five pound stick,
and you're, you'd have to reload, and that's gonna take a little bit of time, so Uncle
Joe would put you in even graver danger, assuming the gun's still in your hands after you've
fired it, and you haven't committed a local offense by doing it the way he suggested.
You know, when he had that shotgun in his hands, and that picture that may have started
this whole thing off, he's holding it, and he's leaning slightly back, I'll guarantee
you that if he did end up firing that gun after the picture was taken, which I doubt,
he would have been just like the ladies, he would have been back on his keister.
Well, I mean, it's totally ridiculous, it's so easy with a shotgun, all you're just jamming
into your shoulder, and it depends on the shotgun, but I mean, movies show this giant
kick, like Police Academy or something, that's really not how most guns are, but yes, particularly
a sawed off shotgun has one of the worst recoils, but also the barrel rising.
I carry a legally sawed off Russian bounty hunter, just a copy of an American gun, when
I'm in my truck, because I know if somebody ever really does try to mug me or attack me,
even though I'm proficient with handguns, you know, Glocks, you know, 40s, you name
it, Colt 911s, all of them, the problem is under stress, even though I've been shooting
guns since I was four years old, I may hesitate a bit or have a problem.
That's why I like a double barreled shotgun, because I can instantly jam it off safety
with my thumb, it's got two triggers, there's absolutely no thinking about it, and I've
got birdshot, like number eight, so I will not kill people 20 yards behind the person.
But yeah, Biden didn't say have birdshot or something, he said, and women are gonna probably
go by, they might buy slugs and kill somebody half a mile away.
I mean, it is just the worst advice ever.
Yep, the Vice President, the Armourer in Chief, we are just so fortunate to have such a talented
individual and so well informed too, the guy, well, it's too serious to make a joke out
of it.
It is.
In closing, Larry Pratt, thank you for coming on at least once a month to give us updates,
got on our side, ORG, people can go there, sign up for the free email alerts, critical,
critical, critical, and adjust, sleep better at night knowing you've got your watchdogs
up there on Capitol Hill and we salute you and people can also go to the site and become
members and if they don't, they're just not fighting back, the bare minimum, you can do
folks, and people making videos, our culture, we're only getting in the culture war for
liberty now, that's why we're turning the tide, so I think the enemy pushing has awakened
the sleeping giant.
What do you say, Paul Revere?
I think you are dead spot on, I think the longer they continue this phony debate over
Newtown, the more people are understanding that, yeah, this is a battle for freedom.
Let's not discriminate against folks who have decided to be off the grid, give the number
off people to call and join.
Triple eight, double eight, six guns, that's eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, six, and
then the letters G, U, and S. Larry, we'll talk to you again soon, God bless her.
I look forward to it, thank you, God bless you, my friend.
You bet, there goes Larry Pratt, we would have had our guns taken if it wasn't for that
group.
You gotta say one group, man, I get goosebumps, I mean, that's a rock star right there.
Okay, let's go to this David Knight report he put together for Aaron Dykes, was it Jacari
Jackson last night, did the news portion, on what happened with Cruz and the witch Diane
Feinstein.
Do you hear she's starring in the new Wizard Oz movie?
I mean, I saw an ad for it, that's Diane Feinstein, so here she is.
She has an instinct to dominate you and your family, she's gonna have armed guards and
her billion bucks or whatever with her husband, you're gonna have your guns taken to be gang
raped.
So here is the witch king of Angor, Diane Feinstein, throwing, well, here's Linda Blair
puking split pea soup at Ted Cruz, here it is.
One I'm not a sixth grader, Senator, I've been on this committee for 20 years.
There was a rare discussion on the Constitution and individual rights today in the Senate.
Senator Cruz brought it up with Senator Feinstein, and she was not amused.
There's some 100 pages of the bill that specify particular firearms that if this bill were
passed, Congress would have deemed prohibited.
Second Amendment in the Bill of Rights provides that the right of the people to keep and bear
arms shall not be infringed.
The term, the right of the people, when the framers included it in the Bill of Rights,
they used it as a term of art.
That same phrase, the right of the people, is found in the first amendment, the right
of the people to peaceably assemble and to petition their government for redress of grievances.
It's also found in the fourth amendment, the right of the people to be free from unreasonable
searches and seizures.
And the question that I would pose to the senior senator from California is, would she
deem it consistent with the Bill of Rights for Congress to engage in the same endeavor
that we are contemplating doing with the second amendment in the context of the first or fourth
amendment?
Namely, would she consider it constitutional for Congress to specify that the first amendment
shall apply only to the following books and shall not apply to the books that Congress
has deemed outside the protection of the Bill of Rights?
Likewise, would she think that the fourth amendment's protection against such searches
and seizures could properly apply only to the following specified individuals and not
to the individuals that Congress has deemed outside the protection of the Bill of Rights?
Senator?
One, I'm not a sixth grader.
Senator, I've been on this committee for 20 years.
I was a mayor for nine years.
I walked in, I saw people shot.
I've looked at bodies that have been shot with these weapons.
I've seen the bullets that implode, and Sandy Hook youngsters were dismembered.
Feinstein waves the bloody shirt of Sandy Hook.
She lectures the new senator on how long she's been around.
It's fine you want to lecture me on the Constitution, I appreciate it.
Just know I've been here for a long time, I've passed on a number of bills, I've studied
the Constitution myself, I'm reasonably well educated-
You're a demon.
And I'm here for the lecture.
Incidentally, this does not prohibit, you use the word prohibit, it exempts 2,271 weapons.
Isn't that enough for the people of the United States?
She wants our guns.
Do you see how she changed a fundamental right to a government-granted privilege?
You have a God-given right to own any weapon.
That right is recognized by the supreme law of the land, but Feinstein graciously allows
you to have only weapons she lists.
The analogy that Cruz had but didn't press would be that all books would be prohibited
unless expressly permitted.
Feinstein would provide a list of government-approved books, and you should be grateful to her for
her generosity.
I would note that she chose not to answer the question that I asked, which is, in her
judgment, would it be consistent with the Constitution for Congress to specify which
books are permitted and which books are not, and to use the specific number-
The answer is obvious, no.
So Feinstein says she wouldn't censor books, only guns.
There are congresses in the business of making law.
The Supreme Court interprets the law.
Senator knows having attended law school and professes to have some experience in the Constitution,
none of these rights are absolute.
Here you go.
The God-given rights of we the people, we who created the government and delegated carefully
prescribed powers to it, we no longer have absolute rights.
Congress and politically appointed judges will tell us what we're allowed to own.
That's right, and they give themselves absolute rights, though.
Above the Constitution to insider trade, commit crimes, exempt themselves from gun laws, they
are enemies.
They work for the new world order, they are the occupation army.
And if you don't admit that, we have no hope.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day.
If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better.
You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared.
For years, we've told you about our friends at eFoods Direct.
They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food on the planet.
This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight.
A long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing
you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from eFoods Direct.
Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping
on all food supplies.
Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared.
Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
Hello, this is Ty Bollinger, author of the bestselling book Cancer Step Outside the Box.
I want you to know some very important information.
In 1985, President Ronald Reagan requested that carnivora be sent directly to the White
House at a time when only the President could obtain its world-class healer.
Now 27 years later, carnivore capsules are used around the world to keep people healthy.
Now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in this age of superbugs with 17 naturally
occurring compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal cells only without harming a single
normal cell.
If you want to stay healthy, now's your chance to literally wake up your critical
immune cells to attack harmful invaders that don't belong in your body.
Call 1-866-VenusFly or order from Carnivora.com, that's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A dot com.
That's 1-866-836-8735, 1-866-VenusFly or visit Carnivora.com.
Protect your immune system.
It's the only one you've got.
We've lived in this neighborhood for years.
We have an alarm system and all of our doors have deadbolts.
They kicked in our door and were in and out of our house in about five minutes.
The police arrived in about 20 minutes, but they were long gone with our TV jewelry and
my guns.
I kept thinking, what if my family had been home?
The police officer said that more than 85% of break-ins are through a door and that deadbolts
alone don't stop intruders.
The officer told me to go to EasyArmor.net if we wanted something that would actually
stop an intruder.
Easy Armor reinforces all of the weak points on your doors and is guaranteed to prevent
kick-ins.
I was surprised at how little Easy Armor costs and I installed Easy Armor in about 30 minutes.
Visit EasyArmor.net.
That's the letters E-Z-A-R-M-O-R dot net or call 888-58-ARMER.
That's 888-582-7667, EasyArmor.net, ultimate door security made easy.
We are back live, ladies and gentlemen, take a few phone calls in this segment the next
and Joel Skousen is going to be joining us via video Skype, beginning to North Korea
saying Nuke America, kill, kill, kill.
I've never heard such an escalation and we're going to see what Joel's take is on that and
the gun grabbing that's going on and everything else.
You know, Joel thinks we've got five, ten years to literally drop the hammer and things
do tend to move slow because that's how the globalists win and I'm seeing things really
move quicker and quicker.
So we'll have a discussion about that and continue with your phone calls.
Don't forget to support the broadcast.
I know I'd forget to plug to support the broadcast.
Support our sponsors on the radio, on the local radio affiliates you listen to, spread
the word about the broadcast, get a prisonplanet.tv nightly news subscription to watch the nightly
news that I, my reporters work on and also the books, the videos, the t-shirts, the products,
clicking on the banners, supporting the online sponsors.
That's what funds this operation and the best films, books, you name it are all available
at mfallwarstore.com.
You can also call and ask any questions about propure water filtration discounted with promo
code water and so much more by simply calling 888-253-3139, 888-253-3139.
Robbie in New York, thanks for holding your on the air.
Hey Alex, how's it going?
Well, it's a crazy world, isn't it?
Larry Pratt gave us some bad news and some good news.
The bottom line is we're in a fight for our entire bill of rights right now.
Oh yes sir.
A little bit of good news here, the 52 out of 62 New York counties have introduced resolutions
to repeal the New York State Act and thank God my county, Oneida, is one of them.
Five of the ones that didn't were in New York City and the other five were just I think
maybe more southern counties, but if they could introduce something like this, I really
just don't want to live in this state anymore and who's to say they won't do it again in
the future, even if we can get it repealed, you know, it's just, they've crossed the line
with me.
I don't own guns yet.
I haven't had the money, but you know, I'd like the opportunity to, and it's just kind
of ridiculous for people who were, you know, in the market, so to speak, and all the sheriffs
are standing up too.
That's a great sign.
Well, I mean, it's like 500 now plus, but see, the feds don't care.
They're gonna run stings, they're gonna harass, they're gonna demonize, and again, I played
the clips, Dianne Feinstein going, we're going to get this done, if not now, later.
There will be more incidents and she smiles.
I mean, she's this little demonic smirk, a little tongue flicks out, I'll play it later
in the next hour.
I mean, they know, they set it up where every time a child dies from a gun, it's your fault.
It's collectivism.
And every time somebody beats up a homosexual, it's everyone who's heterosexual's fault.
Or every time a white guy beats up a black guy, it's racism, but if a black guy beats
up a white guy, it's not reported.
It's just all about identity politics, so that we can't get down to individual liberties.
Cuz when we all have rights, and it's all about what does that person stand for?
What do they produce?
What do they do?
What are their ideas?
Then that's a great culture, where the people that have the real talent excel, and that's
people from all groups.
They want a mafia system where they control people through their racial and religious
leaders.
It's tribalism.
And I want my tribe to be the Bill of Rights, the Constitution, the Declaration of Independence.
I'm a constitutionalist, and I know it's inspired by God, and I know America's special and has
a destiny.
But America has been taken over for a long time, over 100 years, and been used as an
engine of evil.
And that's how evil has always worked.
Next hour, your calls are coming up.
You are listening to GCN.
Visit GCNlive.com today.
Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers.
The prognosis for the entire planetary economic system runs from bad to worse.
The globalist model is to shut down societies and starve patriots out until they acquiesce
to the global takeover.
That's why we've assembled the most vital and important preparedness items at InfoWarsShop.com.
These are items that I did research on, that I personally use.
We've got the LifeStraw, so you can turn fetid water into safe water anywhere you go.
The Ktor Handcrank Generator, to charge up key equipment during power outages or out
in the field.
Strategic Relocation, third edition by Joel Skousen.
When Disaster Strikes by Matthew Stein.
TheraSafe, used by Homeland Security to protect yourself during any radiological event.
Handcrank shortwave AM-FM radios.
Everything that we've researched and found to be the best is available at InfoWarsShop.com.
And your purchase makes our InfoWar possible.
We're getting prepared.
Are you?
InfoWarsShop.com.
Waging war on corruption.
Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Big Brother, Mainstream Media, Government Cover-Ups.
You want answers?
Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
We're taking more of your phone calls now.
We'll get some more of your phone calls with Joel Skousen coming up.
I want to get into the race-based politics, too, as he talked about in the film presentation
we did, the Strategic Relocation, he talks about in his book as well.
We sell both at InfoWarStore.com.
Of course, I produce the film, of course we sell it.
But he got into how they're going to do that more and more as a tool of control.
But I first want to get into North Korea and the rest of that with Joel Skousen coming
up in the next segment, and how he thinks we can turn things around in this country.
But let's talk to Shiloh in Ohio.
You're on the air, Shiloh.
Thanks for holding.
Hello.
How are you doing, Alex?
I'm doing all right.
It's always good to be on the radio.
Well, I live in a small town in Ohio, and I was arrested with a statement from somebody.
It was pretty messed up.
It was in front of my kids and everything.
They didn't have a warrant.
And the thing is, is after everything was said and done, I had to sit my kids down and
tell them, you know, not all police are bad.
There are some good people out there that are in law enforcement.
But more and more, it is getting twisted and authoritarian.
There's no doubt of that.
But, you know, I mean, did the cops sign a false statement about you or did somebody
else say you did something?
No, this was a citizen.
But I mean, what are they going to do if somebody files a false affidavit that you what they
said you threatened to kill him?
No, my son dinged their car and it just got out of hand.
Yeah.
Well, a lot of people do that once the lady then said that you threatened her, why they
arrest you?
No, no, no.
They said it was a hit and run and stuff like that.
But it really wasn't a hit and run.
Well, see, here's the deal, a guy in Florida released some heart balloons for his girlfriend
and they're charging him with a felony.
They have environmental laws in Europe.
They're now coming in here.
They try to get them federally where I saw in Australia a guy got like five years in
jail because a small battery fell out of the cordless phone in the backyard and a neighbor
reported it's the green police.
You've seen those Audi commercials a few years ago that show people being arrested for having
the wrong light bulbs.
And then I said, that's real.
That's a conditioning show that they're putting on the Super Bowl and everywhere.
And then later the producers came out like six months later in the San Francisco Chronicle
and said, we were hired to do this to get people ready and admitted it was conditioning.
See, Joel Scales has always talked about underground bases.
I've talked about it.
They call it a conspiracy theory.
Now they've announced the big giant underground bases and more to be built.
I don't need to be told about them.
My grandfather lived in Austin, worked with people in business.
One of his good friends was a construction person.
We also had family out there, I've double confirmed it.
There are underground tunnels under Bergstrom, the former SAC command base, one of the biggest
in the country, from under the Hilton all the way out to Fort Hood under some mountains
where they store nuclear weapons.
I mean, that's classified, but they're there.
And here it is in the news, US Air Force plans to build a huge network of underground tunnels.
But look, finishing up here with your call, what are you trying to get at here?
That the system lied about you and now you went to jail?
And so you force a jury trial, you put it on the stand, you go all the way, you don't
plea bargain.
That's right, you gotta stand up for your rights, cuz if you don't stand up, nobody
else will.
So what's happened with the case?
Well, I still have to go to court and everything, but there's another situation that I wanted
to talk about too, which is the gun rights and stuff like that with the police.
They're passing out felonies like they're candy.
I mean, it's just absurd how they make these laws to where if you steal so much money or
steal something that's worth so much money, then they change the laws to make it-
They're making everything a felony.
Look, they have the three biggest prison companies now in multiple states, New Mexico and others,
running the school security and training the kids for prison induction.
This is the giant reeducation camp.
Get you in the criminal justice system, injustice system, get you in the government system,
get you on welfare, get you on the psychiatric system, or give you deadly vaccines and get
you in the medical system.
This is a scientific, anthropogenic global takeover using binary weapons.
We'll be right back.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company.
Max and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning
needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms, but if you don't have a home security
system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe.
It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to getsimplisafe.com SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit, or shed.
Check SimpliSafe.com SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to
install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day.
If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better.
You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared.
For years, we've told you about our friends at eFoods Direct.
They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food on the planet.
This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight.
A long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing
you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from eFoods Direct.
Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping
on all food supplies.
Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared.
Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
We now take you live to the Central Texas Command Center in the heart of the resistance.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Show.
All right, for the balance of the hour on this Friday edition, Joel Skousen of World
Affairs Brief, he's the editor over there.
He was, of course, a Marine Corps aviator on aircraft carriers during Vietnam and his
uncle was one of the first to iconically really expose how the mega bankers actually fund
communism as a tool of consolidation and control.
Cleon Skousen, who Glenn Beck credits with waking him up about five years ago and three
years ago when Beck started getting a little bit better.
So that's good.
And he also, of course, has written the book Strategic Relocation.
The new edition is out.
We sell it at Infowars.com.
And I made a documentary presentation, it's close to three hours, with Joel Skousen.
It's very well done and covers a lot that's not in the book.
Some is in the book that isn't in the film.
That's why we both have them together, discounted together at InfowarsStore.com if you want
to support Joel and ourselves and yourself with information.
You can also get the Secure Home, Architectural Design, Construction and Remodeling of Self-Sufficient
Residences and High Capacity Retreats.
That book is the Bible of Secure Homes.
And I really like his strategy of having more hidden areas, not as ostentatious.
He's got it for people that don't have any budget or people that have giant budgets.
That's all available at InfowarsStore.com or 888-253-3139 through a plug-in.
But that's not why he's here today so much about Strategic Relocation.
He's here because we've always talked about North Korea could be the trigger down the
road for something larger and the Middle East is just proxy wars.
But I wanted to go around the world with him.
What's happening in Libya, Syria, the admissions, Mohammed Karzai coming out and saying the
West runs, Al-Qaeda, so much of this being revealed.
We also now have the North Korean third-generational king, is really what it is, dictator toddling
around, saying, I'll nuke you, I'll blow up San Diego.
I'm preparing to strike, ending the armistice.
So the war had just been in a ceasefire, saying we end the armistice.
There wasn't even an armistice.
He just calls it that.
I guess that means state of war.
Are the Chinese pushing them to do this?
Because I know it's kind of a client of them.
Isn't that?
I'm not calling for the global to start a war.
And then Joel gets into the three power blocks, the Russians, the Chinese, and then the Anglo-American
establishment and their allies, all those groups have allies.
There's a lot of interchange between the communist Chinese and the Anglo-Americans.
Joel thinks there'll be a double crossing.
Saw a top Russian general last week, former head of their intelligence operations, come
out and basically sounded like Joel Skalz and from the Russian perspective saying they
think China might double cross them with the Anglo-Americans, but that they hope China
will actually double cross us.
But this is all academic.
Well, the public needs to know all this is going on, and then I wanna look at what's
happening domestically with him, also get his take.
I see blackmail going on against the House of Windsor and all that stuff and against
the Catholic Church.
So what, a lot of stuff's moving right now.
And so Joel Skalzen, who really pants himself out of all his hats as a geopolitical analyst,
I think he does a pretty good job of it, has an interesting outlook and perspective.
So I wanted to get him on to break that down.
Joel, there's my layout of what I'm concerned about.
What is your overall take, first off, on North Korea?
Well, this has been a great, provided a great deal of consternation from my subscribers
to the World Affairs Brief, because I've always said that China and Russia aren't ready and
that North Korea is being preserved as a trigger event for World War III.
It's very clear that the US treats them very differently than Iran, for example.
If Iran adjusted nuclear weapons and it actually outright threatened the United States, we
would have attacked within 24 hours.
And yet when North Korea does it, everyone just says, ho ho.
Well, in fact, our intelligence knows, as I suspect, that North Korea is bluffing, that
they have been sounding off and being a boisterous bad boy for decades.
People forget that almost every year North Korea attacks the South Korean with physical
weapons.
We've attacked the United States, they've attacked the United States of America, the
USS Pueblo, and we did nothing about it.
So it's very, very clear that the United States is not intending to take on North Korea, is
intending to preserve it, has guaranteed North Korea that they won't seek for regime change,
even though it's the most tyrannical regime in the world.
It's a literal national prison camp for everyone there.
But I have never heard the kind of rhetoric escalation that has occurred in the past three
or four days, where they're actually claiming, you know, we're going to strike you, we're
going to do a preemptive strike.
And now one of the consultants to the Russian military has come out and said, you have to
look at these things, whether or not they're true, the Russians, you know, are masters
of disinformation.
So you just don't know whenever they come out and speak whether or not they're putting
out disinformation or not.
But they're saying that North Korea's explosion was a plutonium explosion.
And they got this from insider information, not from electronic monitoring, which the
US uses to determine what type of an explosion North Korea is testing.
Now, if there was a plutonium explosion, let's just suppose that the Russian is telling the
truth.
It couldn't have come from North Korea.
This had to be technology transferred from Russia or China.
And that supports what I have always said that North Korea is a puppet state of Russia
and China.
They're not developing this stuff independently.
China is not playing straight to the West when it claims to be trying to restrain North
Korea.
Although ultimately, there is the restraint in the sense that I don't believe North Korea
is going to be allowed to start World War Three or strike South Korea in a way that
will start World War Three without China and Russia saying we're ready to go to back you
up.
Now, Joel, Joel, we're gonna work with you during the break on maybe getting you to go
to cell phone.
I know you're out in the middle of nowhere right now.
Your Skype's just, I thought I tested it during the break, but it's just not, it's kinda hard
to understand what you're saying for our audience out there and it's very important.
Basically, whenever I look at North Korea and study governments and body language and
the way they behave and Dennis Rodman and all of it, I mean, I understand it's a client
of China.
But it really is its own hallucinating, bizarre world of big government and cult of personality,
Dark Ages type deal from my perspective.
And I've seen the sun in the year he's been in power go from a wide-eyed boarding student
from Switzerland to having the demonic crazed look of the taste of his father and grandfather
before him.
So, I mean, it looks to me like North Korea is, at a certain level, its own rogue insanity.
I understand China's there.
And in history, these guys do always buy off more than they can chew.
I mean, there could be any type of interchange they've already had in the last year.
Artillery barrages, people getting killed, shooting at each other, ships being grabbed.
I know this has been going on for 60 years, right at 60 years.
But I mean, am I wrong in saying this is a cresting of events?
Your last remark, are you wrong in saying that?
I mean, is this a cresting of events?
As I say, my gut feeling is that it is not.
What I think is happening here is that China's allowing the rhetoric to escalate.
And remember, this is a very young guy.
He's not running the show.
This is the same old military oligarch behind him that's really running the show.
Sure, but they look completely insane.
I mean, they look like psychopaths when you look at them.
But what I'm saying is China's allowing North Korea to escalate because this suits their
purpose.
Remember, China and Russia don't necessarily want to get blamed for North Korea starting
the war.
So it's in their interest to let North Korea appear as if it's out of control.
It is, in my opinion, that when North Korea does a full on strike of South Korea, the
only way the U.S. will be able to stop that is with tactical nuclear weapons.
I mean, the overwhelming military strength of North Korea versus the South and versus
the puny 13,000 U.S. troops we have there is literally undefensible without tactical
nuclear weapons.
So if the U.S. responds with tactical nukes, then China and Russia have the excuse to come
in and say, ah, the U.S. started a nuclear war.
We're going to respond.
Absolutely.
That makes sense what you're saying.
But I mean, I look at these clowns, these generals, I mean, I've tried to study North
Korea and I know you've studied this as well.
What is the power structure there?
We know it's the military and that whole system, but they have the same I mean, I've never
seen government people in any film reels anywhere.
Nazi Soviets, Maoist look this crazy and you know, just just total disconnect from reality
on a power trip.
I mean, they look totally insane.
Are there are there any communist Chinese behind them that we're not seeing that are
actually running these sycophants?
Yes, there are Alex.
There are Chinese generals assigned full time to the North Korean military as advisers.
And believe me, they turn the screws and they control what happens.
But you have to remember the North Korean military mentality.
They've been living in a martial law state for 60 years now.
They they live by hype.
They have to hide all of the military.
The war is imminent.
They have to continue driving people with excuses and driving their own show as it collapses.
That makes sense.
They've got to hyper escalate the hype.
What's happening?
And so they keep their people believing in the military state of siege that they're living
under by this height.
But it does not mean, in my opinion, that they're ready, because ultimately, sure, China
will control when they go.
Believe me, Alex, this is the only thing we've got to go in that China and Russia are not
ready yet.
You'll see a year from now, this wave will pass, even though other incidents of rhetoric
will will escalate.
But the strike on the south, you know, in a World War Three scenario, I don't believe
will happen for several years.
Well, we're gonna go to break and I want to get into the geopolitical ways this fits in
from your perspective.
I mean, that's really what is going on.
You can debate when it's going to happen or what the total total agenda is.
But for the general listeners, what the power structure is, what's happening in the Middle
East, what's happening with the Vatican, what's happening domestically with the L.A. Times
and the Southern Poverty Law Center, the most radical rhetoric I've ever seen.
Is it a sign of weakness or strength that they're saying white Christians are terrorists?
I mean, that is inherently like Hitler saying Jews are terrorists or Soviets saying capitalists
are terrorists and that we need task force, task forces to come after us.
The flipping from Al-Qaeda being the reason we have homeland security on the American
people.
We're going to go there with Joel Skousen as well.
Right here on Infowars, the radio transmission tonight, the nightly news, seven o'clock Infowars
at Nightly News, prison planet on TV.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cow
Bend Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are Earth friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning
needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Don't throw away leftovers.
Instead, throw all your leftovers, vegetable peels, egg shells, coffee grounds, pizza crusts
and more into the Bokashi.
If you love to garden and compost but don't like the hassle of turning a compost bin or
the smell, then check out the E.M. Bokashi food waste recycling system from Taraganics.
Finally a way to recycle all your food and plant waste safely and effectively and stop
using fertilizers.
The E.M. Bokashi food waste recycling system.
Rather than decomposition, the Bokashi system uses fermentation to break down waste so it
takes less time to create nutrient dense humus for crops or gardens with no turning and no
obnoxious odors.
To learn more and order your Bokashi online, visit taraganics.com and click on the orange
button.
Taraganics.com, spelled T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X.com or call 866-369-3678.
That's 866-369-3678.
Recycle all your food wastes in about six weeks with the Bokashi food waste recycling
system from taraganics.com.
Taraganics.
Life's getting better.
Now there's an amazing new natural antibiotic every person must have.
It's cells alive silver solution and it destroys over 650 hard to kill viruses, fungus, bacteria
and much more.
Cells alive silver solution has no expiration date, is great for emergency kits and storage
shelters and comes in 8 or 16 ounce bottles.
Order today at 888-910-4367 or visit hempusa.org.
Hempusa.org, 100% chemical free super foods and unique health products.
We the people grow cotton, wheat fabric, engrave ink, embed strips and fibers to protect from
counterfeit and carting to a private bank, having it lead back at interest, forcing taxes
to service debt.
Is capitalism or was Jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing the public
currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than a standing army?
Hi, Ted Anderson.
I'm placing a free silver dollar in a book that explains our monetary system.
Call for your copy, 800-686-2237.
It's time to understand the system.
Call 800-686-2237.
That's 800-686-2237.
Hey there, my name is Frank Bates.
Do you know the number one most valuable item in a crisis?
Some people think the answer is gold.
Others think it's a gun, but the correct answer will shock you.
I just created a free video at crisis123.com that reveals a surprising item that is more
valuable than gold in a crisis.
Ninety-seven percent of Americans don't have this one critical item.
In fact, they haven't even given it a thought, and the sad truth is that you may not survive
without it when a real crisis hits and a starving mob is right outside your door.
What I have to tell you could literally make the difference between life and death for
you and your family.
Watch my video at crisis123.com to discover the number one most valuable item in a crisis.
You'll be shocked.
See the controversial video that thousands of other smart patriots have already seen
in the last three months.
Go watch my video now at crisis123.com before they force me to shut it down.
Again, that's crisis123.com.
All right, this is a short segment.
We're going to get into domestic stuff with Joel in the next segment, but finishing up
with North Korea.
Look, I'm not pro-war because I know the globalists used war to get us into debt, and they don't
care about actually helping countries, and I don't like an imperial mode.
You know, Vietnam that you were in, all this stuff is bad, obviously, and the globalists
were funding the Russians to fund the Chinese to fund Vietnam, North Vietnam, you know,
while my uncle was over there and while you were over there.
But expanding on this, when I see North Korea and the power trip and how they break up the
families and put them in forced labor camps, and then, you know, that guy's sitting there
getting in everybody's face, and I know the West likes it as an excuse to keep troops
in Japan and troops in South Korea.
Isn't there some way outside of their system, is there any way North Korea could ever become
freed at least to some extent?
I mean, I just, I mean, if they're going to drone innocent villages to kill one bad guy,
I just, you know, somebody's there in an artillery barrage doing tests saying, I may attack you,
prepare to fire, North Korea prepares to strike, I mean, isn't it in self-defense to get rid
of that regime?
Is there any way to do that?
There really isn't, because you see, anybody in the West that is controlled by the globalist
knows that we don't want to get rid of that regime.
We want it there to start World War III.
You know, that's what Americans have trouble grasping, is that our government, our globalist
establishment wants this war, it is what will finally drive Western people into a militarized
new world order, and nothing else will do it.
Not boiling the frog, not slow gradualism, not treaties with the UN, will rebel eventually
against those when they get too onerous.
It's only war that will drive so.
There's nobody in the West that wants to get rid of North Korea.
They like that provocation, and that's why it's gonna remain.
Well, something that backs up what you're saying is that I've looked at the numbers,
the US has more than half the world's, about 53%, depending on the year, of total defense
spending worldwide.
And then that's not counting black budget spending, but the underground tunnelers, the
underground bases, the Adam and Eve centers, you know, the emergency vaults, the food vaults,
the redoubts, and now US Air Force plans to build huge network of underground tunnels
effort to make nuclear missiles less vulnerable to attack.
That's come out in inside defense.
That's been happening for a long time, talk about underground bases.
What do you make of them being public about this right now?
I don't think that that system will ever get built and I don't think it's effective.
The reason is, it's just like the railroad track system they designed for Utah as an
alternative where they were going to put the MXs to drive them around on tracks to avoid
getting targeted.
That would have actually worked, but taking them to underground bases will not work because
you've got to have pop-up silos at periodic, and those are fixed.
They're just as easy for the Russians to detect as the missile silos, maybe half as easy to
detect as the missile silos, but they're fixed points.
So all they've got to do is target those pop-up points from the underground railroad and you
defeat the system.
So I don't see it as going to be able to work at all.
Now let me just say though that I'm actually glad to see them come out in the open about
building underground tunnels because there's been an awful lot of garbage come out on the
net about nuclear boring machines and tunnels much more than exist.
Nuclear boring machines do not exist.
You can't melt down rocks and have anybody survive and you still have lava to get rid
of.
But they do have big tunneling machines.
Yes, absolutely.
But what I'm just trying to debunk is some of the videos that have been out there about
the trucker who was actually at one of the Missouri sites, which does have a bunch of
underground caverns, and they talked to me saying I drove to Washington DC underground.
It's just bogus.
Now, but I will tell you there are underground tunnels here in Texas.
Yes.
And what I'm saying is there, you have to get rid of the dirt.
There is no nuclear disappearing dirt machine.
And there are literally mountains of dirt that have to come out.
No, there's artificial mountains at Fort Hood from when they built these in the 50s and
60s.
I understand you can track all that, but there's no way that we track tunnels the length of
going to Washington DC.
That's a mountain the size of Mount St. Helens, you know.
Can't do it.
So I'm just saying there are tunnels, there are underground bases, they're all over
Area 51 and under a lot of other things, but they're not to the extent that some of the
phony people are putting out on the web.
So we have to be careful.
Sure.
No, I mean, I mean, what they've got in Texas was built to the SAC base and this is classified
folks.
I mean, this is all I mean, I know this from family that's seen it.
It runs from Bergstrom that was the Air Force base out to Fort Hood.
And that's the one thing they know about.
I'm sure there's more out there, but that's where they used to store the nukes actually
out under the mountain and then run it the 65 miles to the SAC base with the B-52s out
here.
We'll be right back with Joel Scales and on the other side, you can go stay at the Hilton
over there.
That's the old SAC base command center.
We're on the march.
The Empire's on the run.
Alex Jones and the GCN radio network.
I had tried everything.
I'd cut back the amount of food I was eating.
I was lifting weights and jogging, but nothing was working.
My body was literally starving for minerals and trace elements as well as key vitamins.
And as soon as I had that, I immediately could eat half of what I was eating previously and
be satisfied.
Now, there are hundreds of great products at info worst team dot com, but I want to
point out the three that have helped me lose 37 pounds in just two months.
Products like Beyond Tangy Tangerine, Holland Burst and Rebound.
When I started taking the Tangy Tangerine and other products every day, I lost more
than 37 pounds in just two months.
Now that's results.
I want to challenge my listeners to go to info wars team dot com and to order just three
of their products.
And you will see the changes in the way you look, feel and in your appetite almost immediately.
Start your journey to health and wellness today.
info wars team dot com introducing pro wine, all of your filtration in one system portable
on the go.
No more.
Do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride?
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95 percent of hydrofluorosolic
acid.
Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
aqua medics, advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one
filter element.
It is the only one that does it and out of the gates.
We have a discounted at 10 percent off with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your pro pure with a new pro one filters today at info war store dot com or by calling
888-253-3139.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold and weapons, but how will these items
help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria,
viruses, moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural silver has over 500 different uses and a long term shelf life, making it
the number one choice of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to supernatural
silver dot com.
Use the promo code prepared for 20 percent off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
Alex Jones here back live, thank you for joining us on this Friday edition.
I'll be back this Sunday, 4 to 6 p.m. central with the Sunday syndicated radio broadcast
picked up by stations like 590 a.m. right here in Texas and over, it's close to 100
affiliates on the weekend show, over 150 on the weekday broadcast, a lot of the affiliates
crossover but a lot of affiliates only carry the Sunday show, so it's a very important
broadcast.
It's also important to support this show but also support yourself with the information
and we do carry the excellent documentary film that I produced, Strategic Relocation,
Joel Skousen details the safest places to live and how to secure your home on a region
by region basis and it really is in depth and we also carry his book, The Secure Home
and we also carry Strategic Relocation, the big color, thick book, third edition, which
is the latest info on your region, your area, not just where if you can move anywhere, where
does he think the safest area is, I've talked to a lot of other experts also that can carry
this analysis but if you have to stay in your region, where's the best area?
I mean, I've used this information myself and family has, it's very important, all available
at Infowarsstore.com or Infowarshop.com or click on the shopping cart link at prisonplanet.com
or Infowars.com and we're fighting the construction of the prison planet, it doesn't matter if
you have a Russian block, a Chinese block, the Anglo-American globalist block, they all
basically have the same systems, whatever the latest control is, to consolidate power
but they do fight with each other at certain levels and Joel, I wanted to get your take
on where you see things geopolitically right now, how the system's handling the fact that
it's coming out to the west runs Al-Qaeda and that most of this stuff is inside jobs,
how they're trying to flip, I don't know if you've seen it but knowing you, you have.
The LA Times came out and said white Christian gun owners are inherently terrorist, I read
the quotes yesterday and they went on to basically say they're a greater threat than Al-Qaeda,
worse than Al-Qaeda, go after them, they use words like they're belligerent, they need
to be taught and they're horrible and there's no new world order and there's no gun control
and I mean, it's just cartoonish until you realize that they're openly in the training
manuals that we broke four years ago, shifting none of its Al-Qaeda now.
It's gun owners, preppers, libertarians, returning veterans, if I was a Soviet takeover, I know
the globalist aren't Soviets but they're using that same management system of a country,
say Romania or something, this is how I would do it and it's such incredible proof that
these are the bad guys, I just can't believe they're getting away with it, what is the
method to it, what's your take on that and then like I said, let's get into some of the
other geopolitical things, Joel.
Well, it's very interesting because it is precisely the same way in which they have
gotten a lot of fundamentalist Muslims to rise up with even more fervor against the
United States by provoking them, by actually threatening them and occupying them.
What have they done in the United States?
They've actually come up with very draconian statements and draconian gun laws and threatened
our fundamental rights, especially in terms of assault weapons and so they've got the
American right to come out and reaffirm that this is not just about self-defense, the second
amendment, it's not just about hunting, it's about defending against tyranny and so all
of a sudden they're taking all of these quotes about sheriffs and all of us coming out and
correctly stating our position and saying, you see, they're going to go to war against
the government.
In other words, they've provoked us into coming out and opening and focusing on the
ultimate purpose of the second amendment and then turning that against us by saying, you
see, look at how many are out there claiming that they're going to defend themselves with
their weapons against us, the government, we're the friends, we're not going to take
away their guns.
Well, they're clearly, the Southern Poverty Law Conference, of course, is the one who
has engendered all of these articles from the LA Times to others, you know, coming out
having the audacity to just talk about phony conspiracy theories that Obama wanted to take
away their guns.
Well, it's not a conspiracy theory, it's a fact.
It's an admitted fact by the administration, by Dianne Feinstein and the rest, but it's
interesting that I find that we've fallen into their trap, they've provoked us to
come out and defend our position and now they're using our defended position to prove that
we are a threat.
I don't know how there is any way to combat that kind of stuff.
They are trying to force a confrontation and I've seen the TV shows, the movies, the
behind-the-scenes training, now that they're going public, saying being white is inherently
an act of terror, being a Christian is inherently an act of terror.
That means, in my past experience, that's when they do a false flag, is when they've
done all these preparations and then go public, that's when they do the Oklahoma City, the
Fast and Furious, the 9-11.
Do you concur with that?
In the long run, yes, it's the same thing that happened in Nazi Germany and the denigration
of the Jews and then blaming them for things and having a few false flag operations, but
the Nazis, interestingly enough, did things fairly rapidly and crudely.
It's been my estimation that the powers that we're dealing with have learned a lot from
that time, a bit more sophisticated, take a little bit longer view, it isn't necessarily
imminent.
Because of our history of liberty in this nation, it's taking a lot longer to accustom
the American people.
You know, the Germans were really a yes-man type society, they were militaristic, they
were believed in following orders, it was pretty easy to get to railroads and to go
along with things.
You know, they built a tremendous opposition in the United States.
We got, I estimate, nearly a third of Americans who were vehemently suspicious of government
and not inclined to go along with it.
Oh, well, they had a poll that now 70% are, but I agree, 30% are hardcore.
So I see it backfiring on them, and the fact that they've gone with the slow approach shows
that we're overall winning at many levels.
And Brzezinski's written a book, giving speeches, saying their program's about 10 years behind.
I tend to agree with that, I don't think that's them playing possum, do you disagree with
that?
No, they're not playing possum, they're working very hard to move the American people off
center.
And, you know, Sandy Hook was one of those seminal events that helped do that.
But do you agree that they're behind?
Oh, absolutely, they're behind.
I mean, we knew from 2004 they were trying to pull off this, go these raids into attacking
Iran and it hasn't happened yet.
And you know, even I thought it would happen by the spring already, and yet they still
haven't been able to knock off Assad in Syria, and it can't attack Iran until Assad's out
of the way.
And so things are definitely behind schedule.
But you know, they've got a long term deal here and they'll take whatever time, whatever
it takes.
But the one thing that they won't do, Alex, they won't pull off martial law without a
significant excuse that would actually convert the rest of the Americans and say, wow, our
government really is out of control.
They won't do that.
In other words, they're close to doing it now.
And ultimately, much bigger, major events to justify the kind of draconian things that
we know that they're preparing for ultimately.
Sure.
What do you make of their denial of two million bullets, 2,700 giant armored vehicles?
All that's admitted, and I see that backfiring as other mainstream media is forced to admit
it is true, while they have all the White House organs saying it's not true.
You know what, I really think they're having trouble with the fact that so many people
are out there and really see what they're doing.
Well, actually, I think when I look at all of the numbers of bullets that they claim
to be ordering, in fact, the orders aren't there.
Those are potential orders.
Sure.
It's typical in federal contracting, but even the potential orders are way out of line.
I'm actually convinced now that all of these orders are meant to draw us out.
They want to draw out a very strong and vigorous action from us.
It does speak of tyranny.
It's like the 2,717 MRAP vehicles that they're repurposing from Iran.
It's real.
Those are not all going to Homeland Security.
They're in fact getting those out to local law enforcement so that it's distributed.
But what I'm saying is it got us all upset that the internet came alive and it basically
reinforced that tyranny was coming, but they're using that against us.
Sure.
What about the paper targets of five-year-old kids and then admitting they demanded $2 million
worth of them?
I mean, you're saying they're trying to absolutely cause an uprising.
No, they're trying to bait us.
They're trying to bait us into a verbal reaction that they can justify claiming that we're
domestic terrorists.
And that's why this is focused and coincides with the Southern Poverty Law Conference,
which is basically a government paid property.
And they're trying to draw us out.
So that's why I say I've tried to be very careful not to over-hype any of these situations
knowing that they're trying to make us look radical.
And in fact, they're feeding us.
That's one area I think I might disagree with you a little bit.
Like take the John Birch Society, they've always tried to be so conservative and so
they wouldn't report on black helicopters for like 10 years and there were urban warfare
drills everywhere.
I think it's good that I blow up at people and do all this because the public is in such
a trance that you've got to shake them out of it.
And if somebody's house is on fire and they won't wake up, you got to yell and scream.
And I'm not saying that that's necessarily that you disagree with that.
But I mean, it's hurting them, the bullets of little kids, the signs of little kids,
the targets.
It's hurting them.
And I agree with you.
They want to bring all this out, try to get everybody to get upset, lie to the public
and then say, look, these people are crazy.
But that's not the vacuum they're in anymore.
I don't see it working.
No, I'm not bragging when I say this, it's so people know what our numbers are.
I go to a restaurant anywhere in the US now and everyone's looking at me and people try
to buy my food and the waiters all come over.
I mean, I go down the green belt, every other person that walks by me is a listener.
I don't see those numbers actually when I look at our numbers.
I mean, it is a lot, 15 million a week one way or another, but it's huge.
And so I'm saying our numbers of liberty lovers are probably higher than even you or I think.
And I think running around like a chicken with your head cut off, I get that it takes
longer for it to happen.
So people say, well, then it's not that bad.
But then there's the other thing of being calm about it.
Then you never recognize it as it all actually slides into place.
You see what I'm saying?
Absolutely, Alex.
There's room for both.
I mean, you've got to remember, though, that most of the people listening to you are on
our side already and they're getting very aware.
And I talk to a lot of them, they come to me a lot after hearing you, frankly.
And so I interact with them a lot and they ask me, what do you think about this and this?
And so I give my opinion.
But there is a certain element that the government knows about that are listening to you who
will tend to, and they're hoping to, goad them into doing something wild to taint all
of us.
And so I'm just saying that giving both sides and a full range of possibilities is important
on your show as well as exactly what you're doing.
So I'm not criticizing.
I'm just saying.
Oh, no, I don't mind criticism.
I want your real view.
But I'm certainly not a controlled person.
I just go from the gut and my intellect.
All I know is, is that desperate times mean desperate measures and calling them out for
what they are is essential, which you and others do.
Let me ask you this question.
So many other weird things are going on, sex scandals tied into the royal family with kids
and Jimmy Savelle and the Vatican and all these cardinals resigning and all this weirdness
and this Jesuit pope.
Now, all that I mean, I see a lot of stuff moving right now.
Is this tied together or what's going on?
Well, it's it's tied together in the sense that the dark side of government, the dark
side of life is a cesspool of pedophilia, a cesspool of homosexuality, child molestations
and abuse.
It's into our systems of federal government paying states to get people, children out
of homes and into foster care where a lot of them are abused.
It's really a problem between judges and these things.
And it's into the Vatican as well.
The Vatican's got tremendous problems in terms of financial scandals and money laundering.
The Jesuits have been a problem for years because there's two basic sides.
The majority of Jesuits have become radical revolutionaries, not just ideological leftists.
As I analyzed in today's World Affairs Brief, the current pope is an ideological leftist.
He's not a revolutionary.
In fact, he fingered a couple of his own revolutionary priests in Argentina and the left has not
forgiven him for that.
So this is not a Jesuit pope in the sense of a revolutionary pope.
This is a go-along, try-to-get-along leftist agenda.
I think it's more of the same, somebody who's not going to oppose the general globalist
trend that the former popes have.
So he's a capitulation.
They're calling him a sharp political operator in the British press that's been after the
Vatican.
I am seeing the establishment cuddling up, but I thought that might have just been because
he's new.
Well, I think he's a compromise.
I mean, he by no means won by a very strong majority.
He was in a high running last time.
There are factions trying to control the Vatican and there's infighting that goes on within
the globalist establishment, within the Russians, within the Chinese, and within the Vatican.
And I won't claim to know, you know, even a portion of the insider dealings, but I know
where they're going ultimately, and I think you do too, and they're all combining trying
to control a new world order, trying to, you know, have their portion of the pie and there's
going to be infighting and that's what we're seeing.
Russians and Chinese are going to go at it eventually.
I think though that because this is a satanic based multifaceted conspiracy, ultimately
the smartest and the brightest or the angle American standard, they're meant to rule and
we are head to head with the worst of the conspiracies that have ever been on the face
of the earth.
It's sophisticated.
We're going to have to be not just careful, but vocal as well.
It is incredibly sophisticated to even grasp it makes your head spin and that's why the
public in so many levels doesn't really have a lot of options because it's just so sophisticated
and there's wheels within wheels.
How do we ever get the people to wake up and understand this if they can't even understand
that basic liberty is the way to go?
Well that's one of the reasons why I'm working on a new documentary and book called The Modern
History of Conspiratorial Power where I'm going to try and lay it out in a way that
will be accessible for people to share with their other friends and get them to believe
more in the complexity of conspiracy.
We've had too simplistic of a view before in the Goldwater years it used to be the communist
conspiracy was it and then when Cleon Skousen came out with the naked capitalists we started
to realize the globalists were involved and then the Birch Society thought the globalists
controlled the communists and so it wouldn't be war and it's much more sophisticated than
that.
It's a synergy of evil with Satan basically using a free market system to purify the essence
of wickedness to command the planet.
That's right and Alex what I think is that we're not going to win in the sense of winning
the majority over.
The majority has never ever been enlightened and never will but it is then not only like
this world war I think will be a seminal event in the history of the world because not only
will it drive the United States into a new world war or allow the globalists to talk
to people into getting into a militarized new world war it will drive the good people
out from the big cities.
That's why strategic relocation is so important before it happens because if you don't relocate
voluntarily to safer areas before this all happens when nuclear war comes and EMP and
all those things there's no electricity for months people won't have any excuse of a job
tying them to these big cities and they will be driven out and I think that's the way the
law.
Wow let's break that down we come back with Joel Skousen this is powerful information
I've got some points I want to add straight ahead get the film get the book info war store
dot com we'll be back.
If you're listening you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day if you're listening
you know the economy is not getting better you know gas and food prices are skyrocketing
now is the time to get prepared.
For years we've told you about our friends at e foods direct they have the best tasting
long term storable food on the planet this food will taste just as great 25 years from
now as it does tonight a long term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability
of the one thing you need most be prepared and get your supply from e foods direct right
now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on
all food supplies give yourself peace of mind and be prepared act now and call 800-409-5633
or visit e foods direct dot com slash alex get free shipping on all orders for a limited
time call 800-409-5633 or go to e foods direct dot com slash alex you can bet your life on
e foods direct amino acids are the building blocks of proteins amino acids have to be
delivered to your body in the shape that nature gave them if they are to be used to create
new proteins in your body just like a brick layer cannot use bent or twisted bricks to
build a brick wall so too your body cannot use bent or twisted amino acids to build new
proteins giving your body an undamaged amino acid food can make a huge difference in your
health one world way is an undamaged amino acid food unlike any other you see heating
bends and twists amino acids and all whey protein powders we've investigated and most
proteins you consume are heated with our true cool process you now have a choice with one
world whey my name is daniel i'm 34 years old when i started using one world whey i
weigh 228 pounds now after two and a half months i weigh 182 pounds this is my ideal
weight i've noticed an increase in stamina rate of recovery for workouts and an increase
in my potency call 888-988-3325 or visit one world whey dot com we all know that berkey
water purification systems are the most trusted name in water filtration as an authorized
berkey dealer for over six years in serving thousands of satisfied customers the berkey
guy offers amazing specials for berkey water filtration systems the berkey light systems
include a set of self-sterilizing and re-cleanable black purification elements that purify water
by removing chlorine pathogenic bacteria cyst and parasites to non-detectable levels and
remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides and pesticides order the berkey light system
today complete with two black berkey elements for only 231 dollars and the berkey guy will
ship your order free of charge with the purchase of a berkey light the berkey guy is also offering
a set of fluoride and arsenic filters for only 39.99 that's over 30 percent off the
retail price call the berkey guy at 1-877-886-3653 that's 1-877-886-3653 or order online at go
berkey dot com that's go berkey dot com today the genesis communications radio network proudly
presents the alex jones show because there's a war on for your mind
michael scousins our guest you know i know intellectually what to do but i also have
learned that when the globalists are really pushing something if they want open borders
if they want your guns uh if they want to break up the family whatever they're pushing
i mean common sense shows it's bad for everybody you know to oppose it and they want people
out of rural areas agenda 21 is all designed to not make you sustainable they call it sustainable
it's the opposite of sustainable under control and so regardless of the fact that there's
all these bases the russians are building big underground bases the us is doing it it's
just ongoing the chinese generals threatening to nuke us my reason to get out in the country
and get outside is because we need to totally take over the countryside so they can't force
us out and create our own economies which is happening of barter and milk and food and
organics to create our own cultures and to restore the republic there that's the best
way to really win is just do it and i can tell you all over the country it's happening
i mean you go out in the hill country where i live almost everybody's anti-new world order
they all know what's going on uh the intelligentsia is all running out there who aren't high level
but know what's going on and so when joel talks about this it isn't just to the safest
places like where he lives and he's got those in the book and in the film uh strategic relocation
but there's also sub regions everywhere that aren't perfect but if you got to live there
to make money they're better and i'm telling you voting with your feet and voting with
a lifestyle and none of us are perfect is the most powerful thing there is joel do you
agree with that absolutely and you know the infrastructure with the you know organic raw
milk movement and the um foundations that are promoting really good nutrition and organic
i mean not just this phony stuff that's stolen the store but real farm grown family farm
it's really growing around the nation but still the vast majority of our supporters
are in the cities because they're tied there for a job and my point is that eventually
you have to believe me nuclear war is coming to this country you will be driven out so
do you want to be a refugee when it's coming and i tell my subscribers i'm going to be
warning you when i see this coming because there will be signs even though it's intended
to be a surprise do you want to be driven out as a refugee or do you want to make a
a intelligent decision a calculated decision to move early even if it's some financial
sacrifice and you know you don't necessarily want to go too soon so that you run out of
money and there's no money to sustain yourself but you know people have to make a very careful
decision i keep telling them that it's not a matter of whether you're going to move itself
i mean if you're going to move it's a matter of when you're going to pick the timing to move
how do you see it breaking down only five more minutes in overdrive with you how do you see them
i guess north korea triggers it and then there's an an exchange to attack north korea and then
defense pack of china comes in or russia how do you see that unfolding here's what i see happening
north korea will trigger the war by a massive attack on seoul and other armed installations
on the border and on u.s installations they will retaliate with tactical nukes to stop the north
korean advance russia and china will then enter the war with a preemptive emp strike first takes
about six missiles high-altitude missiles six weapons to cover and blanket the u.s
then that will be followed by 20 or 30 minutes later by a physical attack on military and
communications facilities worldwide on american and perhaps british they hope to then call a
tourist and just blackmail everyone
come back for five minutes and break down the rest of we'll have you back very soon and i'm going to
mail him a headset he got an external mic but still not the best audio i'm going to have joel
on regularly we're going to get him a high quality headset because his info is powerful people are
really loved it when he came to town of uh last year ringing back to town get the book strategic
relocation get the film info war store.com have showings show it to people in your area
thank you for listening to gcn visit gcnlive.com today
if you want an american company with american products made by americans here is the cow
ben soap company alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years these all
natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth-friendly
and safe see them on the web at fivestarsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog
buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what you're using
now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs this is an
amazing deal you can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel see
them on the web at fivestarsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog
coast to coast direct from austin you're listening to the alex jones broadcasting network
big brother mainstream media government cover-ups you want answers well so does he
he's alex jones on the gcn radio network and now live from austin texas alex jones
all right final segment with joel scowls then we go into retransmission and i
now we have a get calls for our guests we'll see if we can get to those
going back to joel scowls and okay so you were getting into for those that just joined us
um north korea being given the order to trigger a nuclear war what's the time frame five ten years
and then finish up with um you where you'd gotten up to go ahead yeah i think the time frame is
probably you know anywhere from five to ten years it could be eight to twelve just depend you see
the russians and chinese are scared to death about russia about u.s secret weapon systems that they
haven't been able to find out the the u.s has to continue to disarm to try to give them the
confidence to strike they've been expecting the strikes since the 90s that hasn't come yet but i
think after the strike occurs there'll be a stand down and russian channel will essentially try to
get the new world war or the globalists to yield to avoid further destruction and they will not
they'll come out of their bunkers and they'll rally everyone to fight against them and they'll
bring out these secret weapons to prosecute the war not on behalf of the u.s it won't be the u.s
running the show anymore to be a militarized league of democracies they'll change the name of
the u.n exclude finally as they should have always done and they know the way western cultures be
it'll just be absolutely vicious total takeover that's right and what's going to happen is that
they will make a deal during this as they prosecute this war against the russians who will
invade europe europe's going to be a real donnybrook and they'll make a deal during the war with
china to betray russia that's the only way the new world war is going to win against russia and china
to china betray china wants to take russia out anyway someday so they'll take advantage to remove
russia they'll be defeated and this is a replay to a certain extent of what happened between
hitler and stalin and hitler was eliminated now it's russia's turn to be eliminated and then it's
going to be a a new cold war after that where they'll settle on and the militarized new ruler
wants china as a cold war enemy because the enemy because then they don't have any they have an
excuse not to disarm yeah a new false bipolar world that's right it goes to a bipolar war they
have the the global government can say we can't go back to national sovereignty uh u.s will never be
strong enough to it have to stay as a militarized world order and that's where it's going to stay
unlike world war ii we will never get our liberty back but in my estimation the when they lose a
certain amount of control during this war they will lose a lot of control with e and p strike
a lot of the computers will be down i'm hoping the utah computer center will be destroyed as one of
the nuclear targets but in any case it's going to give conservatives the minority in the country
a new lease on life ability to coalesce together and you're going to find that the texas groups
that coalesce will eventually merge and join with the utah the idaho the wyoming montana arizona
groups and we're going to have a western resistance to the new world order that they will not be able
to control and i see that as our major hope not spinning our wheels trying to twist arms the
people who don't want to join us who don't have any feeling for liberty uh the new benefit corrupted
majority we're going to have to consolidate our own people husband our forces get people prepared
so they survive this war i mean that's the big thing you've got to get out of these targeted
cities that i list in strategic relocation even if you can't afford a retreat you've at least got to
get to safe areas so that you don't get killed and make plans to survive the war so that we can live
again to rebuild under a true constitutional republic well it's certainly a possibility you
look with cheney and 888 where they tried to start a war with russia and all the stuff everything
they do putting all the muslim extremists in and they i mean they they are trying to sow
total chaos well it's it's got to be controlled chaos that they can control they really don't
want chaos for chaos sake sure order out of chaos all right joel scousum will talk to you again soon
and i want to talk to you uh with the producers about next time you want to come to austin to be
in studio get the book get the film strategic relocation in fall war store.com thank you so
much joel thank you you can find him at world affairs brief as well on his website all right
