Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Ladies and gentlemen, it is Tuesday, the 12th day of March, 2013, and I am going to cover
all this news today. We have a famous lawyer joining us on the broadcast who has beaten
the Food and Drug Administration trying to ban vitamins and minerals seven times. And
he's more responsible than anybody else out there with allowing food freedom, what's left
of it in this country.
Jonathan W. Emord will be joining us in the third hour. Now, you know Professor Griff
is in the Obama deception, one of the more famous individuals in hip-hop out there and
one of the founders of Public Enemy. And I know that he's an off and on listener, cuz
I've heard shows where he's talked about the broadcast. He's plugged the Obama deception
in some of his big concerts, cuz I've seen it in the LA Times.
And we're talking to one of his managers, cohorts, friends, and reportedly he's on at
noon today. But we haven't been in contact with him in a few days, and they're on tour
and there's much stuff going on. So we'll see if that happens in the second hour today.
Professor Griff, 90% coming on the show. I mean, it's pretty much 100%, but I don't like
saying that when you've been out of contact.
Plus, I've noticed with entertainment people, whether it's Willie Nelson or whether it's
people like Professor Griff or KRS-One, or even getting a few weeks ago, a mortal technique
in here. He was supposed to be on the Wednesday, and then they got caught up in another city,
I think it was Houston. And so he was on Thursday, he was on another day late.
He wasn't on the radio, he was on the Nightly News. So I've just learned about half the
time with music people, it doesn't happen. But it's no big deal, we'll see what happens.
I'm kind of excited about the interview, cuz he's all about exposing the Illuminati and
the rest of it, and really has some interesting perspectives on it, and where the whole world's
going.
So regardless, we're very close to landing Professor Griff here on the broadcast. And
again, it's not a celebrity hunt on the show, I wanna get interesting celebrities on, and
interesting people. I mean, I found out about this lawyer, I was like, we talked about the
lawyer that Jevity hired back in the 90s and in the 2000s.
And then Ron Paul's talked about the guy, he's a big guest on Coast to Coast AM. I said,
why don't we get the lawyer who keeps beating the FDA trying to ban vitamins and minerals
on? To me, that's a really interesting person. The head of the Small Business League that's
trying to keep a few jobs in this country, that's an important person to have on.
I'd say it's pretty much whatever I think's important. And a lot of times also what you
end up recommending, a lot of the guests you recommend. In fact, we should add an email
that goes into the producer's inbox. I know Coast to Coast does this. I mentioned it this
years ago, guest at infoawars.com, where you can just email us, can we create that email
right now?
I'll just ask the IT guys, guest, and then assign it to all your emails, guys, all four
of you. And then because I mean, it's a lot of great ideas, and then you can run those
past me, who listeners wanna hear on the broadcast. Now, all of that said, this is another one
of those days, it's like deja vu, but it's like Groundhog Day, but worse because things
are more intense every day.
I came in here this morning, and of course last night doing research, and I looked at
this news. And it's so crazy, and it's so over the top, and it's so out of control,
and I can see exactly what the power structure is doing. I mean, these are the type of crazy
things I've got here in front of me.
Massive mosquitoes, 20 times normal size, genetically modified, coming to the US, prisonplanet.com.
Here's another one, Sky News, that's Fox of the UK. Cinema shooting, judge approves truth
serum. They're gonna drug people now. Because when you're under mind control, they put you
on those truth serum drugs, it puts you back under the mind control. This guy was under
government psychiatric care. I mean, there's the public mind control right there. That's
just some of what's coming up. It's all insane in the membrane.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions
are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you
for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective
against bacteria, viruses, moles, and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver
has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com. Use the promo code prepared for 20% off your
entire order and like us on Facebook. If you want an American company with American products
made by Americans, here is the Cal-Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these
pure soap products for years. These all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable
and coconut oils that are earth-friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy
soaps that are twice as good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year
supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands
of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at
5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. You prepare by purchasing gold, food
and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical
weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping or away from home, who's
watching out for intruders? Check out Simply Safe. It's a new do-it-yourself home security
system that is completely wireless. Go to GetSimplySafe.com. Simply Safe is independent
and off the grid. It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit or shed. GetSimplySafe.com. Simply Safe is also ridiculously easy to install
yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger into your home. If
you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't
always at home, but Simply Safe will stand guard, protecting your property 24 hours a
day, 7 days a week. Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com. Crashing through the lies and disinformation,
it's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Monday through Friday, from 12 noon to 3 p.m. Eastern, we're here live. Back weeknights,
7 o'clock Central, 8 o'clock Eastern, Infowars Nightly News. The news websites Infowars.com,
PrisonPlanet.com and PrisonPlanet.tv. You have found it, the front lines of the Infowar,
the tip of the spear in a desperate attempt to awaken the spirit of liberty, the spirit
of 1776 worldwide. I'm your host, Alex Jones.
Nobody rides for free. Monday through Friday, thank you for joining us, ladies and gentlemen.
All right, where should I start here today? I tried every day, I fail every day. But we're
gonna try to just, just let me not even start with the top stories. Here's one, City Billboard
urges Hispanics to revolt in Austin, Texas.
It shows a mass of people with black flags running across the Texas-US border saying
arriba me gente or basically uprise or rise or revolt my people. And of course, it's paid
for by taxpayer money. And they have billboards paid for by Spanish speaking companies, white
guys, I've noticed that own them and run them, saying la reconquista or the reconquering
or the la infasura, the invasion.
And it's all racist. It's all whites are evil, whites are the devil, blacks are evil, blacks
are the devil, that's part of it. And I sit here and I'm somebody who's gone out and I
don't say this to like, I'm a good white person, I have guilt, I like you, be my friend. It's
all mind control.
The globalists are running this. I want you to have success no matter what color you are.
I want your progeny to touch the stars. I know what comes around goes around. I'm into
the spirit and we've all got one. I'm looking way past the color of your skin, but we're
forced into this.
And it's a forced collision to make, you see the left isn't actually trying to create unity.
They're actually trying to create division. And I'm gonna be breaking this down at the
bottom of the hour. I'm gonna stop right there, a special report at the bottom of the hour.
I'm gonna get into this.
Because the Ford Foundation, the big banks, they have imploded Mexico and Latin America
and they are going to now have Hispanics or try to force Hispanics to racially identify,
to racially identify with socialism and communism in a race-based political system so that Hispanics
cannot be reached with the message of liberty and freedom.
And the globalists are gonna merge all of our countries in the North American Union
and make us all slaves. And then the government will play the part of the arbiter of the referee
over all this. So I'm gonna be breaking that down at the bottom of the hour. I'm gonna
stop right there. And I'm gonna re-air a short film I did six years ago that's an extra on
the film Endgame, Blueprint for Global Enslavement, that never got the attention it deserved.
And it is titled Battle for the Republic. It's 16 minutes long. And so I'm gonna break
all this down at the bottom of the hour and then air that 16-minute film. We're gonna
skip that network break at the end of the hour.
I'm so out of control, folks. I don't plug my own sponsors. I refuse all this advertising
money because I just will not even mention the stuff on air even though we need the money.
I skip network breaks even though the network says please stop doing it. I just can't help
it. You understand that's thousands of dollars every time I do that.
Because I'm just so dedicated to covering info and I get so wound up. I'll just have
the show go back to four or five hours. But then I get completely burned out and then
can't, it's just it's insane. It's insane wanting to really free humanity and knowing
all the globalist tricks and knowing I'm right.
And knowing the globalist wheels behind wheels, plans within plans, knowing their playbook.
And it's so frustrating. I just want the general public to have the playbook so you can be
empowered. I want you to win. When you win, I win. We grow the pie. I love winners. I
love success. I love everybody's children. I love innocence and everything good.
And that's a weird thing nowadays. I don't get jealous by guys that have super gorgeous
wives. I just sit there and admire them. I don't get jealous of men that are incredibly
handsome. I just admire them. I don't get jealous of people that are incredible artists.
I admire them. I don't get jealous of people who are successful that did it themselves.
I admire them. And that's a rare thing now. This is a screwed up society, man. The globalist
have really taught us how to fail. I admire amazing people. I want you to be amazing.
But I'm not gonna sit here and watch the system brand selective. I mean, I was rereading,
you know a judge ruled in California that kids will be sent home for wearing American
flags?
I have the newscast coming up. The American flag is now said to be evil. Now, of course,
America's run by the globalist. So the flag does represent the new world order now because
they've taken it, they've captured it. But the fact that at the same time the globalist
use it to take over the world and take the blame for everything.
And then they're demonizing it where you can't even wear it. Because the quote Hispanic kids
say you can't and it's Hispanic kids mainly being sent home wearing American flag. They're
going to force Hispanics to join the socialist globalist system to break up the US not to
create some wonderful Mexican homeland. Mexico's imploded but to destroy all our countries.
And it's so frustrating to know I'm 100% right because the Ford Foundation and the Carnegie
Endowment are public about it. And to know that people are so confident in their race
consciousness that it's gonna drive whites into their race consciousness group.
It's gonna drive blacks into their race consciousness group, Hispanics, all of it. And then there
won't be a unifying culture of the Bill of Rights, Constitution, private property, the
family, freedom of religion, what really makes us successful. Let me tell you, I can look
at all the angles. There's not a lot of good waters ahead. I hope we can make it through
it.
I hope people can get reality. But we are being converted through massive reeducation
and through the prison system and through the schools. America is a giant prison now,
biggest prison population in the world. And they segregate everybody into racial groups
in the prison and then encourage the race gangs and the rest of it.
And then to then feed that culture out on the public, MTV pushes it on record to break
up and create division. While at the same time when the crisis erupts saying, give up
all of your culture, white people, you're inherently bad and it's your fault all this
is happening.
While the social engineers are creating the entire witch's brew. And I guess I'm already
getting into the subject. It just blows my mind that my taxpayer money in Austin's put
up billboards saying, rise up Hispanics, rise up my people. And we've got a link to the
video of the artist saying that that's basically, it's okay to be Mexican and it's okay to be
for your people in Mexico.
Mexico was just a Spanish colony. Mexico only had the United States for a few years of the
Southwest. Wasn't long, the French had it too. The Russians had California or the Russians
gonna, I mean, can the Spanish come back and take over Texas? It's all baloney. And America
isn't perfect. But compared to the government culture in Mexico, it's light years better.
And that's why the globalists want this and I'm already digressing. Let me just read to
you the headlines as I said I would do.
Okay, city billboard urges Hispanics to revolt. Can you imagine if the Austin city said, lights
rise up. Can you imagine? I ought to try just to illustrate it, but the media would misrepresent
it and say I was serious. I would try to go buy a billboard from Reagan, billboards, that's
who this is.
I bet this billboard probably cost $10,000 conservatively, just to paint it probably
cost three or 4,000. So let's say $15,000 billboard, because I've looked into billboards
I've paid for them before. $15,000 giant billboard on I-35 in Austin, hundreds of thousands of
people a month will see it.
And the great part about it is, Anglos and others who don't speak Spanish will never
know. See, my wife grew up in Spain for like six years, so she speaks fluent Spanish. She's
like, man, it says we're gonna conquer, we're gonna take over, gringos are the devil.
She sees it everywhere, and she's like, man, this is wild. And I'm supposed to go, I am
the devil. Thank you for having a, and again, they're gonna force all Hispanics into this
as a political tool of control. In fact, I guess I'll just start covering this right
now.
That's the problem, this is one article out of over a hundred right here. Each one is
just as important, each one. Massive mosquitoes, 20 time normal size coming to US genetically
modified, prisonplanted.com, incredible. Here's another one, cinema shooting, judge approves
truth serum.
James Holmes could be subjected to truth serum should his lawyers enter an insanity plea
at his pre-trial hearing this week. This is a new level of openly, hey, we'll have some
checkpoints. Hey, well, this is mind control publicly. They use truth serum type drugs
to put people into highly suggestible states, like Sirhan Sirhan, it came out, was drugged
up with this.
And that's the police reports in LA, the guy that shot RFK. Some of these other guys were
on truth serum type drugs. And someone on mind control, you put them onto this to put
them back in the trance. And this guy was on seven drugs, as we told you he would be,
it came out a few months ago, seven drugs, the Colorado shooter reportedly.
They reported other shooters, other smoke bombs, other, he told people in the jail who's
coming off the drugs, I'm under control, I'm under mind control, they set me up. And that
all came out. He had a top Air Force psych warfare chief over him. He was getting $37,000
a year from DARPA. He was in a mind control program at the university with DARPA. So it's
Theodore Kozinski, LA Times, look that up. The Unabomber was in MK Ultra. Don't believe
me, just look it up. See, and now he's obviously not cooperating. So they're going to shoot
him up again and publicly hide in plain view.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions
are stockpiling food, gold and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you
for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective
against bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver
has over 500 different uses and a long term shelf life, making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com. Use the promo code prepared for 20% off your
entire order and like us on Facebook. March into big spring preparedness savings this
month at beefrepaired.com. Going on now, emergency essentials and beefrepaired.com save you 28%
off your favorite beef and chicken combo entrees. Save 24% on number 10 cans of freeze dried
raspberries or save 26% on our freeze dried strawberry slices with purchase of 12 or more.
Katadyn pocket micro water filters are 27% off. Try our fruit flavored hydro pack combo
water filtering pouches in March by five 10 packs for a 50% discount. Stock up on wheat
with a year's supply of grains for $70 off. Only at beefrepaired.com and this month power
up with a goal zero Sherpa 50 solar powered recharging kit at $110 off MSRP and we'll
throw in a free $50 emergency essentials gift card. The March sale ends March 31st at beefrepaired.com.
For contents and details, call emergency essentials at 800-999-1863 or click beefrepaired.com.
The choice is clear. Be unprepared or beefrepaired.com. Now there's an amazing new natural antibiotic
every person must have. It's cells alive silver solution and it destroys over 650 hard to
kill viruses, fungus, bacteria and much more. Cells alive silver solution has no expiration
date is great for emergency kits and storage shelters and comes in eight or 16 ounce bottles
order today at 888-910-4367 or visit hempusa.org hempusa.org 100% chemical free superfoods
and unique health products. We the people grow cotton wheat fabric engraving embed strips
and fibers to protect from counterfeit and carting to a private bank having a lead back
at interest forcing taxes to service debt this capitalism or was Jefferson correct when
stating a central bank issuing the public currency is a greater menace to the liberties
of the people than a standing army hi Ted Anderson I'm placing a free silver dollar
in a book that explains our monetary system call for your copy of 800-686-2237 it's time
to understand the system call 800-686-2237 that's 800-686-2237 time and time again you
need to come here and help us we need assistance please those we should be able to depend on
let us down federal and state and local officials saying help is on the way well the folks here
in bell harbor say show me don't depend on the government to save you take action now
so that you're prepared for the next disaster with my patriot supply.com get the best prices
on storable food non-gmo seeds water filtration devices home canning equipment survival and
self-reliance books and more at my patriot supply.com call 866-229-0927 we are hurting
down here and we need help immediately before it's time to survive it's time to prepare
my patriot supply.com my patriot supply.com don't worry this show is documented alex jones
on the gcn radio network i fell into a burning ring of fire i went down down down and the
flames went higher and it burns burns burns the ring of fire the ring of fire you know
the taste of love is sweet and hearts like ours mean all right let me just try to go
over some more of the headlines here they're too insane so i told you this guy was under
mind control it all came out in the news a piece here a piece there that was definitely
a staged event and just like larry pratt said of gunners of america if they'd stage fast
and furious that killed thousands they'd stage anything remember they staged oklahoma city
the very same crew the same justice department crew here's bloomberg nice headline for you
california seizes guns as owners lose right to bear arms they're now saying misdemeanors
they're going to take your guns they're now saying if you ever went to a psychologist
who said you had ptsd or depression boom the swat teams come take your guns it's all described
and and and now they're going to take basically anybody with a misdemeanors gun all over the
country they're coming they're coming for your guns uh colorado sheriffs senate dems
threatened to pay freezes over gun control opposition and they've now gone public because
in that state uh i guess it's controlled by the state what sheriffs are paid it shouldn't
be that way sheriffs should be more independent at the county level what the county wants
to pay them it is a division of the state though uh and they were told and they've now
gone on record multiple sheriffs you will have your pay cut and so will the deputies
if you don't take the guns i mean that is so criminal ladies and gentlemen i mean that's
that's bribery right there uh here's another one out of ap enterprise ap uh enterprise
whatever that means president nixon wished for total handgun ban this is run in every
paper i've seen houston chronicle dallas morning news austin american station right
here in austin i looked it up politico ran it they're really pushing this that hey it's
conservative nixon wanted you to turn in your handguns nixon was a eugenicist new world
order globalist who opened up communist china to get all our jobs and had price controls
but because democrats went after him conservatives worship him richard nixon out clinton bill
clinton if you really knew who he was now he was uh actually in charge he was a globalist
but he was running things so they destroyed him because there's a lot of power uh you
know infighting going on but that's why we're in so much trouble and it shows how far we've
come though back in the 60s and 70s they almost got all the guns they almost got rid of our
military then as well and put it under un then under state department memorandum and
public law 7277 so that's the type of stuff going on look up 7277 the manuals online where
we have no military our police are disarmed and un troops are here that's why you've always
heard oh that's coming but we've held it back the old timers by warning people bought us
a lot of time so they've incrementally put a lot of it in but not all of it so that's
why you can read what the john birch society said in the 60s people like this is crazy
now it's all come true basically we held it back they wanted this stuff by the 70s brazinski's
written books on that he's one of their top statisticians so i'm begging you to become
aware of all of this and again a un department of peace sounds great but it means everybody
else has their guns taken but them including governments okay here's another one share
of homes with guns shows four decade decline a new york times bologna piece they have a
poll where they call people up and ask if you own guns and they say a record number
say they don't but then i have the numbers in the last three years they've seen i meant
to cover this we guys print gun sales triples i saw i think was reuters yesterday gun sales
have tripled the last three years and they're and they're set to more than triple again
when the numbers come out for this year but they're always a few months behind the first
few months of this year i mean everybody knows the guns are sold out everybody knows every
liberal i know has gone out and woken up and bought guns you know it's coming out that
gabrielle giffords husband's buying ar-15s they caught mayor bloomberg's top anti-gun
guy you know out buying ar-15s and shooting them i mean it's all coming out you constantly
catch michael moore with guns or shooting on his property the photos get leaked or bodyguards
with guns and he says you should have a dog though they're gun obsessed barbara boxer
diane feinstein they've both got multiple bodyguards up to six they've all got concealed
carries in their cities they are gun they don't want you to have a gun and that brings
me to my next article dh has to purchase more firearms as arm buildup intensifies info awards
dot com fords ask if huge ammo buys should become national conversation and again the
reason we know this is their chink in the armor one of the big ones they got a quite
a few armored scales missing and there's pink dragon belly right there we'll just use it
they run screaming saying this doesn't exist but now a lot of mainstream media is going
but it does exist why let's talk about it well what is going on this is 10 12 15 times
now what you ever bought in one year well what's the armored vehicles for what's the
doesn't exist doesn't exist don't look over here no no no no no me thinks you protest
too much i will be back that that's just the tip of the iceberg on the gun news we got
big gas coming up today as well but i'm gonna break down some amazing news we're on the
march the empire's on the run alex jones and the gcn radio network if you're listening
you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day if you're listening you know the
economy is not getting better you know gas and food prices are skyrocketing now is the
time to get prepared for years we've told you about our friends at e foods direct they
have the best tasting long-term storable food on the planet this food will taste just as
great 25 years from now as it does tonight a long-term food supply allows you to freeze
the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most be prepared and get your supply
from e foods direct right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars
with free shipping on all food supplies give yourself peace of mind and be prepared act
now and call 800-409-5633 or visit e foods direct dot com slash alex get free shipping
on all orders for a limited time call 800-409-5633 or go to e foods direct dot com slash alex
you can bet your life on e foods direct now that we have moved into the winter season
there is an increased need to support our immunity and health at silver lungs we are
committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection of silver based products
our most popular silver based products are the 32 ounce nano silver solutions our two
ounce nano silver nasal applicators as well as our all-natural silver soaps just released
is our 100 percent natural silver gel our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling
agents which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface but rather we have formulated
our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate
and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more effectively visit www dot silver
lungs dot com and click on our store page to find what silver based products are best
for you that's www dot silver lungs dot com introducing pro one all of your filtration
in one system portable on the go no more do you have two or three filters to just reduce
sodium fluoride you have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95 percent
of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing technology combined silver impregnated white
ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals
all in one filter element it is the only one that does it and out of the gates we have
it discounted at 10% off with promo code water this is the only system that in one unit helps
reduce or remove pesticides herbicides chloramines ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid
the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium
hexafluorosilicate get your pro pure with a new pro one filters today at info war store
dot com or by calling 888-253-3139 crashing through the lies and disinformation it's Alex
Jones on the GCN radio network
arriba mi gente rise up my people with an image of the border being flooded by upraised
fist and black flags the mexico pouring into texas you have the globalists that have captured
this country financially for 50 years paying for textbooks in mexico saying the southwest
belongs to mexico and mexico depending on which part of the southwest it was only had
the southwest for between 10 and 20 years and so did five other countries off and on
that's why there's the six flags of texas but it's taught mexico is poor because the
southwest was taken the truth is spain and mexico couldn't hold the southwest so they
invited the anglo settlers predominantly which were experts at taking over and killing everybody
into the area okay for giant indian wars and that's what went on and it was pretty much
toe to toe it's not like it was just one group ganging up on the other it'd be one native
group coming and saying help us kill the other native group so it's just all humans acting
the same way barbarism and it organizes around race or culture okay in fact a lot of native
tribes would hate the next native tribe a lot more than they hated the uh you know the
round-eyed fork-a-tongued uh whites so the worst would rise to the top balkanization
and the same reason the natives couldn't unify and hold north america was the same reason
that the globalists are engaging in divide and conquer today it's called divide and conquer
it's called balkanization the british call it the great game so if you want to actually
know how the world works instead of getting in your racial group and feeling powerful
then i'm the man for you to listen to if you want to actually be informed here's the article
up at info wars.com and prison planet.com it went up yesterday evening i'm gonna have
it's in the tiles right now i'm gonna have uh adan salazar kurt nemo will you ask one
of them to repost this up to the top i want people to go see this should he paid four
billboards fifteen thousand dollars roughly a piece that's and they've got a bunch of
these arriba how do you pronounce it chris because richard reeves was breaking it down
for me mejente so up my people rise up my people okay and it shows the uh border mexico
and the people rising up coming across it with a heart uh you know basically which which
symbolizes the heart of the people have the heart to rise up and then she says in the
video why she did this so the city of and i have to put up with this everywhere i go
there's there's murals there's art and uh i can read a little spanish uh you know my
wife obviously can uh and uh you know members of the crew that speak spanish bring this
stuff to me and it's just ongoing when i was in high school in art class they said let's
take a art uh trip to the university of texas to see an art display it was one of the professors
and it was america's bad white people are bad this country's evil and and i knew some
history i was a senior in high school and i said well wait a minute i said mexico had
a lot of tyranny against the natives as well and there was a lot of oppression and you
know santa ana was a dictator i mean guatemala threw him off and yeah there were revolts
against him in mexico and and you know over a third of the founders of texas were hispanic
and you're not that's not taught what's your agenda here and it was basically communism
the guy was up there preaching communism uh you know race-based liberation theology so
see i'm against aborting hispanic babies and having forced abortion in mexico which is
now going on i'm against hispanics having a what is it three thousand percent increase
over that in type 2 diabetes the last 20 years it i mean aspartame wood alcohol just hits
hispanics genetically i mean i don't like driving by and seeing hispanics at every bus
stop and i've seen this before with with their legs sawed off young ones you know some evil
racist white guy i'd like to go tell them how to not have their legs sawed off but as
long as i said lori conquista hell i could blow their houses up if i wanted to and they
thanked me for it if i gave them a pat on the head and said oh i'm evil white that's
right you'll take over now let's saw your legs off it's it's it's social engineers the
same ones that took over the black community margaret sanger saying 80 years ago you pull
up her letters online we cover my film endgame she says you know these are black weeds these
are subhuman but they don't trust whites we've got to hire educated blacks pay them off and
get control of these people so we can abort them and kill them and they kill 52 of blacks
are never born so actually all the white supremacist people out there you should love the liberals
in planned parenthood and i guess you do that's why you hate me so much but again whenever
i point this out it's racist hispanics just going crazy in the comments on youtube and
info wars i mean i i showed in a piece some guys that'll sing songs for you down on the
border through the mountains and i put a clip of that in my big ben thing and i thought
it was super romantic i didn't want to leave i wanted to just keep paying the guy five
dollars and have him sing i put a clip of that in there that i just thought was beautiful
singing and they said look at the racist showing a mexican singing no you're the racist against
your own people you're the people that are idiots that have bought into this whole mind
control i want you to succeed and i want you to get up off your mind control butts and
realize that when the globalist engineer this anywhere they play groups in africa they'll
play one group of animus off against the other animus same genetics look almost you know
like each other like cousins but they live across the river from each other and they
hate each other all day and they'll come and beg white you know mercenaries we'll give
you all the diamonds just kill all of them it's it's racial division it's gang mentality
it's putting humans in gangs and that's the type of stuff we're talking about here ladies
and gentlemen to where to where things are so racially heightened and there's so much
tension that if i put a clip of somebody who sings from the side of the mexico border through
the boquias canyon and it sounds magic cameras can't pick it up he knows it sounds beautiful
i can't show a minute of somebody singing without mexicans saying it's racist i'm making
fun of mexicans you have a bad view of yourself you think you're ugly you think you're bad
you think you've got a score to settle and as long as you can pull me down you're going
to succeed that's not how this world works not in the 21st century especially this is
the global technocrats against all of humanity and that's what we're facing you look at the
prisons they didn't naturally get like this where we have four plus million people in
prison more than communist china has over a billion 300 million people they create the
hispanic gangs the asian gangs the white gangs the black gangs and they're run by the warden
and the gang racial leaders all report to him and if you don't want to be in a racial
gang and get all the tattoos and get bent over and and and and and and submit to this
you get thrown in solitary confinement or stabbed to death and again they they let the
criminals run fraud out of the prisons so they can then buy drugs from the jail guards
i mean this is all on record and this is converting our culture with mtv and all of it to the
tough guy you're not tough unless you're a criminal you're not tough unless you know
when you become a criminal it's designed to lose your rights it's designed to make you
a slave reject the criminal gang banger culture reject the white supremacist uh gang banger
culture the hispanic gang banger culture the black gang banger culture the asian gang banger
culture reject it all but notice what the globalist attack they attack people fleeing
to the countryside black white hispanic believe me i live in the countryside trying to have
gardens trying to raise their kids right they just want to raise their kids right you know
black homeschoolers live out in the countryside near near where i do they just want to have
some horses and chickens and and they know what's going on and they're listeners as i've
talked to them ran into them at the store hey we're listeners blah blah blah and then
i wonder where they live they're running people like that they're just like me they're just
they care about their kids they want a future but they say oh the racist whites are fleeing
to the countryside well my gosh if you don't like being stalked and and and having racial
epithets yelled at you at the gas station when you go into a minority neighborhood or
you don't like being physically attacked or mugged see you're a racist if you're white
you should take your kids out and have the have the the the racial gangs kill them to
prove you know you're bad you should say i love the city of austin paying fifteen thousand
dollars for each billboard that says arise my people showing an army flooding over into
texas and then show the young woman being paid to do this saying yes i want us to be
proud of our people of mexico and i'm from laredo well why don't you move to nuevo laredo
where thousands die every year and there's rocket attacks on newspapers because you won't
have to though because we're going to be a narco terrorist state just like mexico and
that's the globalist plan you'll never hear la raza which means the race you know imagine
if i started a group called the race we're starting a group called the race for white
people i mean i have the articles here i have a newscast right here california students
sent home for wearing u.s flags on cinco de mayo remember that ap judge back school that
sent home students wearing american flag shirts on cinco de mayo and by the way they were
hispanic and it turned out most of the kids were hispanic they sent like what is it nine
kids home one day and it turned out they didn't even wear them on purpose the american flags
on tons of apparel it turned out it was i think one of them was an american apparel
shirt i mean i got stuff with american flags on it because i know what the real good parts
of america stand for that flag's mine i'm not giving it to the globalist look there's
american flag was just behind me and so this is what it's gotten to we're all over the
country they pull down american flags and stomp on them at postal service uh post offices
and and it's crazed it's crazed racial garbage and then no one's supposed to talk about it
as they run tv ads we've shown these on on by the way white owned you know you know big
uh spanish uh cable systems and stuff in the u.s you can look these up i think i'm gonna
have watson one of the guys wrote a whole article on it going over the fact uh that
if you look at it they have these big billboards saying la usa cross out usa mexico remember
that a few years ago or big billboards that say la infasora or the the invasion or la
reconquista the reconquering and this is what i was taught at anderson high school by actually
my social studies teacher and then by the art teacher who by the way were white and
they were there as technocrats knowing full well what they were doing you see that's the
thing they know they want they do you think they want hispanics who by the way it's done
deal for all the white supremacists out there hispanics are the future over half the kids
in america are now hispanic in america but you know what the new world order can't have
them going i want guns i want private property i want to raise my family i don't want to
have forced inoculations i don't want forced abortion uh you're gonna have dirty leg dirty
tochi sandal fake hippie beatnik garbage shoved down your throat just like latin america has
is communism is the only way you got global corporate monopolies that love communism at
the grassroots and that's what you're going to be forced to have and that's your future
and that's what you get and folks i've sat there at demonstrations in austin where where
they were where where there are guys that look just like shay guevara you know i mean
they're they're into it with the hat the the the beard the whole deal and we shot video
this we've shown it and they're wearing shirts remember a few years ago that said plan to
san diego which was a plan to kill all whites over the age of 16 look up the plan of san
diego ut endorses it on their website and i go over and i go you don't care about the
abortion of hispanics no i don't we're going to get you uh you don't care about uh about
all the the gmo the tyranny no we don't we're going to get you we know you're racist because
you're white and and and it's just all part of this imaginary dressed up like soldiers
we're gonna get you know get you but then at the same time people say well then why
would you have something like a mortal technique on well he says that he understands communism
as a system but doesn't think it's good and is part of the control mechanism and he says
he wants to empower everybody and that he gets a lot of what i'm saying so i'm trying
to reach out to people but the larger issue is is that at a at another level when whites
are attacked and whites are told they're scum or white kids are beat up at school and then
told by the school that's the way it is they they run not out of even racism and so what's
happened is they use the leftist movement to make whites all guilty for social engineering
not for general equality and empowerment then whites have figured that out and so instead
of realizing the larger game plan they are running in droves and becoming super militant
and and can't even call it racist they're just tribal they're like well i want other
people to do good uh you know overall on average are sophisticated enough from education and
things to get it but it doesn't matter i'm still not wanting and so whites get that and
and again that's meant to have them be scared as a main gang with the government who will
be the referee in all of this you see the government doesn't want the people together
under bill of rights constitution declaration of independence which has never even been
fully realized but produced more wealth than anything that earth's ever seen they don't
want that they don't want that they want liberation theologies you know i said that to immortal
technique i said well a lot of this is liberal liberation theology you're putting out that
was put out by the globalist he goes well regardless it still has some good points well
anything seductive does but do the globalist want to help mexico do the globalist want
to help latin america the answer is no do the globalist want our guns to take care of
the kids no they want them to enslave us has mexico taken all the guns and has the highest
crime rate in the world yes do the are the globalist funding forced abortions in mexico
are they funding forced sterilizations in mexico and you can say well there are too
many people okay so i don't want mexicans dead i mean i want you to have kids you would
lighten their eyes who love liberty because then they're a human being that's that's that's
a soldier for freedom in the future but you know what it is it is an absolute even if
i have goodwill even if i have a good heart i still know that this message will not get
through to most whites most blacks most hispanics most asians you name it it's just it just
feels too good to just say whites are the devil and then whites will say you're all
the devil and then the government can play the part of referee it just feels too good
to be losers it feels too good to be chumps it feels too good to believe in obama four
years ago and have him come in and oh he's going to give me free health care and he doubles
the health care cost and and lets insurance companies cut the type of care you get i won't
have time to play the entire fall of the republic the extras from endgame battle for the republic
unless professor griffith doesn't show up in the next hour which again entertainers
are famous he is set so he's coming on so that needs to happen okay so so we'll have
to play battle for the republic another day i want to challenge people online to go watch
it it's another six years on youtube so it's not high res we're going to re-air it tonight
in high res on the nightly news and i'm going to shoot an intro to that it's just this is
an absolute paramount issue for you to understand and i'm going to go ahead and do this network
break because i've got to stop skipping and when i come back i'm going to play a newscast
where they said the kids are sent home for american flags see you're sent home for pointing
your finger now of a pastry that isn't even a gun looks like it could be the shape of
a gun you get kicked out of school it's it's mind control can't have an american flag can't
have a pastry can't have a plastic knife to spread your jam at school your parents can't
pack your lunch but you know what the city will pay for a billboard saying rise up hispanics
rise up mexicans in austin with my money and your money do you imagine again hispanics
are driving around looking spanish and they read that imagine if hispanics who fought
for this country who know america isn't perfect but better than what mexico's become they're
like i want to be an american i run to hispanics on the street every day they say hey i want
to be an american i am an american see they're stealing your birthright mexicans are as
texan texian as it gets most mexicans don't feel like they belong to texas embrace it
it's yours don't let anybody take it from you that's my point if you're listening you'd
know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day if you're listening you know the
economy is not getting better you know gas and food prices are skyrocketing now is the
time to get prepared for years we've told you about our friends at e foods direct they
have the best tasting long-term storable food on the planet this food will taste just as
great 25 years from now as it does tonight a long-term food supply allows you to freeze
the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most be prepared and get your supply
from e foods direct right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars
with free shipping on all food supplies give yourself peace of mind and be prepared act
now and call 800-409-5633 or visit e foods direct dot com slash alex get free shipping
on all orders for a limited time call 800-409-5633 or go to e foods direct dot com slash alex
you can bet your life on e foods direct is this the year you finally get serious about
your family's drinking water if so keep listening for a special offer from big berkey water
filters did you know that over 60 percent of municipal water is fluoridated berkey water
filters distinguish themselves from many other filtration systems with the capability to
significantly reduce dangerous chlorine fluoride arsenic and disinfection byproducts from municipal
water via the black berkey and pf line of filters then there's affordability at only
1.7 cents per gallon berkey water filters purified treated and untreated water even
stagnant pond water stop and think how much money you could save by simply reducing buying
bottled water and using water filtered by your berkey water filter no need to be constantly
replacing expensive filters with a berkey a single set of filters can last for five
to ten years choose the best size berkey for your needs at big berkey water filters dot
com and right now all gcm listeners get five percent off all ceramic filter systems just
call 1-877-99-berky that's 877-99-berke or visit big berkey water filters dot com free
shipping on every order over $50 big berkey water filters for the love of clean water
are you or someone you love struggling with stress anxiety or less than perfect health
hi this is pastor jenny and as a woman of faith i spent many years in ministry burdened
with anxiety and fear but in 2010 i met dr carolyn dean and i took her recommendation
to try rna drops within days of taking rna drops my anxiety began to lift my joy was
restored and the peace of mind that i would have once called a miracle has now become
normal to me discover what rna drops can do for you order your free sample today at www.rnafreesample.com
that's rnafreesample.com there you can order a free 30-day trial size bottle of rna drops
by paying just shipping and handling that's www.rnafreesample.com maybe there's a miracle
waiting there for you
all right professor grips just called us about 10 minutes to go he's going to be calling
back in so he'll be with us in the next hour so that's exciting looking forward to this
interview founder of public enemy one of the main icons of hip-hop out there and we'll
get his take on where he sees the world going and the whole illuminati situation uh and
hip-hop and a lot more this is gonna be a powerful interview i'm gonna try to shut up
let him roll with his answers um you know on the subject of what's happening the globalists
are scared to death of latin america full of really smart hard-working people ever getting
a 1776 ever figuring out private property not having el jefe's you know strong men over
them that's what everybody fled from europe and then of course they just rebuilt the tyranny
they lived under here but still there was that kernel of the enlightenment and the renaissance
and freedom and when you when i see the big global corporations and the big white owned
it's very interesting uh you know anglo-owned uh jewish-owned you name it major media uh
this is different owners but we've done whole reports on it pushing hey la is mexico hey
texas is mexico hey revolt hey get white people race sells at a primitive level for everybody
and it makes sense and everybody's been wrong one way or the other and so then you start
blaming whole groups and they say hey support democratic party support socialism support
gun control you know show whitey take his guns that's going to be your guns that are
taken the globalist everything they do is anti-human i'll assure you if you're a quote
minority which is really the majority now in this country the globalists do not have
your best interest at heart and they don't have my best interest at heart and white people
do not get a memo saying don't drink hydrofluorosolic acid they don't get a memo saying don't eat
gmo soy they don't get a memo saying don't put your kids in public school they don't
get a memo they get a memo saying you're evil because you're white if you marry a white
person it's because you're racist uh and blah blah blah and and again they forced a gangster
culture onto everybody whatever you see done in the black community is a beta test on record
they test everything in the black community they don't just inject black people as simple
as folks they've been caught injecting everybody that doesn't lessen what happened to blacks
they've gotten the the the really bad end of the stick because they were a group seen
as inferior and oh it's okay the globalist could get away with more of that everybody's
being hit by this we're in this together and i really want to beat the globalist i really
do uh and you know i'll be honest with you it wouldn't be such an issue of 30 million
illegal aliens were here if they weren't on welfare a lot of them and if they were constitutionalist
it would support the second amendment and support property rights the problem is i see
the polls they vote over 90 you see all the illegal voting going on but even once they're
citizens to take guns for socialism i mean my god they had a whole bunch of the hispanic
congress people endorse hugo chavez when he died and shagwa vara and socialism and total
gun bans i mean whoa whoa i mean go talk to conservative cuban americans how about all
the communists from cuba that are pro-commy come to florida they'll turn into a communist
state overnight i mean this is a serious issue they attach communism and socialism it's a
globalist control tool on the racial liberation theology agendas i want us all liberated i
want everybody empowered i genuinely know you reap what you sow man if i even think
about doing something bad to somebody it isn't social conditioning it's my gut it's my spirit
it's my it's my programming from the almighty that that that that i shrink away from it
even if i have the thought it's not even you know my own thought of my heart but just a
thought my brain is looking at different angles i go and actually shake inside that's what
god fear is i don't fear man i don't i mean they could kill my wife my kids kill me i'm
not happy about that but if that's what happens that's god's will because i don't have fear
of man i have god fear i have but it's not like even conscious it's overwhelming i don't
want you to kill your kids and i talk to all these minority groups they're like oh abortion's
great we got to do it i'm like that's killing your people they're like shut up whitey i'm
like i don't want you to kill yourself like oh yeah it's just so insane what this has
turned into this is gcn the genesis communications radio network devastating events like earthquakes
tornadoes floods hurricanes or the threat of martial law have highlighted the need for
americans to prepare for emergencies as a result millions are stockpiling food gold
and weapons but how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill
supernatural silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency supernatural
silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria viruses moles and
fungus and is remarkable for wound care taken internally or used topically it can help keep
you safe from deadly pathogens supernatural silver has over 500 different uses and a long
term shelf life making it the number one choice of preppers across the country to find out
how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared go to supernatural silver dot
com use the promo code prepared for 20% off your entire order and like us on facebook
waging war on corruption alex jones on the gcm radio network
big brother mainstream media government cover-ups you want answers well so does he he's the
he's alex jones on the gcn radio network and now live from austin texas alex jones
all right coming up the next segment the founder of public enemy professor grip is scheduled
to be on with us yeah he's going to the rock and roll hall of fame this year and he is
somebody could certainly talk about the illuminati the new world order uh from a very interesting
perspective so he's scheduled to call in any minute now for the next segment we're gonna
be breaking that down uh you know i covered this bloomberg article just briefly in the
last hour and it is bombshell to say the least california seizes guns as owners lose right
to bear arms and they're now saying if the effect they've introduced a bill in texas
where the police say they think you're mentally ill they take your guns so forget some quack
judge or quacks like psychiatrist like in the soviet union it's going to be the police
now and that's what they're doing uh you know you you you hurt your back they try to put
you on drugs now and say you're depressed they say oh you know i'm going to write a
script for you for some anti-depressants you're like all right whatever you say doc i'm giving
you you're feeling pretty down aren't you kind of depressed yeah of course normally
you should be depressed i mean that's going to happen for a while well now that's abnormal
they write you that script all right bob you get on these in about a week they'll kick
in you won't feel so bad you know with those uh herniated discs or broken ribs from that
car wreck so i know a lot of people that were put on the drugs after a car wreck or even
after having a baby oh you're depressed because of hormone fluctuations losing your placenta
i'm gonna write you a script for the newest uh anti-psychotic by the way i'm not going
to tell you that three years from now we're going to come raid your house and take your
guns with a SWAT team and that's the new slavery get you in the criminal justice system get
you in the legal system get you in the psychiatric system get you into the debt system and this
is how the control works and then just like i covered yesterday general electric what
this this year had 108 billion dollars maybe we should search engine that general electric
hundred just show the viewers out there also viewers not just radio listeners 108 billion
and then the article i was reading i think it was ap was just going over all the different
uh corporations 50 something million 80 something million 130 something billion yeah you know
what hundreds of billions of dollars they're not going to play jack squat not one red thin
cent there it is general electric avoids taxes by keeping 108 billion overseas but you know
what general electric and the head of it was the head of obama's council economic council
offshoring jobs well that's great for us to his own factories overseas and his own systems
we need to raise taxes on the rich people they tell folks you know making thirty thousand
dollars a year who think somebody who's rich is making 125 000 individually quarter million
with the husband and wife or the spouse or significant other and can you imagine can
you imagine what we're talking about here of the person making thirty thousand dollars
a year thinking somebody making 125 000 a year is not paying enough at forty percent
just federal there's all the other dozens of taxes dozens and dozens and dozens some
cases over a hundred different taxes depending on the state you live in hundred different
taxes fines fees regulations and the average person making you know who they call rich
over 125 000 a year is paying over 65 percent in some form of tax and that's not enough
and then you got people with hundreds of billions a year offshore and they're not paying jack
diddly squat and they're lobbying for more of the people that make 125 000 a year of
their money because the big mega rich get it in corporate welfare in bailouts and in
all sorts of insider deals and they want to get rid of the middle class they don't just
want to rob the middle class just to get their money they can make all the money they want
the globalists issue all the currency 1.5 quadrillion right now they want to wreck you
they want to shut you down do we have him wow professor griff i get to talk to him for
the first time in person here in about 20 seconds when we go to break a big fan of public
enemy growing up some of the best uh best rhymes out there in my humble opinion and
so we're going to come back one of the icons of uh rap hip-hop and everything else professor
griff on the other side this is going to get deep so stay with us
if you're listening you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day if you're listening
you know the economy is not getting better you know gas and food prices are skyrocketing
now is the time to get prepared for years we've told you about our friends at e-foods
direct they have the best tasting long-term storable food on the planet this food will
taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight a long-term food supply allows
you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most be prepared
and get your supply from e-foods direct right now is the best time to stock up and save
hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies give yourself peace of mind
and be prepared act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoods direct.com slash alex get
free shipping on all orders for a limited time call 800-409-5633 or go to efoods direct.com
slash alex you can bet your life on efoods direct you prepare by purchasing gold food
and firearms but if you don't have a home security system then you're missing a critical
weapon in your arsenal for home protection when you're sleeping or away from home who's
watching out for intruders check out simply safe it's a new do-it-yourself home security
system that is completely wireless go to get simply safe.com simply safe is independent
and off the grid it runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down you're protected
it's completely customizable so you can use it in your home business boat trailer storage
unit or shed get simply safe.com simply safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself
in under 20 minutes so there's no need to let a stranger into your home if you move
or need to relocate you can take the system with you wherever you go you aren't always
at home but simply safe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day seven days a
week again that's get simply safe.com introducing pro one all of your filtration in one system
portable on the go no more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride
you have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95 percent of hydrofluorosolicic
acid advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one
filter element it is the only one that does it and out of the gates we have a discounted
at 10 percent off with promo code water this is the only system that in one unit helps
reduce or remove pesticides herbicides chloramines ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid
the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium
hexafluorosilicate get your pro pure with a new pro one filters today at info war store.com
or by calling 888-253-3139.
Big Brother mainstream media government cover-ups you want answers well so does he he's Alex
Jones on the GCN radio network and now live from Austin Texas Alex Jones.
It is Tuesday the 12th day of March 2013 and professor Griff one of the great granddaddy's
one of the icons one of the founders of rap and what is hip-hop I mean you can't really
think of anybody out there except a couple other guys who are up there at the top of
the mountain is internationally renowned educator writer producer musician platinum
recording spoken word artist lecturer and founding member of the pioneering and revolutionary
hip-hop group Public Enemy author of the popular music business guide I'm not going to go over
his whole bio everybody knows who professor Griff is or they've been hiding under a rocker
if they don't they'll recognize his voice but the point is is his website we're also
going to be giving that out for everybody it's pgriff.info we're going to have that
up on screen for everybody as well just the letter pgriff.info and they're on tour right
now they're going into the rock and roll hall of fame this year and I've been following
professor Griff since I was about 11 years old as I grew up in Dallas and you know was
on the football team a lot of my friends you know we introduced me to you know the first
rap that was coming on I really loved it along with rock and roll and everything else out
there but I really love Public Enemy and just the sound and so then over the years I kind
of followed along with what professor Griff was really saying and then would see how the
media would spin and distort and also some of the government stuff he's gone through
but he can get into that if he wants to we'll get into the Illuminati and hip-hop which
is just constantly thrown in our face but also in rock and roll so many hip-hop and
rock and roll folks have now gone public and said they're told to do that by the business
I've talked to former high-level people from MTV and major rock stars who were in the meetings
when they said we're gonna stop pushing all this grassroots rock and hip-hop you know
rap we're gonna go with gangster kill them you know all this garbage so that was on purpose
we're gonna get into all that with him we're gonna talk about so much more here today with
professor Griff on the broadcast with us I've got a lot of questions he's got a lot of points
he wants to make we were just talking there on the break professor Griff first it was
great to hear your voice over the line and it's great to have you here with us today
oh just thanks likewise um I just want to let you know that um I've been an info warrior
for a minute uh unbeknownst to a lot of people um I was an info warrior when it wasn't even
popular to be one in the hood wow wow especially in rap and hip-hop because there's not too
many people like myself that was disseminating information and as Malcolm X said by any means
necessary but we say by any all that every means necessary well you were an info warrior
before I was an info warrior well I was there oh I was there on the scene disseminating information
however I could get it um it's just that I didn't have access uh to a lot of information I had to
pick it up wherever I could pick it up from well I've been fascinated in my off time listening to
a lot of uh underground interviews you do also some big ones uh you know just laying you know
down a lot of deep knowledge let's let's give you the floor here uh you know first off you
want to get into getting the info out let's talk about it well disseminating the information
I think is a three-step process first of all you have to be awake and aware to even
want to seek the information out then there comes the time where you you you you don't have to quote
unquote believe it I don't get into the whole concept of belief and then faith um and I know
some of the religious people that are listening please go look those two words up and then you can
call professor griffith directly we can talk but you have to have some courage to disseminate
information on this certain degree of uh of um of courageousness you have to have in order to
disseminate the information not only in this uh small group of people that surround us
that are ready to listen to it but take it out to the 85% of the masses of the people
that really are not checking for it so to speak so we have to be able to put it in a language that
the people understand and when public enemy first came out coming out of long island new york
people were not checking for a small rap group speaking truth to power talking about the
government talking about local and global issues it was very very difficult thing so the threats
came from sometimes from within the side the black community but the threats came from um
some ignorant uh white folks some threats came from from abroad especially when we when we went
internationally we started making the connection because as you know uh alex that the news that
we get from america is not the same news you get from abroad no it's in it's from all different
angles so you start really seeing the propaganda when you see the foreign news exactly so then you
start to tie the two together then when you start meeting people from different cultures
you start to get a well-rounded view on what this thing is actually uh actually about and i've seen
it at a young age and by the time by the time the public enemy thing happened we went abroad
the shocking thing that shocked me as you just admitted that you've been following this thing
and since 11 12 years old but now it's being older white men bringing their sons and their
and their grandchildren to the concerts and it's a beautiful thing and as i told you during the
break the public enemy it's never been about a white and black thing always been about the human
family well i want to expand more on that but at its core what is the new world order what is the
illuminati what is its end game because it's carrying out as you know eugenics operations
against everybody but the apple of its eye is africa uh and that's where in some countries you
know they've carried out bioweapons attacks and killed more than half the people and and and and
so many quote liberal yuppies are like well there are too many people well wait a minute i thought
you're this big liberal i mean you're really gonna sign on just make a joke about and tacitly admit
that you know this stuff's going on but it's something we're just gonna keep in the back of
the room i mean huge things are going on is my point what is at the heart from your research
all the books you've written the videos everything you've got on your site uh what is at the core of
this the end game i think the end game um once again is this um it's three or four different
things but i think the end game is population control and if we can probably if we can control
the population by controlling certain individuals and certain aspects on what's going on on global
scale then i think um they will they will become successful but i truly believe in my heart of
hearts that they will not be successful at all we um we have set them back several times for
them to go back to the growing board so the end game would be population control the end game
with um controlling the population would be mind control the end game would be even if we're uh
we're existing on the planet that's all we're doing is existing uh we're useless eaters to them
we're units as they wrote about us in rec 80 for the king alfred plant we're useless we're
useless eaters we're sheeple business we're just here almost like like zombies and they actually
have a drug on the street now i don't know if you've heard of tamale it's definitely happening
in the black community where you see these guys it's almost like you meet you're meeting them
you're seeing them it's like the lights are on but no one's home that's what they want they
gaze and there's praise over their eyes and you really can't even reach them um with designer
drugs like this on the street it buys it buys into the whole idea of the end game these mind
controlled kind of uh manchurian candidates so to speak kind of zombies that are operating out here
you know it's funny you mentioned that trance uh i came across videos that i'd seen at the time when
they were first leaked 15 years ago or so of clinton when makeup's being put on him or during
interviews and i've talked to people that knew clinton had him on the show uh you know had on
girlfriends old friends people attacked by him that clinton would like go into these baby-like
trances whenever he'd get on the telephone and get orders and that sounds crazy to people that
haven't actually watched it but later i'm going to show tv viewers we'll post it on infowars
a couple clips of clinton during satellite feeds when he wasn't live shifting into something that's
not a joke he's clearly in like a three-year-old mind control trance exactly and and now um it's
not only with uh the uh bill clinton's of the world uh these are the actual these are actual
average everyday citizens black white and everyone in between and they're doing it fire
frequencies fire the music that's right fire the food fire the drugs fire uh these uh these uh
literal these frequencies these low frequency they admit that televisions and thousands of studies
will literally thousands as you know but for listeners he's not joking here is rewiring kids
brains making them highly suggestible and most people are now in a sleep state a a a a a waking
uh oh what's the proper term sleepwalking state right we did a song called the night of the living
best hits yes this was when this was when um crack cocaine had hit and it was our answer to it and
um it's functional functional zombies functional crackheads you know they're under this a lot of
times they don't even know it and when you make them aware of these particular things then they
call you crazy it's amazing i've done a test where you actually give people commands on the street
and if you do it confidently they'll start obeying like robots even police
and and it's it's really freaking me out because what you're saying is true the public more and
more is going into deeper and deeper levels of a trance how do we break them out of that
i think what we need to do is make people awake and aware that we have to put living food in a
living body this is the only way we have to put living living information when i say food i mean
on a spiritual level intellectual level mental level and a physical level so when i say food
i just don't need physical food but you have to put food living food in a living body there's
no other way to keep the human being alive we have to feed the human being living living food
if this information that you and i and all of the info warriors that are out there trying to
disseminate to the people who are not viable and alive um we should not possibly um continue to
particular work simply because it's dead information it's dead information so today 2013
if we're having a conversation on the alex jones show and we regurgitate and do the obama
deception remix it has to be viable to today what's going on with eric holder what's going
on with drones do we need to talk about this today what does that have to do with the music
and the masks of the people i want to get into that let's talk about your book and we'll put it
on screen dealing with the cia covert war the psychological covert uh war on hip-hop and how
they've branded it and how they've taken it over and turned it into the culture killing thing that
it is today again the minister of information for public enemy being inducted to the rock and
roll hall of fame uh this year professor griff is our guest and the website is p uh griff dot info
please continue well you didn't there wasn't a 40th but you said it right it's the cia's
back in 1976 i don't know if you took me with a young lady her name is may brussels yes
well in her operation chaos as she called it from the monterey pop um to the different festivals that
went on doing this during the uh during the 60s she said that there was a cia war against the 60s
cataculture and after reading that document it said it set something off in my mind i'm thinking
well that's the same thing that's going on now may brussels said this back then so when i started
putting together the psychological covert war on hip-hop i had to go back and revamp the book and
i had to talk about the illuminati's takeover of hip-hop now some people thought i was crazy but
when i looked inside of hip-hop and i started seeing some of the information that you talk
about on your show some of the information that jordan maxwell michael tesarian and david eich
and some other people talk about i'm like wow i'm seeing that those things in hip-hop so i wonder if
if i could make the connection so when i did make the connection once again it took a lot out of me
to present it to relatively a group of people that was just close to it so i had to become
civil literate and when i started explaining what was going on it landed me in some trouble on some
things that i don't care to speak about right now because of a lawsuit but i can just kind of hint
around it right now they're attacking me simply because i'm pointing out the uh the effemintization
the effemintization of the african male inside of hip-hop and because of that we have some high uh
some people that are on high so to speak they're probably high but they're on high um so to speak
that wanna shut professor griff down but they're doing it by trying to attack public enemy as a
whole and i don't want to threaten the brothers chances of getting into the rock and roll hall of
fame to this ask me to handle this kind of conversation kind of like with kid gloves i
said i don't mind because this is not about professor group it's no big i and little u
this thing is a lot larger than professor griff but i can't say this
we're walking around today and you're walking through the malls and you you're seeing young
people and the effemintization is going on especially among young uh black um kids from
the ages of 12 to 21 should i not speak on it because if fcd is on the rise if homosexuality
and bisexuality is on the rise i'm not i don't care what people sleep with in the privacy of
their own homes i'm saying if it's affecting the masses of the people the point is when
when they're pushing for folks to have 200 sexual partners in a week and that's no joke ladies and
gentlemen these people are ended up dying of hiv and hepatitis and all this it is extremely
destructive the lifestyle of drugs and sex and all of this being pushed and it's everywhere
where they are pushing this on little kids everywhere as as is in the documents for
population control because once they've gotten rid of masculinity and men the state is now the
daddy and he can kill mommy and the kids hitler said first you get the women then you've got the
children so follow the men they've got to get rid of men basically that's why they feed us estrogen
in the food and the plastics it hyper feminizes women so they're the big you know boss uh you
know the house slaves what i call it white women black women it doesn't matter the romans figured
it out with their white german slaves you put the women in the house the men as slaves outside the
women will oppress the men and then you hyper feminize the the women with the estrogens and
it turns the men into the little uh uh m uh or or little w women go ahead i got it i just got
a text on my other line someone apparently is listening i just got a text and they said
um just be a little bit more transparent you do have to go ahead so i'm taking the distance
someone listening that's handling this case so let me be a little bit more transparent
these these two people that i'm speaking of are in particularly quincy jones and will smith
when the information came to me it came to me in confidence and um i gave my words to the individual
that i will not reveal my story but when i put it out i didn't want quincy jones with mith
the faith i was actually attacking them what you just said was beautiful because i seen these
feminization a process going on in the in hip-hop along with that went through a thing it went through
the first phase was you had to be there to understand hip-hop wasn't too many people out
in the dark in the park with us do you understand what hip-hop was giving birth to that second phase
of hip-hop was the golden era the conscious era era which gave birth to four right discussions
wise intelligent uh brand new beings public enemy big daddy queen kms one some of the other some of
the other groups that uh were very positive at that particular time shortly after that
gangsta rap kick in the neutralized conscious hip-hop with a neutralized conscious hip-hop
when we caught an album that dr drae put out um conscious hip-hop was dead at that point
this is when we started the city feminization process and bugging and balling and pimping
and all these negative things entered into hip-hop and we seen hip-hop on the decline
now we don't even have hip-hop we just have a rap and i think you're listening to understand
the difference between the two hip-hop is the umbrella rap is one of the elements that
got it yeah and we need to understand that well breaking this down when you said your phone got
tapped into we just heard the audio uh change someone is listening in the quality is not as good
uh are are you saying someone broke into your phone or what's going on no well i just got a
message i don't know who the message came from and the messages came through the phone that
i need to be a little bit more transparent well that's crazy uh that that actually heard audio
change on the phone when you said that somebody broke in on the phone expanding on this uh how
have you seen uh can i just make just a quick statement number one i don't want the people out
there that have that homosexual lifestyle who think that we're attacking them that's not our
job we don't do that and that's definitely not what i do um i don't do lectures and beat up on
homosexual than anyone else through the information that you stated that's already um sure the point
is is that when i pointed out that that all over the western world the fish are becoming bisexual
and so are the frogs we are biologically being manipulated and and i don't get up here and bash
people on race or sex or any of that the point is the point is in women it's accelerating breast
cancer on record that's a fact the bisphenol a so so so let's i mean they call me a homophobe
for saying hey little kids juice boxes are changing their sexual persuasion but also giving
them cancer that's in major studies and they're scared to death when i bring that up they don't
ever ask why are women dying of breast cancer at record numbers it's always let's find a cure why
not let's find out why this is happening exactly and that's precisely my point so when i when i
mentioned two of two of music's icons and entertainment icons will smith and pussy
jones in my lecture all of a sudden now i'm a hater all of a sudden now i'm all these other
kind of evil nasty names and then i get phone calls from their assistant saying that they want
to see me well i'm available you have my number i put my number out on youtube millions of people
have my number anyone can call me but i got the phone i received a phone call from their assistant
i said well let's get up taste the face i never got a phone call back so this is not anything
personal against pussy jones this is not anything personal against will smith i laid out the agenda
that i put in my book the psychological covert war on hip-hop it is a war going on it's on a
covert level and they're using the music to get with the people well look i don't want them
teaching six-year-olds in school any type of sex period i mean that is absolutely out of control
that's going on worldwide you've heard about where they teach in u.s schools i can pull up
guys type in six-year-olds taught to masturbate in public schools i mean period that is pedophilia
and so you're talking about it i i don't know about the the beef going on uh i hadn't uh you
know read your book yet but i do want to read it uh we've been showing it on screen so i'm not aware
uh of the things you're raising but specifically i am aware of moves that i was told by executives
to make it gangster to make it violent to make it uh anti-woman to make it thuggish to make it
look like a big joke as a cultural poison things that krs-1 has talked about also in the obama
deception what is your take on that professor griff one of the founders of public enemy
well you see that is very very key simply because i've written this same document that's been put
out there and it's true because some of the same record execs and some of the people that are tied
into the multi-national corporation apparatus vivendi and other companies are the same people
that own and invest in and have stock in private prisons so they have to fill the prison cells
they have to fill the prison beds stay there we gotta go to break professor griff hard break
we're gonna come right back professor grip stay with us
we're on the march the empire's on the run alex jones and the gcn radio network
if you want an american company with american products made by americans here is the cal
ben soap company alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years
these all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth
friendly and safe see them on the web at five star soap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free
catalog buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs
this is an amazing deal you can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap
makes you feel see them on the web at five star soap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog
a little over a year ago i began to do a lot of research into why even if i had a pretty
good sized meal that i was still starving and my research led me to a well-known fact that
most of the soils that we grow our crops on here in the united states and across
the industrialized world are almost completely depleted of almost all of the key minerals and
trace elements that our bodies need to rebuild themselves fight off cancer and be healthy i
then searched out the best vitamin and mineral company out there and discovered young jeopardy
the young jeopardy products are designed to give you the real nutrition you need and once you've
got that you don't have to eat as much to be satisfied i've lost 37 pounds in two months
simply getting the vitamins and minerals i need check it out for yourself it's incredible go to
info wars team.com today and order your first canister of beyond tangy tangerine complete
multivitamin mineral complex dietary supplement that's info wars team.com devastating events like
earthquakes tornadoes floods hurricanes or the threat of martial law have highlighted the need
for americans to prepare for emergencies as a result millions are stockpiling food gold and
weapons but how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill supernatural
silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency supernatural silver is a natural
antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria viruses moles and fungus and is remarkable
for wound care taken internally or used topically it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens
supernatural silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life making it the number
one choice of preppers across the country to find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared go to supernaturalsilver.com use the promo code prepared for 20% off your entire order
and like us on facebook get our best trained best educated best equipped best prepared troops
refuse to fight matter of fact it's safe to say that they would rather switch
than fight the alex jones show because there is a war on for your mind
monday through friday 11 a.m to 2 p.m central the second two hours carried by xm they need
to carry all three give them a call subscribers out there on xm 166 over 150 am and fm affiliates
and of course the internet at info wars.com and prison planet.com go to info wars.com go to the
listen page you can find links to the free iphone app the free android app the podcast i think i'm
gonna put that all on one page though it's kind of spread out there but it's all up at info wars.com
we have the nightly news seven o'clock every night uh and and again we we get censored by
youtube a lot the censorship's getting worse that's why for 10 years i've had prison planet.tv even
before youtube so you have all my films the nightly news the books the video the daytime
radio show 11 memberships 5.95 that's less than 55 cents per person per master membership you
get one membership you get 10 extras that's 11 people simultaneously that can log in with the
same username passcode everybody should go sign up right now at prison planet.tv to fight the
takeover of the prison planet we are funded by you we are grassroots we are funded by our little
sponsors and the system absolutely hates it i don't want to digress right now but talk about
persecution the stuff that professor griff's gone through the things that i've seen behind the
scenes but for me it only makes you stronger because uh fighting is and fighting for truth
is what really empowers you and so i just appreciate people that have courage and the
system can misconstrue and and twist what i say they can do that with professor griff and none
of us agree with each other 100% because i don't agree with myself every day with some things i
hear myself say because i wish i would have said it better you know there's so much knowledge in
the world we learn more every day a wise man knows how little he does know but i do hope you'll
support us and go to info war store.com buy the books the t-shirts the videos all of it right
there online at info war store.com that's info war store.com also get the info wars magazine the
march issue on how they want to start a civil war and race wars and everything else very important
how we expose the divide and conquer situation in the new magazine we sell them in bulk at cost
or sign up and get a subscription at info war store.com it's giant there's just hundreds and
hundreds and hundreds of products there all the great new mike adams products we're carrying
that are the cleanest organic source minerals and vitamins you can find believe me he's got
his factory outside austin it's amazing all organic certified info war store.com and also
be sure to go over to professor griff's website pgriff.info and check out his books and his new
book that's coming out we're going to be talking about that as well but you got cut off by the
break and that was intriguing so really i mean lay it out for us here i mean it's your show for
the next 10 minutes or so before i get into some other topics and maybe jam in a few calls professor
griff founder of public enemy hip-hop rap icon expanding on this professor griff you were getting
cut off in the break talking about the agenda of the takeover of hip-hop and rap what the system
wants because they're invested in the prison complex with the biggest prison population
they're now having folks can look this up prison guards from the big companies as guards at public
schools literally inducting the kids into prison the new slavery uh everything is geared to get
you into prison that way they take your rights away for petty crimes show so break it down
professor griffin and lay out what you were saying during the break to me about the takeover
of hip-hop because this is inside knowledge people need to know because control of music
is the control of culture go ahead all right these are the conversations that i that i often have
um um with chuck d uh when i run into uh mortal technique and uh wise intelligent
of poor ranger teachers and other and other uh brothers that are here and that are doing uh hip
pop that's involved in it that speak truth to power and our eyes are open we had a discussion
in reference to the uh the anonymous letter that was put out on the internet uh the anonymous
letter too long to read but in jess or this is it said that these executives had uh owned and
have stock in uh private prisons and these are the same record execs that green life certain projects
um the up-and-coming artists that you may see uh they control their entire uh careers
based on these new contracts that's been in place for the last i'd say 10 years which is
these contracts these deals called the 360 deal and what the 360 deal is is the fact that if you
continue take a certain major circle and cut it up into eight pieces of a pie um put your cd or
your album in the middle of that pie all the other pieces of the pie are ancillary properties based
on the music that you put out so pieces of the pot would consist of merchandise deal live shows
endorsements yada yada until you fill up the eight pieces of the pie that is your whole
entire life that is a 360 deal so regardless of however you have make income money coming in
they will they get a piece of that thus they control your entire life listen they have you
for a lifetime because they are the ones responsible for new renewing your contract and
then they have not only international rights and domestic rights now they have a new thing in the
contract that says universal and global rights dealing with the universe so i read an article on
how will.i.am is going to record something and send a song down from mars it's kind of magic
dealing with holograms and see these people know what they're doing they're putting the things in
the apparatus in place and they're maneuvering the artists um to buy into these 360 deals
look at the super bowl it's openly illuminati with madonna and then the other lady this year
i mean it's openly illuminati uh with janet jackson with all of it now with lady gaga with
other women wearing you know people's teeth around their neck talking about killing kids
666 what is the point behind all this i think to galvanize the uh the energy radiating from us as
human beings to get everyone on the same page listen the big new brzezinski made a statement
he says um in earlier days we could control um a million people as opposed to um killing a million
people but i think ben he said then in latter day today we're talking about i think he said that we
will uh it's easier to kill a million people as it is to control them well that's what he said he
said exactly i mean the actual quote guys pull up it's something like you know 20,000 people
20 years ago it was cheaper to to control and buy off a million people now it's cheaper to kill them
right they felt that they could just control one individual like jay-z and if jay-z has a million
two million fans then we could control those two to three million people pretty much pretty
pretty much so but you have to keep that one individual in check but since the advent of the
internet and this information out there people are becoming awake and aware to the schemes
and the gains and they even said themselves recently that says only six percent of the
population that believe that the news media is true this madness that comes from the media
is multi-ethnic destruction in america because we know there's only a handful of people that
control the media everything you touch taste smell and see on tv the big screen and the small screen
is being controlled absolutely and look at the message now gun owners are racist
the militia guys are going to start a race war and there's no real proof or truth there believe
me i know i'm in it uh and it's everybody in it of all races colors and creeds wants freedom and
knows the system the man wants our guns but they're running a script just like they did
before oklahoma city and they're getting ready to stage false flag attacks in this country what's
your take on that professor griff i think it's very very very true and um there's not anything
there's not anything that we have to run around and and wear on our sleeves and convince people
that this was true because it's happened in history before only thing we have to do is
study history um and we talked about on the break about the agalian dialectic principle they control
both sides they can exacerbate the tensions from extreme to extreme different camps and make it
appear with a video or as they did in um wag the dog and some of these other movies what was the
movie that they just got uh an award for the uh last week yeah zero dark easter bunny uh and argo
all of it i mean argos more true than zero dark uh easter bunny as i call it but it's all a bunch
of fiction made up garbage exactly so they can control both sides and then they can they can put
it in you throw it in your subconscious mind and trigger it when they want to trigger it and they
can trigger it with entertainment trigger with food trigger it with uh with the music with the vibrations
in the music it'll make you think that there's a race role going on and it's nice bright and sunny
outside and this is sad simply because we thought that once upon a time that we were making progress
as far as the human family is concerned coming together uh then they made it they made it appear
that we needed a barack obama but the whole idea of the barack obama was like you said was just
uh a broad sweep of deception they used barack obama to get back into africa to sign off on
african multinational corporations can go back to africa to colonize to recolonize africa to get the
precious minerals they think that they need to continue to make iphones that i've had you're
right and it was my own research webster tarp least countless others but we said they're going
to take out libya they're going to take out syria africans going to invade at least 10 countries
they made up that whole coney thing has been dead for six years to say that they can invade any
country in africa now they are and even came out in several african countries last month that
the presidents came out and said they're running al-qaeda to attack their own refineries as a
pretext to invade it's totally fake mohammed karzai came out and said the u.s runs taliban
al-qaeda two days ago more and more though the facade is falling when you say they're behind
they say they're behind their own internal stuff that leaks you're absolutely right
so how do you see this professor griff unfolding these people aren't god sure they have power as
long as they're invisible and we don't know they're there but when we throw sand on them
we can then you know see their outline more and more they're operating like they're invisible but
they're not their old lies aren't working anymore where do you and your gut because i've heard you
on other shows really roll with it you know me and you know what you're talking about where do you
see this going in your 25 years of fighting the illuminati uh how do you see it all shaken out
i think my gut is telling me that the masses of the people are becoming awake and aware we just
need to get over some of the hurdles we have to begin to start trusting one another and trusting
the information that we share with one another um i can't i can't begin to say to the people
i mean just just just from my gut and the work i've done with chuck uh flavor and the rest of
the guys in the group that we've been reaching out and reaching millions of people in the face
of adversity we must begin to act like it's impossible to fail and the information how many
times do alex shows professor griffith other people have to say same thing for the people
to understand that this is what's going on in the world and these are the games and the tricks
that they're playing we must begin we must begin to educate that those next info warriors coming
behind us you understand how beautiful would it be if everybody just got that all the fake hip
hop and establishment music that they sell us is meant to hurt us the message is obviously
destructive couldn't people just flip and get it and understand it people say hey we want we want
um you know easy solutions well politicians are going to tell you that but it is an easy
solution it's wake up start resisting in little ways it will grow into big things what always
frustrates me professor griff and i want to get your take on this is that every time i stand up
nine times out of ten the system freaks out and runs in fear because they're not used to anybody
standing up to them but but more people aren't standing up it's that the individual who's doing
things for the right reason has incredible power and we're like 100 foot tall monsters
to these new world order people they are scared of us yes they are but if i often said if there
was a thousand professor christen we can kind of turn the tide we can say we can change some things
sure um everywhere i go i meet someone that's like-minded like myself but it's just it's just
that one person that may be in vegas or the two or three the two or three people in a study group
in um in wisconsin somewhere um so it's it's not enough of us but i think what they're doing they
understand our strategy our strategy is taking advantage of technology and reaching as many
people as we can you know how many times my local app has been shut down corrupted
paul's message is sent sent out in the middle of the night by the time that people wake up
and they said grip i didn't know you was in the porn i said well i didn't send that message
they said well they came from oh i know they do all sorts of dirty tricks and edit things well
now we've confirmed i mean we've had it happen everybody in our office you send out a pro gun
message they ban you or suspend you on facebook twitter starting it and they're doing it to little
guys though not big guys so much and the others and under the radar but then they also do the
false flags on big guys like yourself when they go after a big guy they do something like a
misrepresentation and people don't know you don't know how real the new world order is that's one
reason i say get involved get involved and run up against it then you'll know for yourself how real
it is exactly i released the uh book analytics where i put the obama deception in my book
i released the psychological covert war on hip-hop which is the next book and my new book the
acapella revolution i released it a few weeks ago and they're stepping up they're attacked but now
on different levels websites have been corrupted um like i said the cell phone app people are being
they're harder to reach i thought the technology was desirable to reach more people at a faster
pace well it seems like mines are slowing down for some strange reason i think that's deliberate
i think that's deliberate here's an example they've taken speeches i've done and i warned
of this a decade ago because i mean the technology was already there they'll take speeches that are
mine my show no music no nothing and claim copyright on particularly powerful things
and it'll be like mtv and it's me talking no music no nothing it'll be weird canadian companies and
i've got to threaten to sue them and have lawyers actually send them tort letters to stop and it's
always key stuff about real unity they know what breaks through and they go completely ape
right this this is why i wrote the acapella revolution because the revolution is complete
constructive conscious cosmic change we're going to bring about a change but it starts with the
individual the individual's spirit and the individual's mind so the whole idea of
acapella just speaking is without the music let's just have a conversation and start the dialogue
and i think this is this is um my uh my attempt to put this information out there to slow these
people and their agenda down this new world order illuminati agenda just slow it down to a grinding
halt because if we have the dialogue at least we're coming together to at least have the dialogue
their part of their agenda is that you and i don't talk have you seen how google admits this now they
look at what your profile is and only keep you in your little group now yeah yeah i noticed that and
um not to say anything against flavor slave beautiful beautiful spirited guy but when you
google public enemy player slave comes up and they looked at public enemy through the eyes of vh1
and we know who vh1 is connected to we know we know that we know that agenda vh1 is supposed
to be video hits one but they never play videos so we know what their agenda is well it's it's
the ruin fan and the food entertainment television bet well i mean i mean if you look at it you watch
any tv i don't care what it is it's to destroy families and hurt little kids and screw people up
because they know if somebody's got their head screwed on they're going to find the truth
they're going to stand for the truth we're going to have a good civilization and a future but if
they can screw everybody up i want to talk about their super end game why they want to get rid of
most of the population so they can have the life extension technology but professor griff and i do
have that clip of clinton under clear mind control uh when we come back stay with us professor griff's
our guest it's time for a home security quiz answer this what effective home security device
is smaller than a coffee cup fakes out burglars into thinking someone is home at your house while
you're away plugs into any wall outlet is recommended by many police departments and
sells for less than 35 dollars yes it's fake tv this year about one in every 50 us homes will have
a break-in with burglars usually picking the easy target a dark house that looks like no one is home
fake tv is a small electronic security device that makes it look like someone is home watching tv by
simulating the light from a real tv it's like a lamp on a timer but far more convincing and for
only 34.95 fake tv could be the difference between coming home to a secure house or one that's been
ransacked go to fake tv.com or call 1-877-5FAKETV that's 877-532-5388 or go to fake tv.com fake tv
the burglar deterrent devastating events like earthquakes tornadoes floods hurricanes or the
threat of martial law have highlighted the need for americans to prepare for emergencies
as a result millions are stockpiling food gold and weapons but how will these items help if you
or one of your loved ones becomes ill supernatural silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a
medical emergency supernatural silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against
bacteria viruses moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care taken internally or used topically
it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens supernatural silver has over 500 different uses
and a long-term shelf life making it the number one choice of preppers across the country to find
out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared go to supernaturalsilver.com use the
promo code prepared for 20 off your entire order and like us on facebook hey there my name is frank
baits do you know the number one most valuable item in a crisis some people think the answer
is gold others think it's a gun but the correct answer will shock you i just created a free video
at crisis123.com that reveals a surprising item that is more valuable than gold in a crisis
97 percent of americans don't have this one critical item in fact they haven't even given
it a thought and the sad truth is that you may not survive without it when a real crisis hits
and a starving mob is right outside your door but i have to tell you could literally make the
difference between life and death for you and your family watch my video at crisis123.com to discover
the number one most valuable item in a crisis you'll be shocked see the controversial video
that thousands of other smart patriots have already seen in the last three months go watch
my video now at crisis123.com before they force me to shut it down again that's crisis123.com
every morning at the mind you could see him arrive he stood six foot six and weighed 245
kind of broad okay here is a clip for me a doc british documentary the compilation of
politicians movie stars people going into trances and i've actually been around a lot of
media people and let me tell you i don't know notice the mickey mouse kids all those women
that end up being the big stars who were in disney and i mean let me tell you there's something to
this i mean now they want to drug the aurora reported shooter with truth serum to make him
admit he did the murders so now they're going to drug you till you confess when you're under mind
control those particular drugs put you back in it but but and again i don't have time to get into
it'll cut into professor griffith but that whole story under darpa control getting darpa money
multiple shooters saying he was under mind control putting him back on the drugs all these guys has
the same mo i there have been cases of one guy uh in like 99 who killed a bunch of people at church
in fort worth and neighbors said they saw him dragging him out and putting him in a white van
two days before and he'd been in navy psyops and then i talked to his neighbors and people i mean
it's it's it's insane but side issue here's that mind control video uh first it's just video of
clinton having makeup put on looks like a doll you know totally in a trance and then next is him
acting like a three-year-old here it is in covertly recorded off-air transmissions from the bush
clinton presidential election campaign in the 1990s we can see that bill clinton was nothing
more than a puppet to the puppet masters which placed him in the white house bill clinton's
demeanor seems to be similar to a person who is under a hypnotic trance no definitely
this is great i love it
any more he's not on drugs there he is under mind control that is hypnotism unbelievable
good god that's enough of it it just goes on and on professor griff i mean the problem is is that
you're going to be leaving us not in this segment the next and you say you'll come back in two weeks
which we're very honored to have you to just take phone calls and talk to us and we'll see you
in two weeks which we're very honored to have you to just take phone calls but once you're gone from
here i know you'll think oh i wish i would have said that what else do you want to talk about
today that's important i was just thinking that because i was i was uh i was talking i was saying
to myself two seconds ago i wonder if i should uh bring up the whole idea of the people that i have
in my laptop that that when you mentioned about putting him in office
i don't think people understand what dynamic of the uh the city states and i don't think
they understand the right dynamic of grooming these men to be president and then the people
that are put in place um to put these people in office so i in my lecture i talk about the black
pope um who's is who's part of part of the society of the jesuit order i talk about the big new
brudinski george solos um and other people in rupert murdoch and and we go on and on who is
joe biden and i talk about these things and how obama barack obama barry gave us whatever you
want to call him today um he's groomed to be the president but he's not the president of the united
he acts like he's hypnotized at times i mean i mean something's it's that same programming i
don't think the programming took too well on bush no it didn't i think it backfired and the whole
double speak and the whole training him on how to use the english language but to to speak to
only a certain group of people this is this is david rio um stephen jacobson in his book
on mind control in america he talked about these particular techniques in depth and uh this is
something that stephen jacobson laid out that needs to be studied this whole idea of backward
masking and double speak and these kind of products that they use in and out of the music
industry i think it's a very fascinating interesting read and people could say it's all mumbo jumbo
but we know the globalists are all into the occult the point is they're getting the power
just incredible professor griffith final segment with him we're back in one minute third hour
coming up and we've got the lawyer who sued multiple times and beaten the fda stay with us
you are listening to gcn visit gcnlive.com today
you may be arrested and or subject to other police action tyranny is here the grim future
foretold in 1984 has become reality it really says that the state is god the united states
is now recognized globally as one of the most impressive police states on earth this film
conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of fema camps now being expanded nationwide
this documentary exposes how the continuity of government program has established an all-powerful
shadow state police state 4 chronicles the sickening depths to which our republic has
fallen prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship body scanners sound
cameras citizen spies staged terror and cameras on every street corner it's only the beginning
of the new world order's hellish plan the police state isn't coming it's here secure your copy
today at infowars.com or see it online in the highest quality at prisonplanet.tv
waging war on corruption alex jones on the gcm radio network
big brother mainstream media government cover-ups you want answers well so does he
he's alex jones on the gcn radio network and now live from austin texas alex jones
all right folks i was just talking to the founder of public enemy professor griff the
information officer and uh maybe we'll get him to austin for an in-studio interview just amazing
he'll be back with us in two weeks again to take phone calls man during the breaks you're really
laying it on me uh you were bringing up some of these celebrities you're saying look i you know
i don't want to have a confrontation i'm not trying to be mean nothing against them individually
to repeat what you said to me uh and i don't even know about all this so i'm not even involved in it
but i respect you and believe you said listen i had conversations with bam bam bam bam bam living
people and then you said and tupac and they told me about what's going on and i've seen other people
talk about this stuff what do you think happened with tupac personally speaking my gut feeling is
the fact that tupac knew too much when he came back out of prison and um some people that i
could probably mention i probably probably won't get in too much trouble but i invited um jada jada
pinkett smith will smith's wife laid out money uh sugar knight and a few other people laid out
money tupac was free tupac went to california tupac was propositioned by quincy jones dealing with
this the sexual rituals that go on in these secret societies shortly after that tupac dead
wow now you now you do the math man this is wow i did not know this was gonna happen today here
on the air uh man wow so i'm asking questions that's all i'm doing because i'm asking the
questions and i'm putting it out there all of a sudden they want to attack me and confront me
but i'm saying okay i'm going to bring my information here is the information now the
conversations i've had with certain individuals that don't want to be revealed i can't tell you
about that but i can tell you what tupac told me that quincy jones propositioned him all right well
i did not sure sure sure specifically just you know man i tell you i i mean all i know is every
time i study any group the french the the chinese the russians the you know what's happening at the
vatican everywhere it's all the occult and it's what's going on and that's what the illuminati
is into is these uh sex cult rights uh as you know and that's what the phalluses in dc all of this
it's just so crazy exactly and and so we shouldn't be fortunate to think that it's not going on
in an industry like hip-hop and like the music industry that that controls people live but i
mean look at lady gaga look at all of it it's rituals on the television i mean they're doing it
openly and they think they're getting power from it well well is there any way that tupac could
have been wrong about what he was telling you there's about no chance that he could have been
wrong but the events that happened after tupac's death especially with the synonymous letter and
making the connection with private prisons to hip-hop and to rap music and the criminalization
and the nicorization of rap music i think he was right what about dave chappelle he said of stuff
like this and then disappeared and then later said it was a joke then said it wasn't i mean
why did dave chappelle said similar stuff about mafias and things exactly dave chappelle went
so far to give back 50 million dollars now what black man you know gonna give back anybody 50
million dollars and go to africa what are you running from so we need to understand he didn't
say that when he was on oprah no i i listen i've been told stuff i've been told stuff by some
pretty big movie stars off record that just it's every it's it's totally insane if people knew who
ran things just and by the way satanic rituals is the tip of the iceberg exactly and so everyone
from bob dylan down to damn uh little wayne so they're confession they can't keep it a secret
too long we know the cat is out of the bag wait even bob dylan i mean he speaks out against the
new world order and uh sundown on america but how did he know that back in the 80s
their whole new order plan it's it's in the songs wow that was right something was going on then
that we didn't know about he put in the song some of the songs well i know some folks that know bob
dylan and they say he's he knows about the new world order that's well i'm not gonna man i tell
you professor griffith let me say bye to you during the break i'm gonna have weldon uh our
book guy call you to carry your books in the info war store uh professor griff p griff dot info let
me say bye to you here amazing interview uh wow we'll be talking about this for days
introducing pro one all of your filtration in one system portable on the go no more do you have two
or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride you have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride
and up to 95 percent of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride
and other heavy metals all in one filter element it is the only one that does it and out of the
gates we have it discounted at 10 off with promo code water this is the only system that in one
unit helps reduce or remove pesticides herbicides chloramines ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic
acid the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium
hexafluorosilicate get your pro pure with the new pro one filters today at info war store.com
or by calling 888-253-3139 if you want an american company with american products
made by americans here is the cal ben soap company alex and his staff have used these
pure soap products for years these all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable
and coconut oils that are earth-friendly and safe see them on the web at fivestarsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog buy the one to two months sample package and enjoy soaps
that are twice as good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps
for all your cleaning needs this is an amazing deal you can save thousands of dollars and you
will love the way real soap makes you feel see them on the web at fivestarsoap.com or call
800-340-7091 for a free catalog you prepare by purchasing gold food and firearms
but if you don't have a home security system then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal
for home protection when you're sleeping or away from home who's watching out for intruders
check out simply safe it's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless
go to getsimplysafe.com simply safe is independent and off the grid it runs on battery power so even
if the grid goes down you're protected it's completely customizable so you can use it in
your home business boat trailer storage unit or shed getsimplysafe.com simply safe is also
ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes so there's no need to let a stranger into
your home if you move or need to relocate you can take the system with you wherever you go
you aren't always at home but simply safe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a
day seven days a week again that's getsimplysafe.com
we are on the march the empire is on the run alex jones and the gcn radio network
ladies and gentlemen we are back live and we're working on getting our guests connected
via skype right now and i sure hope the guest shows up as i just got rid of professor griff
in a bombshell interview to get them on he's this gentleman of course is a lawyer
one of the nation's leading free speech attorneys and really interesting i've heard him on the air
on coast to coast am so i look forward to hearing he's had a whole bunch of victory what is it seven
major victories against the fda fda dragon slayer so we'll we'll see if that materializes uh here
today got booked real quick yesterday uh and uh at the end of the show and so sometimes that stuff
falls sometimes that stuff falls through um let's go over some of the top news stories
up at infowars.com and prisonplanet.com if you just uh joined us here today city billboard in
austin urges hispanics to revolt and rise up and shows floods of people pouring over from mexico
into texas fourth amendment we need no stinking fourth amendment police in north texas announced
they don't need warrants to come in your house now nanny mike's soda ban struck down by judge
and see it lets them ban high flush toilets ban big sodas ban plastic bags ban cigarettes next
they can tell you anything else they want they set the precedent but then they don't want to ban gmo
they don't want to ban aspartame they don't want to ban um all the rest of the garbage the hundreds
of chemicals the bisphenol that feminizes men they want to force you onto this and not let it
be labeled now aspartame now is not going to be labeled they're announcing in thousands of other
products it's not labeled milk cheese uh sweetened uh yogurts all of it already in most candies most
gums that are sugar gum it'll it'll be on there now it won't be on there can't know if it's gmo
but michelle obama is going to tell your kids how many calories to have and i saw online one of the
presidential challenge by michelle obama sheets and it was like white bread and stuff just just
amazing that all of that is going on so that's some of the news that is up at infowars.com
and prisonplanet.com right now we'll also review what's up at drudgereport.com coming up briefly
with a news brief at the bottom of the hour a lot of stuff breaking on the whole vatican front uh
man where to start here uh i like to get people on that i think are interesting and just like
professor griff last hour man that was i didn't know it was going to go there that was uh wild
he's back on with us in two weeks to take your phone calls that'll be uh news making or maybe
not it'll scare the system so much but i had a chance a while back to hear this gentleman on
coast to coast am and i've been wanting to get him on and i've kind of told my producers but
then forgotten about it a while back and i guess it fell through and and then richard reeves came
in and he said you know dr glidden who we're a big fan of and he's here on the genesis network
uh dr peter glidden he says this is a guy you really ought to interview who's worked with
the longevity and others a whole bunch of times we'll have him break down the story to sue the
food and drug administration to make them back off trying to shut down being able to buy vitamins
and minerals and supplements over the counter i mean if you have one illness from a supplement
it's national news but if you've got 200 plus thousand people dying from bad drug interactions
or from overdoses uh prescription drugs it's never even in the news and they they try to hide
it when some mass shooters on two or three serotonin reuptake inhibitor antidepressants
and and goes around killing people well the fact that the insert says it does that so they've done
everything they can and thanks to ron paul uh thanks to people like jonathan w uh e-mord one
of the nation's leading free speech attorneys uh e-mord.com e-m-o-r-d.com thanks to him and i've
gone and looked into it i mean it's not just a claim by dr wallach or or or others it's true
without people like this guy we would already be where some european countries are and south korea
you've got to get a prescription for vitamins minerals or aspirin i mean this is the codex
alimentarius global agenda 21 inset of laws they're trying to push so i wanted to get
jonathan w e-mord on with us again e-m-o-r-d.com and also wanted to get dr peter glenn
uh fire your m-d now.com naturopathic doctor host of fire m-d now which airs here on the genesis
network and he received his bs degree of university massachusetts and amherst he earned an nd and uh
barrister university in seattle washington and he's a member of the american association
anthropatic positions illinois association asymptotic positions and he of course is no
stranger to our audience he'll be riding shotgun with us a bit today he's hooked up via the genesis
network but joining us via skype is jonathan w e-mord he has defeated the food drug administration
remarkable eight times i was saying seven in federal court more times than any other attorney
in american history earned him the title fda dragon slayer probably an attorney in the regan
administration's federal communications commission e-mord has practiced constitutional and
administrative law in washington dc for the past 25 years he is the 2007 recipient of the
cancer control society's humanitarian award he is the only non-scientist ever appointed to the
certification board of the national a nutrition specialist and serves as the organization's vice
chair he is on the review board of the journal of food products marketing an international journal
of food and agribusiness marketing so he's part of the watchdog of the industry trying to make sure
they're top notch uh and mr uh mr jonathan w e-mord is now joining us i'm not going to go over
uh all of his critically acclaimed books yet we'll tell you about that but they're all listed
freedom and technology in the first amendment uh the ultimate price the rise of tyranny global
censorship of health information restore the republic man why haven't this guy been on before
i love everything i'm hearing uh thank you for joining us jonathan good to be with you alex
uh well what do you make of the attack uh i mean i know you talk about all the attacks on liberty
not just uh vitamins and minerals what is the state of our republic right now oh it's horrendous
i mean we're looking at uh around 2022 a circumstance in which medical care in this country
will be very hard to get as far as quality care is concerned and of course with a 16 and a half
trillion dollar debt and with the 23 trillion by the time obama leaves office it's not far
before we experience a collapse in the ability of government to supply services the good news about
that of course is that we may have a chance of restoring a limited federal republic and a
constitutional system of government we now have a bureaucratic oligarchy ruling this country when
nine-tenths of all federal law is not the product of those we elect but rather the product of the
unelected heads of these agencies like the fda we no longer have a republic you're right and
we're having more and more of this imperial rule where congress is told hey the u.n and
nato's over our military hey obama's over the fda and epa is going to shut down the power plants
obama you know mayor bloomberg he's going to tell you what you can drink and do they're really
trying to get us used to really stuff that's like dark satire out of a kurt vonnegut novel
well that's true there's been a fundamental shift in sovereignty at the time of the founding of the
republic the core value of the constitution meant to be protected by it was liberty
an individual liberty and sovereignty was said to be paramount government was to be our servant not
our master and here we are in the 21st century we're acting like we're in the 16th century we've
got an environment in which the sovereign is the king or the government and we are the serfs again
i mean we really are victims of circumstances beyond our control and increasingly every decision
we make no matter how intimate is being affected by a decision made in washington by someone we
can't affect because they're unelected congress since the 1930s has delegated governing power
to the administrative agencies there used to be a concept in the law known as the non-delegation
doctrine and the supreme court in the 1930s struck down many pieces of legislation
because they violated this doctrine which is consistent with article one of the constitution
that congress make all law and now it is the case that since the 1930s not a single piece
of legislation that has delegated power from congress to the agencies has ever been held
unconstitutional for violation of this doctrine it's essentially a dead letter that and the
separation of powers which is gone agencies are both the accuser the the trier and the and the
prosecutor so when you have an ahead of an agency that says okay let's go get this company let's go
get this person that agency head will ultimately also decide your fate so you don't have a
separation of functions essential for liberty and then you see the senate trying to act like that
as well not calling a hearing but uh we've seen lieberman and others say we should be able to
send a senate order to youtube to have videos we don't like taken down where they're staffers
now are judge jury and executioner no due process no uh you know restraint just off with their heads
take them away to the dungeon where do you see all this going because i see a new poll out today
most americans see government as threat to their rights for first time trust and establishment
institutions continues to plummet and the system's answer is to buy two billion bullets
armored vehicles and put cameras up on every street corner and get citizen spies i mean it
looks like the system is on a power trip well it is as i explained in restore the republic
all of the essential checks on the expansion of government have been eroded away to nothing
all the constitutional checks all of the structural checks inside our government that were
required by the constitution to restrict government have been eliminated and so you have
unfunded mandates to the states absorbing the states into this mass federal entity you have
no separation of powers with all the power that is difficult to wield out of the hands of congress
and into the agencies by act of congress you have people you elect to office who are virtually
powerless to affect any change except with a super majority and all of the day-to-day changes
are taking place by those who really have the control the agents all right stay there attorney
jonathan w emord is our guest emord.com and he is the slayer of the fda dragon he'll be joining us
with dr peter glenn after this quick break stay with us stop the pain from broken shipped and
damaged nails with a revolutionary new nail hardener nails of steel apply just one drop of
nails of steel over natural or polished nails and go with nails of steel there's virtually no drying
time and it's guaranteed order this all-natural antifungal and herbal formula for women and men
at nailsofsteel.com that's nailsofsteel.com nails of steel it's like a salon in a bottle
hi this is ted anderson have you ever wondered why banks stockbrokers investment advisors won't
talk about gold iras they've been available since 1986 yet the financial industry won't recognize
the value of gold for your retirement gold is outperformed paper investments yet no word about
iras if you would like to have gold for your retirement call 800-686-2237 don't get left
behind by rising inflation and low returns call 800-686-2237 secure your future and call 1-800-626
sure and call 1-800-686-2237 digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins
that bears repeating digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins and pro em1
daily probiotic cleanse is the key to digestive health pro em1 is a powerful liquid probiotic
strong enough to cleanse gentle enough to use every day pro em1 is dairy wheat and soy-free
contains all-natural and certified organic ingredients contains no preservatives or animal
products supports a healthy digestive and immune system supports weight loss improves absorption
of food nutrients aids in controlling yeast infections is never freeze-dried and uses three
groups of live viable beneficial microbes to cleanse and remove toxins order pro em1 daily
probiotic cleanse at tereganics.com spelled t-e-r-a-g-a-n-i-x.com tereganics.com or call
toll-free 866-369-3678 that's 866-369-3678 pro em1 the raw probiotic nagging constipation hemorrhoids
or painful bowel movements have you considered your toilet posture the colon needs proper
alignment for faster more effective elimination and that's exactly what you'll get with a squatty
potty not a cleanse or a pill the squatty potty is a healthy step in the right direction is doctor
recommended and starts at just 34.95 call 855-628-1099 or go to squattypotty.com
spelled s-q-u-a-t-t-y potty.com squatty potty healthy colon happy life hi this is ted anderson
have you ever wondered why banks stock workers investment advisors won't talk about gold iras
they've been available since 1986 yet the financial industry won't recognize the value
of gold for your retirement gold is outperformed paper investments yet no word about iras if you
would like to have gold for your retirement call 800-686-2237 don't get left behind by rising
inflation and low returns call 800-686-2237 secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237
we all know that berkey water purification systems are the most trusted name in water
filtration as an authorized berkey dealer for over six years in serving thousands of satisfied
customers the berkey guy offers amazing specials for berkey water filtration systems the berkey
light systems include a set of self-sterilizing and re-cleanable black purification elements that
purify water by removing chlorine pathogenic bacteria cyst and parasites to non-detectable
levels and remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides and pesticides order the berkey
light system today complete with two black berkey elements for only 231 dollars and the berkey guy
will ship your order free of charge with the purchase of a berkey light the berkey guy is also
offering a set of fluoride and arsenic filters for only 39.99 that's over 30 percent off the
retail price call the berkey guy at 1-877-886-3653 that's 1-877-886-3653
or order online at goberky.com that's goberky.com today
well we've got the fda dragon's player on with us and i was just thinking about the last few
years it first started in chicago where the white house controls things then denver and
then all over the country they're saying parents can't pack lunches you've got to buy the gmo
overpriced garbage that's federally controlled and you've got to uh and let your children eat
that and you can't pack your lunch i mean it's a giant prison america is turning into a prison
jonathan w uh emord uh you know famous uh lawyer beating uh the fda let's talk about let's bring
in dr peter glidden who recommended you to the show and i'd already wanted you on and forgotten
about it you know that is you're driving listening to somebody late night you know coast coast am one
of my favorite shows and i heard you on there a while back a few months ago then forgot about it
and then dr glidden said you got to get this guy on dr glidden tell us about i mean you know
tooting this guy's horn so people realize there's folks fighting for us and that we can win tell us
about the guy we've got on the line right now dr glidden well i can't say enough about jonathan
emord alex i mean of all of the lawyers in the united states right you know there's the old joke
you know what what's uh what do you call 100 lawyers in a bus at the bottom of the ocean a
good start right everybody hates lawyers but not jonathan emord jonathan emord is the exception
that proves the rule and he is the guy more than anybody else in the united states who has gone to
bat for holistic medicine for uh vitamin companies to keep health freedom alive he's one of the main
speakers at the health freedom expos that are in los angeles and in chicago and emord has done more
for the pragmatic lawful practice of non-drug medicine in the united states than anybody else
i'm telling you i knew you're going to love this guy you you you too you and uh jonathan are like
you know twin sons of different mothers coming at the same uh subject from different angles i
just really can't say enough about him and and the game is still afoot gentlemen the game is still a
foot there is so much more that needs to be done here and we have a long segment coming up where
we can break down the current attacks that's why we've got him on today so people know it's coming
down the pike so we can defeat it as we've done in the past but now because we have been defeating
them with the constitution they're just as the attorney was saying as jonathan was saying just
bypassing that how do you expect this to play out i mean i know the future is fluid it's up to us but
if they're going purely to a dictatorial mode is there anything we can do to stop them now that
they're setting up an imperial uh federal uh bureaucracy and presidency well my firm is
attacking them at every juncture wherever they take a move to violate the rights of people or
to create a guild protect one industry over another my firm has been very aggressive in
filing comments on behalf of clients that are injured by those activities and uh particularly
in the area of free speech in the past but more so now on the structural regulations i think what's
going to happen is that they're going to break the back of the private sector thomas jefferson
referred to government as a parasite and uh in the early days of his administration when government
really was virtually nothing compared to today he was worried that the seeds of its own destruction
lay in its ability to sap from the private sector it's like blood and that's what's happening we're
over taxed and over regulated which is another form of taxation this is largely responsible for
the enormous difference in in wealth the extreme poverty and extreme wealth the absence of an
upwardly mobile middle class is largely due to structural barriers the government puts in place
through regulation they just make it too costly for people to open a business and keep it going
um over time as the debt increases as regulation pours down upon the american people and makes it
apparent to them that they are having difficulty functioning unemployment rises and continues to
rise and then what happens ultimately is that the welfare state entitlement programs which are now
continue to which continue to be so attractive to people will be unaffordable for the government to
maintain they'll break down doctors won't provide medicare services because they can't afford and
that's already happening it's doubling the premiums this year my dad is in health care
management he said my god this is written to wreck america i mean do they know what they're doing
they assume that the private sector will carry more burden than it actually will but as we
approach that tipping point when people start realizing gee i can't reliably get medical care
gee my social security check is simply inadequate to afford even basic sustenance gee all these
promises government has made to me over the years are simply untrue because they can't be fulfilled
well at that point of necessity people start turning back to the private sector this is like
this is like the collapse of the former soviet union well i agree with you stay there the author
is with us i've got to read his books and i don't know how i didn't know about this guy for the last
few months and we've also got peter glidden there so so so we'll finish up with where he sees it
going solutions but also the big current attacks this is key information and i'm going to ask the
lawyer the attorney about the attacks on our free speech here in austin stay with us we're on the
march the empire's on the run alex jones and the gcn radio network
i had tried everything i'd cut back the amount of food i was eating i was lifting weights and
jogging but nothing was working my body was literally starving for minerals and trace
elements as well as key vitamins and as soon as i had that i immediately could eat half of what
i was eating previously and be satisfied now there are hundreds of great products at info
wars team.com but i want to point out the three that have helped me lose 37 pounds in just two
months products like beyond tangy tangerine holland burst and rebound when i started taking
the tangy tangerine and other products every day i lost more than 37 pounds in just two months now
that's results i want to challenge my listeners to go to info wars team.com and to order just three
of their products and you will see the changes in the way you look feel and in your appetite almost
immediately start your journey to health and wellness today info wars team.com now that we
have moved into the winter season there is an increased need to support our immunity and health
at silver lungs we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection of silver
based products our most popular silver based products are the 32 ounce nano silver solutions
our two ounce nano silver nasal applicators as well as our all-natural silver soaps just released
is our 100 percent natural silver gel our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling
agents which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface but rather we have formulated
our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and
nourish the skin while delivering the silver more effectively visit www.silverlungs.com
and click on our store page to find what silver based products are best for you
that's www.silverlungs.com if you're listening you know your basic freedoms are being threatened
every day if you're listening you know the economy is not getting better you know gas
and food prices are skyrocketing now is the time to get prepared for years we've told you about
our friends at e foods direct they have the best tasting long-term storable food on the planet
this food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight a long-term food supply
allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most be prepared and get
your supply from e foods direct right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars
with free shipping on all food supplies give yourself peace of mind and be prepared act now
and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoods direct.com slash alex get free shipping on all orders for a
limited time call 800-409-5633 or go to efoods direct.com slash alex you can bet your life on
efoods direct the alex jones show some people say a man is made out of mud a poor man's made out of
a poor man's made out of muscle and blood muscle and blood and skin and bones a mind that's weak
and a back that's strong you load six what they want is a monopoly or guilds controlling things
that is what the globalist model is and jonathan w emord is the fda dragon slayer defeated them at
least eight times in big lawsuits in court one of the key guys in there also working with congress
the few times they've done a good job to block outright bans of vitamins and minerals but he's
also a big free speech lawyer and i want to talk to him about that dr peter glidden's with us to
bring up some of the current stuff and where we're going with this but let me raise this to you now
sir you can't see it you're on video skype with us but we're not sending you video so that we don't
degrade the quality of your video we found but i handed out and had a street crew that i hired
hand out 10 000 copies of my info wars march magazine that is about the police state takeover
and selectively anywhere downtown and i'm showing photos to people right now police gave tickets
tickets but but notice they were warning so it made it even more racketeering because
it was just all intimidation they said next time you'll be ticketed for real
and then arrested for blocking right-of-way which they weren't doing just handing out
just handing out magazines and so here are the photos we actually were able to get these
of our street team then south by southwest had shaved head nothing against guys with shaved heads
but you know big bouncer type guys come over and say get off the streets it's a big corporation
owned by the chronicle local newspaper big successful film music festival we decide to
hand out 10 000 magazines just one small part of what we do and i've always heard these stories
about them and they literally had the police code enforcers and then goons who claim they were with
them we don't know that's the case come up and the news went down there on saturday and they
admitted it to them then the police backed off and the code enforcers backed off so my question
to you is they they're conscious about this you can't feed the homeless we'll arrest you
homeless can't dig in dumpsters and get apples we'll arrest them uh you you can't you can't hand
out uh uh magazines then when we fight back okay you can but then they just come right back it's
a conscious uh always moving against us against basic rights what would you do about something
like this and why are we seeing things like this across the board sir well i think there's a
general disregard for rights that comes with the growth of government and the assumption of greater
government power it's inevitable and we're at a point now where it's become an epidemic across
the country but in your case there's an unquestioned right first amendment right to
distribute which uh is recognized since the turn of the 20th century in supreme court precedent
and it is there are many cases including johovah's witnesses cases in which the right to distribute
information is fully protected there's a time place and manner restriction that the courts
recognize in instances where it would have an effect on obstructing traffic or preventing
ingress or egress to buildings but if people are in the streets particularly and they're not
obstructing traffic they're on the sidewalks and so forth they have an undoubted right to distribute
pamphlets other literature of any kind provided it's not pornographic or otherwise not protected
by the first amendment but clearly political views are entitled to the strongest first amendment
protection supreme court has said and the right to distribute them is fully protected so what
would you do well i would get an injunction against the local authorities that would preclude
them from taking those actions to stop the distribution of these publications and they
really should be mindful of the fact that that can happen in short order this is a federal question
you're dealing with the first amendment and they can be enjoined from preventing you from doing it
and of course i still would do that sure exactly the issue i'm getting at is there's the
consciousness of that every time they do this they back off and when the media shows up then
they come back and do it again and then play stupid and the police i ran into later apologized
and said we didn't want to follow orders but high up said do this and it was selectively only
against us because it's basically it's hardcore free speech stuff about everything you and i are
talking about and also the people that own the south by southwest have a long beef with me
because they're basically collectivist fake liberal tyrants it's just that how do you respond when
they like the mafia back off when you stand up to them but as soon as you then leave the field
they come back how do you deal with something like that well i think you're doing a wonderful
job by exposing it as you are right now but in addition i would make clear to the authorities
what's going on and that it is their duty to protect your right of free speech that's what
i did yeah and they should be uh signing officers to prevent these people from interfering with your
right to distribute that literature that's their obligation well that is how it ended what was
actually us calling the police over or the ladies we hired the local street team uh we had to get
the cops over to stop those guys so so when the cops and others uh stopped following their little
orders and then the code enforcers wouldn't fall on constitutional orders then they actually sent
goons out showing the essence of this well it's uh sounds like an awful situation but uh i think
the law is plainly on your side at least in this instance exactly but i think it just shows the
mindset of chicago or new york style muscling now is even in texas i mean how bad is the tyranny
growing well it's horrendous uh for example with obama care the promulgation of regulations under
obama care you thought the statute of over a thousand pages was bad take a look at what's
coming out of the regulatory agencies particularly hhs and cms and and the rent seeking or uh
corporate protectionism activity is just running rampant with more lobbying than i've ever seen
scenes because this is going to create an army of tens of thousands of new bureaucrats and huge
opportunities for protectionist uh regulation and so for example there's a new regulation out by cms
that would make registered dieticians the only people in hospitals that can prescribe medical
nutrition therapy and they can do that independent of physicians under this thing it's a plum that
they were able to snatch through lobbying the cms and this will have dire consequences because
registered dieticians have uh oftentimes just a bachelor's degree that's all that's required
in science and a bachelor of science but it creates a monopoly guild as you were saying
earlier but i mean what about the fact they now admit it does have the death panels right that's
uh that's an amazing uh horrific aspect of this too and it's going to come to pass it's not going
to come to pass not only because of the inherent power to allocate resources that they've assumed
but also because uh we're going to see a shortage of both physicians and of specific uh
services for example the 2.3 excise tax on medical devices under obamacare is destroying the medical
device industry that is comprised largely of small and medium-sized companies that cannot afford the
enormous tax it's on gross receipts not on profits so unbelievable it's it's really ruinous so that's
more like 10 15 of their profit and most people are operating on a five ten percent profit and the
bureaucrats just want more more more and we've seen this in hundreds of cases the last two
centuries with collectivists they will wreck the society is there anywhere to reverse the cancer
i mean they've got payroll taxes on poor people and the poor are now learning they're going to
be hammered what did they think insurance companies were going to do of course they
compel people to buy their product and then the product goes up in price
well cbo is estimating that medicated ranks are going to grow by about 16 million people in the
short term and up to 30 million people in the long term when you look at the long-term prospects for
insurance companies many companies can't afford the requirements that are being placed upon them
for under obama care and are dropping insurance entirely cbo estimates that that will result in
30 million people being uninsured so what do we have a system of obama care that was designed to
take uninsured people to the tune of some 30 million and give them insurance what it's really
doing is uh redistributing the right to insurance so that middle-class people who had health
insurance through their employers are going to lose it to the tune of 30 million people
and 30 million people who had who were in poverty stricken are now going to be on the insurance
rolls uh largely through medicare and medicaid but largely through medicaid and that will bankrupt
the system then they fully nationalize it right and that's really consistent with the overall
underlying plan here they wanted a single-payer system they built into obama care means to achieve
that and uh their expectations are coming to pass the exchanges are being rejected by many
states medicare is expand medicaid is expanding as a result uh and the people are falling off of
this system are ending up on public systems of support that the federal government is operating
and that's uh creating the socialized medicine system they wanted after all they really looked
at this uh insurance system as an interim measure the ultimate measure was all along
to create socialized medicine in its purest form and by the way there's really not much difference
between an insurance company bowing to the will of hhs as to coverage and socialized medicine
anyway we we really do have presently a cancer of socialism that's running throughout the medical
system and is destroying quality care it's just accelerated to a massive degree with obama care
and i hear this mindless meme that oh european health care is so great that i watched c-span
of parliament where they admit it's 18 months to get a brain surgery that's 100 fatal basically if
you don't get the surgery within six months for a tumor and they just admit it and and then they
have old people just dying and they're now practicing euthanasia and then bill gates goes
well that's needed kill grandma hire 10 teachers we're now in this collectivist pot where they're
going to tell us what to eat insurance companies are getting from the grocery stores what we eat
to then put it into a database i mean they really know what they're doing i want to bring in dr peter
glidden uh to to to to comment on this because and they get your take on it uh jonathan because you've
got the perfect storm here of as they socialize medicine as they bring in death panels as they
lower quality of care which is what the insurance companies want a government guaranteed to do this
so they lower care now they can uh you know nix out the doctors and say you don't get that eye
surgery as daschle wrote in his book you know that's a great thing as all this happens they're
coming in against the supplements the vitamins the nutrients in the health revolution that can
keep you out of these hospitals so at the same time and they're trying to shut down the free
speech of doctors and others who are wanting to expose what's happening so let's bring in
dr glidden dr glidden uh break down what i was just talking about there give me your take on that
well here's the way that it is alex you know i could have a thousand patients who had definitively
diagnosed type 2 diabetes a thousand patients and i could treat them with non-drug therapeutics with
science-based clinically verified that's science-based clinically verified medical
nutrition and they could all recover from their diabetic condition no more type 2 diabetes it's
gone and i can't post that testimonial on a website i can't make a testimonial about that
i can't make a testimonial about that i can't even say it in public that we can cure the illness
because according to the food and drug administration the only thing that can cure
anything is a drug this is a big bad voodoo daddy you know and quite frankly alex i couldn't be
happier if the medical system collapses because we have taken the wrong dog to the hunt i mean the
medical system doesn't need to be streamlined the drug companies don't need to be reined in
there doesn't need to be more checks and balances less regulation or more regulation the reason that
our health is going to hell in a handbasket is because we've taken the wrong dog to the hunt
md-directed uh pharmaceutical centrist allopathic reductionistic treatments for chronic disease
don't work this is the trillion pound gorilla in the middle of the country that nobody is talking
about the best possible thing that we can do for our health is not to tweak the system not to try
to perfect the system not to try to streamline the system it's abandoned the system the only thing
that md-directed medical therapeutics are good for is surgery when surgery is absolutely necessary
and emergency care medicine but the alternative practitioners the nature past the the homeopaths
the herbalist the acupuncturist everybody who's not an md has been kicked off of the bus of
medicine for goodness sake the state of illinois sued me for five thousand dollars because i used
the word doctor on my website you can't do that now i've been a licensed physician for 20 years
but it's not okay for me to use the word doctor let's stop right there let's stop right there
i remember having dr blalock who's a retired brain surgeon but other people on 16 years ago
saying you're going to see giant increases in diabetes as they put aspartame in thousands
of products not just soft drinks equal nutra sweet brand names we knew this the studies were
there in the 70s when they couldn't get it approved until 80 and here here it is cbs news
last week new study is wake up call for diet soda drinkers and let's punch this up for tv viewers
cbs news and it goes over all of it artificial sweeteners tied to obesity type 2 diabetes
it's an excitotoxin it makes you more hungry and tricks your brain and fries your pancreas
they knew it they know it's deadly poison diet soda associated with higher type diabetes no
one's asking why is it up by two three thousand percent why are hispanics dying left and right
especially because genetically it really targets them because it's wood alcohol we know what that
does in native americans that's what hispanics are spanish mixed with native americans it's
killing them in mass but you can't come out and say nobel prize for medicine linus pauling mega
dosages of vitamin c massively kills cancer is a great treatment you can't say that even though
it's nobel prize but they can push 10 000 plus products with aspartame in it that kills people
deader than a hammer 500 million people die from vioxx 500 000 500 000 a half a million people die
from vioxx nobody goes to jail the leading cause of death in the united states right now to the
tune of 780 000 people a year is md directed medical therapeutics it's the leading cause
of death it's the leading cause of bankruptcy while the mds have been driving the bus of
medicine autism is skyrocketing alzheimer's is skyrocketing life expectancy is flatlined
it's unbelievably poor outcomes and nobody bats an eyelash wow going back to jonathan w
emord sir you know i've been throwing a lot of questions yeti a lot of points what are some of
the big attacks we've got on the supplement front going on i mean i know they've been pushing
that as well because big medicines in there what patenting you know fish oil changing a molecule
and then they want their competition that's 20 times cheaper banned well one thing that people
need to really understand is that the censorship regime that the fda operates is profound and
there it is absolutely prohibited by federal law to make any treatment claim for a dietary
supplement even if it's true so for example if you put on and that's true of foods as well if
you put on the label of water treats dehydration you've just transformed the water by operation
of law into an unapproved drug and it is illegal to sell you sell it you can be thrown in jail you
put on uh any other thing prune juice you put on there treats chronic constipation you just
transform the prune juice into a drug and you're thrown in jail that's so even if the statements
are true if you say cranberries are good for the stones in your bladder or your kidneys you can't
do it can't do it and the reason why this regime is in place is that it is an anti-competitive
system that ensures a monopoly on the right to make therapeutic claims for drug companies
they're the favored regulatee the whole food drug and cosmetic act is designed to put the government
in the place of protecting the drug approval process and thereby protecting an exclusionary
system that limits to drugs the right to make therapeutic claims a drug is not defined as a drug
based on its chemical composition it's defined as a drug based on the claims that are made that is
therapeutic claims so anything that makes a therapeutic claim is automatically categorized
as a drug so it's a pharmaceutical monopoly wow jonathan w emord we're going to come back with
him we're going into overdrive with dr glidden today visit info wars health.com for the very
best longevity products discounted info wars health.com stay with us you prepare by purchasing
gold food and firearms but if you don't have a home security system then you're missing a
critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection when you're sleeping or away from home who's
watching out for intruders check out simply safe it's a new do-it-yourself home security system
that is completely wireless go to get simply safe.com simply safe is independent and off the
grid it runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down you're protected it's completely
customizable so you can use it in your home business boat trailer storage unit or shed
get simply safe.com simply safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in
under 20 minutes so there's no need to let a stranger into your home if you move or need
to relocate you can take the system with you wherever you go you aren't always at home but
simply safe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day seven days a week again
that's get simply safe.com amino acids are the building blocks of proteins amino acids have to
be delivered to your body in the shape that nature gave them if they are to be used to create new
proteins in your body just like a bricklayer cannot use bent or twisted bricks to build a
brick wall so too your body cannot use bent or twisted amino acids to build new proteins
giving your body an undamaged amino acid food can make a huge difference in your health
one world way is an undamaged amino acid food unlike any other you see heating bends and twists
amino acids and all whey protein powders we've investigated and most proteins you consume are
heated with our true cool process you now have a choice with one world way my name is daniel i'm
34 years old when i started using one world way i weigh 228 pounds now after two and a half months
i weigh 182 pounds this is my ideal weight i've noticed an increase in stamina rate of recovery
from workouts and an increase in my potency call 888-988-3325 or visit one world way.com
hello this is ty bolinger author of the best-selling book cancer step outside the box
i want you to know some very important information in 1985 president ronald reagan requested that
carnivora be sent directly to the white house at a time when only the president could obtain this
world-class healer now 27 years later carnivore capsules are used around the world to keep people
healthy now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in this age of superbugs with 17
naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal cells only without harming a
single normal cell if you want to stay healthy now's your chance to literally wake up your
critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders that don't belong in your body call 1-866-Venus
fly or order from carnivora.com that's c-a-r-n-i-v-o-r-a.com that's 1-866-836-8735
1-866-Venus fly or visit carnivora.com protect your immune system it's the only one you've got
the genesis communications radio network proudly presents
the alex jones show because there's a war on for your mind
now think about this they don't want gmo to be labeled or aspartame they're trying to get the
labeling of that thing put it in everything that'll kill you down there in the hammer give
you brain tumors you know i said thousands of studies there are literally thousands of studies
on excitotoxins hundreds on aspartame more than 20 before they got it approved where it killed the
baby monkeys and i it just drives me crazy ladies and gentlemen the beyond tangy tangerine the all
the products the essential fatty acids the very best out there and your purchase supports this
broadcast infowarshealth.com you can go sign up there on the site as well at infowarshealth.com
which we'll punch up on screen and i'll give people the phone number that's there
on the side if you want to call when you sign up to get auto ship you can get free shipping there
at infowarshealth.com and again ladies and gentlemen the number to call if you want to
call infowarshealth product order line or to have your questions answered is 888-789-9277
that's 888-789-9277 infowarshealth.com if you'd like to join the team and get even bigger
discounts pay a $10 fee and then get distributor status you can do that the same infowarshealth.com
or infowarsteam.com 877-551-1301 i'm gonna get him back up soon by himself and i want to read
his books and then carry him obviously because i'm i heard him on coast to coast blew me away and
then actually research wow this is the guy that has had so many victories i'm going to continue
on with dr glenn for at least 30 minutes in the next hour if your local station doesn't carry it
audio streams at infowars.com and video streams at prisonplanet.tv but in the three or four minutes
we have left sir why have you been so successful against the fda not epa fda why have you been so
successful when other people have it because you know i cover the news i know how hard it is
if you actually have a case and go to court against them the feds have like a 97 percent
conviction rate just to show how corrupt things are and when you're suing them it's i mean i saw
human experimentation we exposed and broke here with researchers north carolina where they were
gassing college students and not telling them just two months ago we broke that and the obama
administration said we're allowed to do this we're going to stop the program but nobody gets in
trouble that's nuremberg stuff i mean you know it's amazing so so where is it going
where is it going yeah well i think on the question about success i think uh the reason
for the success is entirely one of strategy we were very careful in how we position these cases
and how we chose to take them we didn't take every case that came along and we we really had
two things working for us excellent argument and then also a persuasive ability with the judges
that we had it's it's very hard to win against the federal government i would say that 99 percent
of all cases involving the federal government the federal government wins these days
so defeating the an agency as powerful as the food and drug administration does require
considerable amount of work and sometimes the amount of time for example with pearson versus
chalala which was a landmark decision that held fda censorship of the folic acid neural tube defect
claim and omega-3 fatty acid coronary heart disease claim and other claims unconstitutional
unconstitutional that case took a decade to build and to present uh through the administrative
process onto the courts so it's a it's very hard to defeat the abuses that the government
puts on the american people well i love that uh little life ring you have behind you says
save the constitution this is a one minute break uh emord.com emord.com jonathan w emord do five
more minutes with us we'll let you get out of here and we'll continue on with dr glidden
with some other breaking news stay with us
thank you for listening to gcn visit gcnlive.com today
devastating events like earthquakes tornadoes floods hurricanes or the threat of martial law
have highlighted the need for americans to prepare for emergencies as a result millions
are stockpiling food gold and weapons but how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones
becomes ill supernatural silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency
supernatural silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria
viruses moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care taken internally or used topically
it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens supernatural silver has over 500 different uses
and a long-term shelf life making it the number one choice of preppers across the country to find
out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared go to supernaturalsilver.com
use the promo code prepared for 20% off your entire order and like us on facebook
coast to coast direct from austin you're listening to the alex jones broadcasting network
big brother mainstream media government cover-ups you want answers well so does he
he's alex jones on the gcn radio network and now live from austin texas alex jones
wow i'll tell you we just started getting into the intriguing stuff where he was bringing up
the court cases that was the first question i had written down i wanted to ask him talk about some
of the cases you won where you know you can't say folic acid has been shown to cut back on
birth defects and you need it that you know that it's not drugs it's a lot of simple nutrients
so this is the time we have left um jonathan please break down a few of the other victories
you've had just so people get an idea of how serious this is because you know i get excited
about tyranny taking over i get excited about resisting it and i think people need to find that
instinct again of really being territorial about our liberties that thomas jefferson talked about
but spend a few more minutes i mean not tooting your horn it's been a long time since we've
talked about these rare victories you've had well i think i might mention uh one that is
really an example of just how far the government goes and then also once you get the tiger by the
tail how you can succeed in flipping it and we had we had a client that wanted to say that
vitamin b6 b12 and folic acid could reduce the risk of vascular disease and that is backed by
enormous science that combination of vitamins has the effect of lowering a caustic amino acid
called homocysteine and the cdc had announced uh to the physicians of the united states that
they ought to test for homocysteine in addition to cholesterol because homocysteine was determined
by cdc to be an independent risk factor for vascular disease so we presented this petition
to the fda for approval of the claim showing the evidence and the cdc's position on lowering
homocysteine and the fda made the extraordinarily arrogant statement common with this agency that
it is the the agency of the federal government that will decide what constitutes an independent
risk factor not cdc that even though cdc made this determination it had no bearing on its own
assessment that it didn't think that homocysteine was an independent risk factor that it didn't
think that all this science showing the lowering of homocysteine with these three vitamins
was necessarily uh proof that it would lower your risk ultimately of vascular disease so it denied
the claim and that came on the heels of about six victories that we won over them in cases of
censorship and the courts were very uh willing at that time to strike the agency for failing to
abide by these orders so we pursued a different strategy in that case with a client willing to
support it where we went after the commissioner of the fda directly and laid a foundation for
a contempt action where the commissioner could be uh held responsible directly to the
for violating these court orders these are constitutional mandates and so uh immediately
after it became clear that that was our direction the government capitulated allowed the very
claims we had asked for and uh disappeared because they didn't want to be hit well that's what i was
about to say i'm no superstar lawyer like you but 17 years on air and fighting a lot of corruption
i'll go after the people who have conflicts of interest i'll go after the people that are getting
the payoffs i'll go all the way around and then suddenly they leave you alone and and so it really
just shows uh that there's more than one way to skin a cat that's true you know one thing one
example i think characterizes the corruption and the control of the drug industry over the fda
perhaps more than any other there are many many instances but in the case of sanivy eventus's
drug keytech that company was found by the fbi and by the medical reviewers at fda to have come
up with a fraudulent clinical trial as a principal basis for its drug and despite the fact that the
fbi prosecuted the investigators who for the sanivy eventus who did the trial and despite the
fact that there was no question that the evidence did not exist of there ever being that the
clinical trial the fda commissioner overruled the medical reviewers and approved keytech incredible
we're gonna have to have you back up about your books very soon they're all available at emord
dot com thank you so much sir we'll be back with dr glenn with more he'll comment on what he was
just covering wow introducing pro one all of your filtration in one system portable on the go no
more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride you have a system that
cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95 percent of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing
technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for
removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element it is the only one that does
it and out of the gates we have it discounted at 10 off with promo code water this is the only
system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides herbicides chloramines ammonia and
chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride
filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate get your pro pure with the new pro one filters today
at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139 if you're considering a water filter have you
heard about aqua pale aqua pale from freeze dry guy.com has huge advantages over many other water
filters american-made aqua pale units are designed and engineered to not just filter contaminated
water but capture or kill all bacteria and viruses to non-detectable levels aqua pale has the
fastest flow rate of any other water filter on the market filtering a gallon of contaminated water in
about five minutes that's water when you need it now get the world's fastest safest and most
reliable gravity-fed portable water treatment system for surface well and wastewater sources
aqua pale available in four sizes starting at only 100 in all orders to the lower 48 ship free
call 866-404-3663 or go to freeze dry guy.com that's 866-404-3663 or freeze dry guy.com
100% veteran-owned the freeze dry guy are you still a traditional smoker now experience a new
lifestyle and try vaping with e-cigarettes by lisig imagine no ashes stains nasty smeller coughing
and hacking with lisig e-cigarettes revolutionary micro electronic technology rechargeable battery
and unique replaceable cartridge you'll get all the benefits and satisfaction of smoking without
the hazards choose your taste from a wide variety of our new american-made vapor yet e-liquids at
lisig.com and lisig smokes the competition by serving thousands of worldwide customers with
real people customer service fast free same-day shipping and a 30-day warranty and satisfaction
guarantee so are you ready for a new vaping lifestyle then call 8 7 0 5 1 8 4 3 0 7 that's
8 7 0 5 1 8 4 3 0 7 or visit lisig.com spelled l-e-c-i-g.com lisig e-cigarettes for today's
modern smoker the genesis communications radio network proudly presents the alex jones show
because there's a war on for your mind all right i got dr glidden on because he recommended the
last amazing guest who we had on who i first heard on custa custam with george nori who by the way
who by the way uh george is on tomorrow isn't he you know george nori is on the show tomorrow i
forgot i we set that up last week that's going to be a big interview uh and so i got glidden on kind
of ride shotgun but i wanted to go into overdrive today which some stations do carry and some days
we do live sometimes it's the first hour re-aired for stations that have to miss that uh upon the
different satellite systems we have but you just heard the lawyer that's beaten them eight times
in court in sometimes decade-long litigations and you heard him criminally about 98 of the times the
feds convict it was about 95 of years ago it's like 98 now 99 of the time you heard him you lose
because it's so rigged the only reason he wins is he'll show the conflict of interest and judge
don't you own a bunch of stock in blah blah blah you know or uh you because it is a bunch of crooks
up there and i love the fact we got that lawyer on i mean i could have guessed that's how they're
winning because that's pretty much only way you win with these crooks now because they're so busy
they got other people to rob you know like they'll tell you we're not letting you take your kid home
until you've taken 14 vaccines you'll go but there's no law they'll go uh police are standing
by don't resist and if you say i'm calling talk radio i know somebody they go whoa oh we we
apologize i mean that actually happened one of my crew just a few weeks ago right whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa i can make one phone call hi yeah i'm alex jones oh you're gonna not do that oh you know
there's no law i'll never forget about six seven years ago everyone's cnn to the big pr thing with
the kids made to take the shots in maryland baltimore they had 2 000 kids and their parents
lined up with barking dogs and swat teams because the right wingers were saying don't take the shots
and the judge is like it's the law he had him outside gaveling and i had the state attorney
on who ran it all and i go you know that isn't the law and you tricked him the truancy isn't the law
you triggered truancy by kicking him out which you can't do and then charge him with truancy
plus you couldn't kick him out because it's only policy it's not law and the guy goes you ought to
be a lawyer like me that's right my kids don't take it i ought to find that radio interview
he was laughing on here it's like funny yeah a lot of people my kids don't take it i wouldn't
give it to them for nothing like it's fun he's conning a bunch of mainly black people and he
was a black guy to take a bunch of deadly shots that don't even protect them and it just messes
with me it's like all these weirdos think it's fun to con somebody you know what's fun it's
painting an oil painting and selling it for ten thousand dollars on the open market because people
admire my work by the way i'm gonna get back into that because i want to what's fun is a woman to
like me not to rape her i just man i don't get it i mean i got him and i'm not some good guy by the
way i mean i got a lot of bad thoughts and i'm not saying that's like i'm cool but and i you know i
have a violent streak a lot of the things but i just dr glidden i've been ranting i'm gonna give
you the floor here and i've got some breaking news here in a moment but you heard all we talked about
my hour the few things you popped in with i just don't get how everybody works in this system
and screws everybody around them and doesn't think it's going to come back on them i mean even if
they're not moral people don't they know that if you go to a city pool and excuse my french crap in
it that pretty soon nobody can get in the pool i mean don't they don't they get that uh sir
well it's been an experience alex there's basically two types of people in the world
there are people that are self-centered and there are people that are other centered
and generally speaking the people like you and the people like me the people that are involved
with actually helping people right where other people centered and we'd never even consider
doing that i mean we'd we'd be the ones the first ones through the door to get bloody right helping
to shake down some type of tyrannical thing helping to stand up for the little guy but there's
a whole contingent of society that they're self-centered and it's just the way that they
look at things and you know like the fella said he can't fix stupid and this is just the way that
it is in the world and by the way jonathan emoord oh my god this is one of the reasons alex i've been
involved with holistic medicine for over 20 years he's the reason we can have info wars health.com
he's the people don't know it would all be banned right now and this is why i love dr wallach so much
and dr wallach's company young jeopardy by the way emoord didn't tell you yeah he dr wallach
introduced to jonathan emoord to his current wife for goodness sake because they've gone out of
their way dr wallach's got out of his way to sue the food and drug administration on your behalf
for goodness sake and he's one of wallach's lawsuits yeah he won he won a qualified health
claim petition around the nutrient selenium which allows us to legally say and i want you to think
long and hard that we had to sue the food and drug administration so that we can say this legally
one selenium capsule at 200 micrograms a day which is cheaper than dirt for goodness sake
because it's made from dirt selenium is a mineral supplement like calcium 200 micrograms of selenium
reduces the occurrence of breast cancer by 82 percent reduces the occurrence of prostate cancer
by 69 colon cancer 64 and lung cancer 39 even if you're a smoker and we had to sue the food and
drug administration it's on record they admit now because the lawsuits were able to say
what about the big university study on what beyond tangy tangerine and ultimate
the different longevity products here for the colon it kills cancer cells kills cancer cells
but the only people that can treat cancer in the united states are oncologists the people that
screw it up i want you to think about this long and hard medical doctors bless their hearts are
not trained in how to cure disease it's not in their wheelhouse for goodness sake they don't
even know how to cure heartburn right they can't cure heartburn they can manage it with a little
purple pill they can manage it but they can't cure it to the profession that does not even know how
to cure cancer to cure heartburn we have given a trillion dollars of money to come up with a cure
for cancer and now they're coming out with cancer vaccines which they admit will actually give some
people cancer it's crazy i mean the chemotherapy and the radiation treatments that they give for
cancer give people cancer chemotherapy from mary taylor moore who had lung cancer beat it but now
the chemo is giving her brain cancer exactly right nobody goes to jail can you imagine what would
happen if dr glidden or dr wallach or an herbalist or an acupuncturist or a chiropractor or a homeopath
somewhere in the world gave one patient one herb and it killed them we'd be pilloried in the town
square but the fda the pharmaceutical companies do it all the time and we give them a pass this is
how deeply down the rabbit hole we have gone here in this country we have become culturally
conditioned to believe that when it comes to medicine the md is the executed king and it's
simply a lie it's not true there's room in the world for mds and you know in a perfect world
we'd go to see them for emergency medicine and for surgery when surgery is absolutely necessary and
for everything else you'd use longevity because as god is my witness wallach's therapeutics make
produce more consistent physiological change produce better results than anything i've ever
seen it is the best kept secret in medicine it's the best thing to happen to medicine since the
sterile technique quite frankly you know what the only way i'm gonna be able to shut up and let you
actually cover all this was to give you the floor you want to host the rest of the hour i know you
got your own show coming up today at four you want to host the hour yeah i've never done it before
i'll give it a whack i love doing this sometimes in overdrive just throw it over to somebody
that's real radio there let me cover a few news items we're gonna come back from break and give
me the last 40 minutes of the show uh but but let me throw a few other news items at you real quick
i hope people will go to mfallwarshealth.com i hope they will call the number i look i always
wrote what i believe in you know you'll hear some ads in the network i'm not saying they're good or
bad i just haven't endorsed them i turn stuff down all the time every once in a while i catch ads that
go through that i don't totally agree with it i get hopping mad like i did yesterday i caught one
in the magazine but the point is somebody lost their job over it by the way but the point is is
that we really try to do the right thing because that's what i want that's that's the karma i want
reap what you sow i want good mojo not bad mojo and it's not because i'm even superstitious i
like i am really in to promoting what i believe in and i'm telling you mfallwarshealth.com all
the longevity products the lowest prices there and the multi-level marketing vehicle is just what
they used 16 years ago for the computer program to have affiliates and salesmen they don't even
promote that angle but it's one of the top rated ones in the country you know some of the bad ones
give stuff bad names this is incredible products great things to sell super buzz going on out there
so sign up at mfallwarsteam.com if you want discounts to be a distributor that's the way to
do it and it really is a life-changing event now here's a few other news items we're gonna go to
break and come back and throw the rest of the hour to dr dr glidden i'm gonna be gone until tomorrow
or until uh the the nightly news like i'm gonna go shoot a special video for it right now but i
want him to be able to roll with health news what's going on and to tell you about mfallwarshealth.com
and shoot if he wants to we go out the network number and take some calls uh but school calls
cops on water pistol vows to track down owner using surveillance cam superintendent you can't
take any of that stuff lightly and again if your if your pastry looks like a gun you're arrested
or kicked out of school now here it is free speech ban reversed in by city of austin when
i told people about this saturday in a video when i learned of it they said it couldn't be true
they said no info wars bumper stickers allowed in parked cars downtown this is some of us we've
even caught on tape which the guys have been encoding getting ready to air we've already
heard some and and giving people tickets for handing out my magazine but everybody else was
allowed to free speech ban reversed in austin that's up on info wars.com and they actually
caught the cop riding one of the info war street team uh there's local companies people that hand
out stuff and it turned out they were fans we hired them they were handing out our stuff a team
of five women and one man one man and they literally first said move down the street we
won't ticket you and then okay now we're going to ticket you and then next we're going to arrest you
and then by the time i got there the cops were already refusing to follow the orders of the city
so they tried to have code enforcers out there who i named on air but for anybody listening on radio
go to info wars.com and it is the top story because we finally got the photos off the cameras
from the ladies and we've also tweeted those out at real alex jones on twitter go to any article
page and click on the little twitter icon and follow us there that is right there on the site
so everybody can see what happened with the street crew but as i was saying uh it is absolutely
essential that everybody realized that we stood up for our rights so they backed off
but the point is they tried to say we couldn't have a bumper sticker on our car i mean that is
north korea all right i'm alex jones for info awards.com and info wars health.com
dr glidden is coming back in the next segment stay with us or 888-789-9277 for info wars
for info wars hello i'm alex jones myself my family the info wars.com team want to relay to you
and your families that we are intensifying our efforts against the globalist on every front
info wars.com is leading the fight against the technocrats but we can't do that without your
help by getting the films bumper stickers and t-shirts at info wars.com you will wake up people
in your area and support our operation as we move to the next level we need your help to spread the
word like never before they wish to hide themselves during this tectonic battle between the forces of
freedom and darkness you are the response to the globalist technocrats and their program
of global eugenics dehumanization and ultimate extermination the war is here it's an info war
the spirit of 1776 versus the mindset of 1984 spring is here growing season the economy is
not getting any better in fact it's getting worse think about it at this rate how will your life be
in a month or even a year maybe you've been putting things off but the time to act is now
the country is running out of food you need to get your seeds before it's too late
at organic a seed.com you'll find one of the largest online selections of heirloom seeds
survival seed packs as well as the giant vegetable seed collections that can feed you
and your family for years grow your very own fresh vegetables wheat grass fruits herbs rice tea
coffee and tobacco with detailed growing guides available to you at no charge you can maximize
your harvest and investment and the best part all orders ship within 24 hours so head over
to organic a seed.com that's o-r-g-a-n-i-c-a seed.com organic a seed.com today hello this is
ty bolinger author of the best-selling book cancer step outside the box i want you to know some very
important information in 1985 president ronald reagan requested that carnivora be sent directly
to the white house at a time when only the president could obtain this world-class healer
now 27 years later carnivore capsules are used around the world to keep people healthy
now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in this age of superbugs with 17 naturally
occurring compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal cells only without harming a single
normal cell if you want to stay healthy now's your chance to literally wake up your critical
immune cells to attack harmful invaders that don't belong in your body call one eight six six venus
fly or order from carnivora.com that's c-a-r-n-i-v-o-r-a dot com that's one eight six six eight three
six eight seven three five one eight six six venus fly or visit carnivora.com protect your
immune system it's the only one you've got march into big spring preparedness savings this month
at beefrepair.com going on now emergency essentials and beefrepair.com save you 28%
off your favorite beef and chicken combo entrees save 24% on number 10 cans of freeze-dried
raspberries or save 26% on our freeze-dried strawberry slices with purchase of 12 or more
catadine pocket micro water filters are 27% off try our fruit flavored hydro pack combo water
filtering pouches in march buy five 10 packs for a 50% discount stock up on wheat with a year supply
of grains for 70 dollars off only at beefrepair.com and this month power up with a goal zero sherpa
50 solar-powered recharging kit at a hundred and ten dollars off msrp and we'll throw in a free
50 emergency essentials gift card the march sale ends march 31st at beefrepair.com for contents
and details call emergency essentials at 800 999 1863 or click beefrepair.com the choice is clear
be unprepared or beefrepair.com
welcome back everybody dr peter glidden here sitting in for alex jones on the info awards
network check out my website fireyourmdnow.com that's fireyourmdnow.com now let's continue this
line of thought that we were talking about with jonathan emord and alex in the last hour
like the fella said folks you don't know what you don't know right i mean i know that i can't speak
french i know that i know that i can't fly an airplane i know that but there's some stuff that
is so far outside of my wheelhouse and yours that you know i didn't know i didn't know that and it's
the same with you that that's just life well i've got to tell you after 20 plus years of boots on
the ground primary care holistic medical work is god is my witness the stuff that you didn't know
you didn't know concerning your health is either going to kill you or heal you and my job and i'm
happy to do it is to educate people about the stuff around medicine and health that so far
outside of their wheelhouse they didn't even know they didn't know that because it's very very very
important like the fella said you know if you're lost in the wilderness you go to a survival school
what's the first thing they're going to tell you you're lost in the wilderness what do you need
perspective you got to climb to a high tree climb to a high hill get perspective on where you're at
to try to plot your course out of there well we desperately need perspective when it comes to our
health and our well-being and well-being and we don't have any in this country we do not for the
last 100 years the medical theater in the united states has been completely dominated and
monopolized by the mds now i'm not md bashing i'm not i have a lot of friends who are mds
and i have respect for the md medical profession but the md medical profession is just one piece
of the pie of medical science but the drug companies and the insurance companies and the
illuminati and the powers that be who own the world have convinced you for the last 100 years
that the only person to pay any attention to when it comes to anything medical is the md
and that everybody else is a back-of-the-bus alternative quack right that's the party line
right oh don't see that chiropractor heaven forbid oh no don't go to see the nature path
oh don't take those vitamins you're going to get sick and die right well it's nonsense
perspective shows us that met the medicine that mds practice is just one small piece of the greater
pie of medical science and the piece of the pie that mds are trained in is referred to as
allopathic medicine mds don't practice medicine nobody does i don't practice medicine i practice
naturopathic medicine right there's osteopathic medicine homeopathic medicine chiropractic
medicine acupuncture ayurveda traditional chinese medicine and what mds do which is referred to as
allopathic now look republicans have their own philosophical view democrats have their own
philosophical view libertarians have their own philosophical view buddhists have their own
philosophical view born again christians have their own philosophical view somebody's philosophy
informs how they move through the world. The philosophy of
healing that MDs are trained in, is referred to as reductionism.
And reductionism argues that the human body is a soup, a machine
made of parts. And that it is the doctor's job and the human
body has no inherent healing capacity. Once you're sick,
you're screwed according to the MD. And it's the doctor's job
once you're sick to march in and deliver to your body, man made
synthetic drugs, the intention of which is to suppress and
manage your symptoms. This is MD allopathic philosophy. Your body
is a machine, there is no inherent soul force present in
your body. Why? Because nobody's ever dissected the soul out of
the corpse. If nobody's ever dissected the soul out of the
corpse, therefore doesn't exist. Because according to
reductionistic medical philosophy, if you cannot
measure it, it doesn't exist. So according to the MD, your
consciousness is a function of biochemistry. And your body has
no innate ability to fix itself. And once you're sick, you're
screwed. And so your only option when you're suffering with an
illness is to let the MD the allopathic drug centrist MD
delivered to your body medicines which suppress your symptoms,
override and control the workings of the human body. Now,
I want to talk about this, what political system believes that
the people are not smart enough to take care of themselves, that
every aspect of society must be controlled by the state
communists, right? And you know, you can argue we're going that
way here in the United States, but communist regimes, their
whole thing is people are not smart enough to take care of the
state to take care of themselves, the government knows
best. You know, it's the nanny state, the government has to do
everything for you. Well, this is the MDs philosophy of healing.
Your body doesn't know how to fix itself. The only person that
can is your medical doctor by suppressing and managing your
symptoms with drugs. I'm going to tell you the other side to
this coin when we come back stick around. I'm Dr. Peter
Glidden. This is overdrive at info wars.
We're on the march, the Empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the
GCN radio network.
Introducing pro one all of your filtration in one system
portable on the go. No more do you have two or three filters to
just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts out the
sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced
manufacturing technology combined silver impregnated
white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for
removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter
element. It is the only one that does it and out of the gates. We
have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove
pesticides, herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and
chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride
not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium
hexafluorosilicate. Get your pro pure with a new pro one
filters today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
In an emergency situation, would you drink contaminated
water? You could if you have the amazing life straw from my
patriotsupply.com life straw is the most advanced personal water
filter available today. It filters contaminated water from
almost any source life straw is lightweight and compact perfect
for hiking camping or in an emergency like a flood life
straw is easy to clean comes with a one year warranty and has
been used worldwide since 2005. Get the amazing life straw
personal water filter at my patriotsupply.com plus check out
survival seat vault 20 seat varieties for only $37.95
Tatler canning lids long term storable foods as low as $69.95
and much more at my patriotsupply.com enjoy stress
free shipping on all orders over $49 call 866-229-0927 or visit
my patriotsupply.com that's 866-229-0927 my patriotsupply.com
for emergency preparedness self reliance and food independence.
Do you suffer from low functioning adrenal or thyroid
gland? Did you know that mercury from your dental fillings comes
off your teeth both as a vapor and as metal particles into your
body. Wherever mercury deposits in your body, it stops cells
from functioning normally. Animal studies show that mercury
causes kidney function to drop by 60%. Mercury deposited into
your adrenals or thyroid will cause a corresponding drop in
function. The number one method by which your body detoxifies
itself of mercury is glutathione. The number one
superfood that helps turn on all 75 trillion cells in your body
to produce glutathione is non denatured whey protein from
grass fed cows. After investigating most high end
whey proteins on the market, only one is the most non denatured
the most active the most complete and in our opinion, the
most powerful in what nature originally put into the fresh
raw whey. It is One World Whey. Call 888-988-3325 that's 888-988
3325 or visit one world whey.com that's one world
that's one world wh e y.com
Welcome back everybody. Dr. Peter Glidden sitting in for
Alex on the overdrive segment of the infowars radio show. So
here's the deal, right? Everybody in this country is
sick and suffering. If you want information on science based
clinically verified options to drugs and surgery, go to
infowarshealth.com. That's infowarshealth.com infowarshealth.com
If you would like to talk to a living breathing human being
that actually lives in the United States, not in Mumbai or
South Africa, to get information about the health opportunity and
or the business opportunity which you should not overlook
888-789-9277 that's 888-789-9277. Where did I read my
people are destroyed by lack of knowledge lack of knowledge,
right? I mean, before we knew how to purify water, we didn't
have long life expectancies before we knew how to eliminate
our sewage, we didn't have long life expectancies. Before we
knew how to shelter ourselves from the elements and heat our
homes and cool our homes, we had relatively short life
expectancies, right? These are things that we've all had to do
in order to just survive on planet Earth. We got to find
water and purify it, we have to eliminate our waste responsibly.
We have to shelter our our bodies live in houses and heat
them and cool them. Well, there's one more thing we need
to do that your medical doctor failed to tell you in order for
your body to maintain and to regain and maintain optimal
health. Your body needs 90 essential nutrients 90 essential
nutrients, 60 minerals, 16 vitamins, 12 amino acids and two
essential fatty acids. The only problem is unless the 90
essential nutrients are not present in the food, they're
just not the lion's share of our body's nutrient needs the stuff
that your body needs to keep its heart healthy, keep its joints
healthy, keep its kidney healthy, keep its gallbladder
healthy, keep its skin and brain and everything healthy. Our
minerals 60 of the 90 essential nutrients are minerals. That's
two thirds that 66% of your body's nutrient needs are
minerals things like calcium and selenium and sulfur and zinc.
The only problem with minerals is the only person that can make
minerals is God. Plants can't make minerals. Animals can't
make minerals for goodness sake. If plants could make minerals,
we could bio engineer lettuce to make gold and we'd all be rich.
Minerals are only found in the soils. They're they're found in
the water table also, but that's because they've washed there
from the soil right minerals come from rocks. Erosion grinds
down the rocks and then the minerals are in the soil. The
only problem is the minerals are not evenly distributed in the
soil. They're spread out in veins, you know, like the
chocolate and chocolate ripple ice cream. There's nowhere on
God's green earth where all 60 minerals exist in the soil and
farmers aren't paid to mineralize the soil, especially not in the
industrial agriculture world that we live in. Thank you very
much Monsanto. I don't think so. The 90 essential nutrients that
your body needs simply to maintain its function are no
longer present in the food that you're eating, period. They're
not there. So that means unless you are actively supplementing
your diet with vitamin and mineral and nutritional
supplements, unless you were doing this, it's only a matter
of time until something in your body breaks until something
wears out until something goes south. And then you have a
health concern you have a chronic disease, you've got
asthma, you've got type two diabetes, you've got high blood
pressure, you've got congestive heart failure, you have
fibromyalgia, you're infertile, your children have down syndrome
or autism, you have insomnia or fibromyalgia or eczema or
eczema or whatever, you're in the weeds. So what do you do?
Well, you go to the only medicine that's practiced in
your town, you go to the only medicine that's legal in your
state, you go to the only medicine that your insurance
pays for that's MD directed medicine. The MDs and the
pharmaceutical companies have a lock on medical practice in the
United States, we don't have a free medical market here. We do
not have a free medical market. My profession naturopathic
medicine is only licensed and regulated in 16 states. And the
stuff that I know, Big Pharma does not want you to know,
period. For goodness sake, your body needs 90 essential
nutrients. All right, you didn't have them. So now something
breaks. And let's say you've got asthma. So you go to your MD and
he throws a drug at it. Now from our point of view, asthma has
its roots in nutrient deficiency, the deficiency of
essential fatty acids, Omega three, six and nine, Omega three,
six and nine. You don't have asthma or chronic disease
because you have a bad gene. You don't have a chronic disease
because you have a voodoo curse. You have a chronic disease
because you have the wrong doctor. Your body has simply run
out of the nutrients necessary to maintain and regulate its
health. It's that simple. For goodness sake, if your car runs
out of oil, what happens? The engine seizes, right? Does that
mean there was anything inherently wrong with the
mechanics of the engine? No, you just ran out of oil. You run out
of transmission fluid, the transmission seizes. You run out
of power steering fluid, you can't turn the wheel. You run
out of air in the tires. Well, forget it. And it's no different
with the human body. The biggest problem that we have here in the
United States, though, is because medicine has been
monopolized by the pharmaceutical industry and the
MDs for the last 100 years. Your medical doctor has no training
in nutrition, no respect for nutrition, no appreciation for
nutrition, and certainly no clinical experience with medical
nutrition. Your medical doctor, bless his heart, is trained in
drugs and surgery. Now, drugs and surgery are great if you
have a bullet in your arm, if you have a bad tooth, if you get
your leg blown off, heaven forbid in Iraq, if you have a
third degree burn, if you have some type of trauma, that's the
wheelhouse of the MD. That's the domain of the MD. That's what
they are excellent at. For goodness sake, if you were
wounded in Vietnam, you had something like a 17% chance of
survival. If you're wounded on the battlefield today, over 80%
of our soldiers are going to come home because that's the
domain of MD directed allopathic reductionistic medicine. But
where they stink is everything else. Everything that you go to
the doctor for, obesity. You want to know the solution to
obesity that not even Oprah knows? Here it is. Your body has
wisdom. This is the fundamental difference in the philosophies
of holistic medicine, which is what myself and my colleagues
are trained in, and the philosophy of reductionistic
medicine that your MD is trained in. The MD believes that your
body is a coincidental combination of biochemicals that
happened back in dinosaur days, and that was excited by a
thunderbolt from a passing thundercloud. You've got to be
kidding me. According to the MD, there is no inherent vital
force. There is no inherent soul force in the human body. Once
you're sick, you're screwed. Your body cannot fix itself.
It's the doctor's job to manage things with drugs until they
get so bad that you have to march in and get a new knee. And
then three years later, when that knee fails, you get a
refund? No, you get another knee for goodness sake, if you can
afford it. For goodness sake, obesity is caused by the wisdom
of your body, the wisdom of your body. And here's what I mean by
that weight gain, obesity, obesity is weight gain on
steroids. Your body knows how to fix itself. Your body wants to
fix itself. For goodness sake, your body was so smart. It grew
itself all by itself from a single celled organism into you.
You think if it could do that it can fix itself? Well, you're
darn right, it can fix itself. It also knows how to regulate
its affairs. So your body knows that it has the need for
nutrients. It knows it needs calcium and zinc and sulfur and
vitamin A and vitamin B and vitamin C. It knows it needs the
90 essential nutrients. It knows it. But because the nutrients
are not in the food that we eat, your body is running out of
nutrients. Now, after a time, your nutritional tank gets so
low that your intelligence of your body freaks out. Your body
knows that if you continue to run on nutrient fumes, your
heart's going to break. Your gallbladder is going to break,
your joints are going to break, your brain's going to break,
something's going to break. So your body freaks out and forces
you to eat. Your body forces you to eat in the desperate
attempt to fill its nutritional tank up. But holy smokes, the
food that you're eating doesn't have the nutrients you need. So
you go to Olive Garden, you eat 3000 calories. Two hours later,
you're hungry again. So you eat, you eat, you can't stop eating
and then you go to your medical doctor, you're 150 pounds
overweight and they tell you you're lazy. Even though a
United Nations study done a couple of years ago showed
there's no relationship between exercise and weight gain. It has
nothing to do with it. It has nothing to do with it. Your
medical doctor tell you, oh, you need to have your stomach cut
out. That's your problem. Your stomach's too big. We need to do
a gastric bypass. Oh, you have the fat gene. That's your
problem. It's nonsense. Again, because your medical doctor
blesses hard as a colorblind art critic. He does not know what
we know. Your medical doctor has no understanding and no
appreciation for medical nutrition. The only thing that
makes people gain weight is that we eat too many calories.
But was there anybody in the death camps of World War II that
was overweight? Anybody? I don't care what their pre-existing
medical condition was. I don't care what their age or their
sex or their race was. When you don't eat, you lose weight. The
only thing that makes people gain weight is we eat too many
calories, period. The only thing that makes you eat too many
calories is the wisdom of your body. Your body knows it's
running on nutrient fumes. So your body forces you to eat in
the desperate attempt to fill that tank up, but the food that
you're eating doesn't have what you need. It just doesn't. So
you eat and you eat and you eat and you eat and then you eat
some more and you never feel full. And then your medical
doctor tells you your stomach's too big. You've got to be
careful. This is a tragedy of biblical proportions. No pun
intended. Now you want to know how to fix this? Well, it's
easy. So in order to get on the other side of obesity, the other
side of weight gain, you need to support and promote the
nutritional status of your body. That's all that you need to
do. You need to fill your body's nutritional tank up to the
brim. Fill it to the brim with the 90 essential nutrients. Now,
not all vitamin supplements are created equal. Vitamins are
like wine. There's a great deal of difference between Annie
Boonsprings, green apple wine and a nice, you know, California
Cabernet. Well, they're all made from grapes. What's the
difference? The recipe is the difference. I've been involved
with naturopathic medicine, the clinical application of
naturopathic medicine as a primary care naturopathic
physician for over 20 years. And as God is my witness, the
recipes of the vitamin supplements offered by the
Younggeviti Company, formulated by Dr. Wallach, eclipse anything
else in efficacy that I have ever seen. Dr. Wallach's
nutritional supplements produce more consistent results than any
other nutritional supplements. Why? Because their recipe is
better. It's that simple. Yeah, well, you're going to spend
hard-earned money on vitamins. You got to buy them somewhere.
You might as well get the best ones in the world. For goodness
sake, if your kid wanted to be coached in basketball, you're
going to be coached in basketball and you had the
option to get him coached by Michael Jordan or by your high
school basketball coach for the same amount of money. You'd go
with Jordan, right? Why? Because he's the best. If Albert
Einstein was still alive and your son wanted to learn
science and you could hire Albert Einstein as a tutor or
your high school science teacher, who would you hire? You
would hire Einstein. Well, if you want advice with nutritional
supplements, quite frankly, you're a knucklehead. If you
want to know more about my Forgettable Science,
Dr. Wallach's clinical experience and Dr. Wallach's
research resume. Dr. Wallach's knowledge base about science
based clinically verified non-drug treatments that
eclipses anybody else. Dr. Wallach is the Michael Jordan,
the Wayne Gretzky, the Albert Einstein of holistic medicine.
His stuff works better than anything I've ever seen. So
nutrients in one package. It's called the Healthy Start Pack. It's available here
at InfowarsHealth.com. It's called the Alex Pack. InfowarsHealth.com. The
recommendation is one Alex Pack per 100 pounds of body weight per month. If you
take one Alex Pack, one Healthy Start Pack per 100 pounds of body weight per
month into your body, into you add that to your diet every day, it's a game
changer. Because when you do that, guess what happens? It's the first time in your
life your body has been nutritionally satisfied. The first time. Switches start
turning on in your brain that have been turned off for decades. If you're
struggling with weight gain, you take the 90 essential nutrients every day and all
of a sudden you go to Olive Garden. There's 3,000 calories on your plate. You
eat 800 and you're full. You take the rest home in a doggy bag. It's as simple
as that, ladies and gentlemen. Give your body the raw materials necessary to fix
itself. Get out of the way and let the body fix itself. You have no idea what
you're missing. By the way, this isn't old-fashioned medical nutrition. This is
new-fashioned, science-based, clinically verified stuff delivered by holistic
physicians who are licensed and trained in how to do this. As God is my witness,
this is the best-kept secret in the wonderful world of medicine. It really
is. Our basic premise here is your body knows how to fix itself and your body
wants to fix itself. And that most chronic diseases have their roots in
nutrient deficiencies. Did you know that there are over 275 illnesses caused by
not enough calcium? High blood pressure is one of them.
Menstrual cramps, bad menstrual cramps, that's often a calcium deficiency.
Inability to fall asleep at night is a calcium deficiency most of the time. It has
its roots in a calcium deficiency. High blood pressure has its roots in a
calcium deficiency. Muscle ticks and twitches have their roots in calcium
deficiencies. Ringing in the ears has its roots in a calcium deficiency. You don't
have a bad gene. You don't have a voodoo curse. You have the wrong doctor. You've
taken the wrong dog to the hunt. Why? Because your medical doctor and your
insurance company and your pharmaceutical companies have told you
that I'm a quack and that I should be avoided. Oh, don't go to those nature
paths. Irony of ironies. Leading cause of death in the United States, MD directed
medical therapeutics. Leading cause of bankruptcy in the United States,
MD directed medical therapeutics. You want to change your life? You want to get
on the other side of health? You want to support and promote your body's ability
to fix itself with science-based clinically verified stuff that you can
get at the wholesale price? And in so doing, support Infowars and the mission?
Well, this is the best day of your life. Go to InfowarsHealth.com. That's
InfowarsHealth.com. Or call 888-789-9277. That's 888-789-9277.
Talk to someone there. They will hook you up with the Alex Pack, with the
Healthy Start Pack. That's a good place to start. Now, there's two things that
we recommend people do in order to support and promote the health of their
bodies. Number one, fill your tank up with the 90 essential nutrients every
day. Fill it up with the Alex Pack, number one. Number two, eliminate from
your diet 10 foods that we have determined as bad for you. Bad dog, no
biscuit. There are 10 foods I don't even want you to look at, let alone eat.
You stick with me in the top of the next segment, the last segment here, on
OverDrive, on Infowars. I'm going to tell you what those 10 bad foods are,
tell you how to get those 10 bad foods, and tell you how you can get access to
a cutting-edge, science-based, clinically verified medical nutrition therapeutics
that will change your life. Stick around. I'm Dr. Peter Glidden. Don't
even think about touching that dial.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day.
If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better. You know gas and
food prices are skyrocketing. Now is the time to get prepared. For years, we've
told you about our friends at e Foods Direct. They have the best tasting,
long-term, storable food on the planet. This food will taste just as great 25
years from now as it does tonight. A long-term food supply allows you to
freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most. Be prepared
and get your supply from e Foods Direct. Right now is the best time to stock up
and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give
yourself peace of mind and be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633
or visit efoodsdirect.com slash Alex. Get free shipping on all orders for a
limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go to efoodsdirect.com slash Alex.
You can bet your life on e Foods Direct. What's safer and cheaper than
prescription drugs? Glad you asked. The answer is renovation teas. Herbal
remedies are much safer and much cheaper than prescription drugs. Taste great and
most importantly herbal teas are effective and non addictive. Renovation
tea is especially unique and here's why. We spent years researching herbs and
their beneficial properties. Renovation teas uses only a hundred percent organic
fair trade herbs. Our teas are blended towards specific ailments and health
conditions such as diabetes, blood pressure, anxiety, libido, detox and much
more. All renovation teas are formulated and hand-filled in Arkansas. Take care of
yourself naturally, the way Mother Nature intended. Order renovation teas at
renovationtea.com or call 870-784-3121. That's 870-784-3121.
Renovation teas. Renovate your health one bag at a time.
Hi this is Peter Kranchnubbel from Midas Resources. As you know the federal
government spending is at an all-time high and inflation will be a direct
result of the spending policy. European government and central bank spending
policies have put the European Union on the brink of collapse. What are you doing
right now to protect yourself financially? Are your assets working for
you or against you? One thing is certain having physical possession of gold and
silver will guarantee that no matter what happens to our economy or the dollar
your investment will never be worthless. It will protect you from that hidden tax
inflation. If you've been thinking about investing physical possession of
precious metals or having an IRA in precious metals I can help. Call me today
Peter Kranchnubbel at 800-686-2237 extension 108 and I'll take the time to
personally put together a portfolio designed to protect what you've worked
so hard for. Call 800-686-2237 extension 108. You've worked hard your whole life
and I want to work hard for you. Call Peter at 800-686-2237 extension 108.
You could accept the fact that this city is headed for a disaster of biblical
proportions. What do you mean biblical? What he means is Old Testament, Mr. Mayor.
Real wrath of God type stuff. Fire and brimstone coming down from the skies.
Rivers and seas boiling. Forty years of darkness, earthquakes, volcanoes. The dead rising from the
grave. Human sacrifice. Dogs and cats living together. Mass hysteria. I have
sworn upon the altar of God eternal hostility against every form of tyranny
over the mind of man. Thomas Jefferson live from Austin Texas broadcasting
worldwide. It's Alex Jones.
Welcome back everybody. Dr. Peter Glidden happy to be standing in for Alex Jones
here on InfoWars. Check it out. InfoWarsHealth.com. That's where you want
to go. InfoWarsHealth.com. 888-789-9277. That's 888-789-9277. Now look we're
politically active here. So if you're frustrated I mean if you're really if
you just had enough and you need to do something you need to channel that
energy somewhere for goodness sake go to my website FireYourMDNow.com.
FireYourMDNow.com. Click on the link on the front page for Clinton Miller and
download the form we have that we have a form letter that I want you to download
and sign. Send to Clinton Miller and then we're gonna it's a we're on a campaign
here to make it possible for vitamin companies and physicians holistic
physicians to have testimonials legally to be able to express to the public the
wonderful healing powers of science-based clinically verified medical
nutritionist. It's against the law right now you can't do it. We're introducing a
bill into the United States government to change that it's there on my website
click on it click on the Clinton Miller link on the front of my website
FireYourMDNow.com. Now one more thing you can do on that website sign up for my
free monthly newsletter when you sign up for the free monthly newsletter you will
gain access to my list of good food bad food this is the deal there are 10 foods
that I want you to stop eating and here's the list right now don't have to
worry about writing it down because you can just download it on my website by
signing up for my free newsletter at FireYourMDNow.com. Here they are the
10 bad foods wheat barley rye and oats that's right oatmeal whole wheat who
knew Betty Crocker was not a doctor oil in a bottle olive oil fried food well
done red meat you got to eat meat have it rare or medium rare as much as you
want avoid meat that has nitrates added as preservatives to it no more nitrates
in your meat eat as much bacon as you want just make sure it's nitrate free
bacon no more carbonated beverages with a meal and no more skins of baked
potatoes yams or sweet potatoes you want to know why those foods are bad go to
amazon.com and download my book click that's nine bucks nine dollars and ninety
nine cents who made the MD King the MD Emperor has no clothes the MD Emperor
has no clothes ladies and gentlemen as Benjamin Franklin said we must all hang
together or most assuredly we will hang alone you don't know what you don't know
and when it comes to your health the stuff that you didn't know you didn't
know will heal you or kill you get on board with the Alex pack it will make a
specific and measurable noticeable change in your life in your health
within the first four weeks eliminate the 10 bad foods take one Alex pack for
100 pounds of body weight per month god bless you and damn the torpedoes I'm
dr. Peter Glidden check out my website fire your MD now calm better yet go to
infowarshealth.com I will see you next time
you
