Mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Ladies and gentlemen, we have another incredibly important jam-packed worldwide broadcast for you.
Coming up today on this Wednesday, the 27th day of March 2013 worldwide broadcast.
The news websites are infowars.com, and of course, we're also streaming video at prisonplanet.tv.
And again, we are going to be taking your phone calls today.
Professor Griff, one of the founders of Public Enemy, was on with us a few weeks ago,
and he promised to come back just to take phone calls for an hour on hip-hop, rap, and government media control
and not just it, but rock and roll and other systems that are used to dominate and steer culture.
Now, we are also going to be talking to Steve Pacinek today, if we can get him on.
Rob Doo ran in here during a break yesterday and said,
have you seen all the mainstream news articles where more and more Navy SEALs are coming out
and saying the official story of the bin Laden raid is not true?
And I already know the whole thing's a fable, and I've talked to Navy SEALs that have told me it's a fable
and that they believe that much of SEAL Team 6 was killed in that, quote, helicopter explosion months later to cover that up.
And that they don't know the details, they just know it's highly classified and the official story isn't true.
That's the SEAL source I have that was not in SEAL Team 6 but is a current SEAL.
And I'll just be honest with you, when I get this type of information,
I have a moral responsibility to give it to you, but I don't even like covering things like this
because this type of stuff is what could bring them down.
You see, they can just put out an official story and they get everybody to accept it.
And more and more, though, the public is not buying into that, so the power structure is losing their control.
But here's the Huffington Post reporting it.
From a bin Laden death, new details from third SEAL Team 6 member questions previous account, CNN's Peter Bergen reports.
And the whole thing's fake, the whole thing's a lie.
So we can't get pachinik on today because I just told my producer to try to get him
because he subsequently sent me an email with a breakdown that I've got here in the stack
where he said the whole thing is unraveling and that's why they've been kicking so many people out of the top Pentagon positions
because they just realized that completely out of control nuts are running things.
And the same thing went on, of course, with Hitler.
His general staff the last few years were really going, this guy's going to destroy Germany
and he's doing things that will bring the country down.
And they were evil, corrupt, authoritarian Nazis.
They just weren't self-destructive.
And people get on power trips.
It isn't just the high and mighty, it happens with media people, you name it.
The culture has become narcissistic and really delusional.
Not the entire culture, but larger and larger portions of the culture have done that.
And it's a time of insanity.
I mean the establishment has the tools of control and they're in control to a great extent, but not in control of themselves, you see.
They're trying to get full control globally with global governance, but they haven't gotten there yet.
There's a bunch of news we'll cover when we come back from break.
And then I really do, I really do want to open both phone systems so that we can take a lot of phone calls this hour.
I'm going to give the number out when we come back for any news item, any issue you wish to discuss.
The fallout of the attack on Charlton Heston, which again you're like, what's the big deal with the attack on Charlton Heston?
It just shows the duplicity and the corruption and the venom they have.
They worship the state being armed, they want to be armed, they have bodyguards, the ruling class, the Hollywood people.
But then we can't be.
I mean it's just a breaking point for me that these people are the unmitigated scum of the earth and are enemies of free people everywhere.
They are our enemies. They are our enemies. They've already declared war on us.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our immunity and health.
At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection of silver-based products.
Our most popular silver-based products are the 32-ounce nano silver solutions, our 2-ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well as our all-natural silver soaps.
Just released is our 100% natural silver gel.
Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface.
But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more effectively.
Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver-based products are best for you.
That's www.silverlungs.com.
Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go.
No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid.
Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new Aquamedics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one filter element.
It is the only one that does it, and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code WATER.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro Pure with the new Pro One filters today at infallwarstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it the number one choice of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com.
Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
Hi, I'm Janet Napolitano, Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security.
Homeland Security begins with hometown security.
It seems apparent that our citizens are staying off the streets, which may make scarring particularly difficult, even with this year's rule changes.
To recap those revisions, women are still worth 10 points more than men in all age brackets,
but teenagers now rack up 40 points and toddlers under 12 now rate a big 70 points.
The big score, anyone, any sex over 75 years old has been upped to 100 points.
As always, how fast you move determines how long you've lived.
Resistance to tyrants is obedience to God. It's Alex Jones.
It is Wednesday, the 27th day of March 2013.
And we were playing a little intro there that Jon Baum put together from Death Race 2000, a classic discopi film.
And now we pretty much are Death Race 2000.
Paul Watson is set to publish a report very, very soon.
In fact, it just went up minutes ago.
I just hit refresh on infowars.com.
It's also on prisonplanet.com. Robo reporters to replace mainstream journalists.
And while I was in between jogging on the hike and bike trail, I worked on it a bit with him this morning.
And so we'll see if he added my points into it.
He also shot a video report that goes along with it.
And this is the big enchilada, as they say.
You see, the AI computers, they are somewhat artificially intelligent.
And by artificially intelligent, it can fool you that it's a human.
Already they have, let's be conservative, tens of thousands of companies.
I know because I've gone out and tried to hire reporters and researchers.
And most of the time they work at what you call a link farm.
And they've got degrees in journalism, you name it.
But the only jobs now, people that formerly worked at newspapers, with all the downsizing,
is they go and take keywords and just rewrite regurgitated articles in some cases that don't even make sense.
And a couple of years ago we discovered stories that were out there that clearly had been written by a robot.
But now they're getting good enough where they're just going to have government press releases that are then rewritten
so they're, quote, original and have the local name put on it.
And, of course, the humans will be removed there.
And that's why they've told the White House press corps, they even told Politico this,
if you don't totally toe the line, if you ever make one snide comment about the White House,
you will never be in the press conference, you will never be given the press release.
Because it's all who gets the press release and the access.
And now they're saying, they said this a month ago,
they may go to a virtual president where it's a hologram recording of him,
and then it'll be a full hologram composite where they just write the words, and it's not even a recording of Obama,
it's just a video simulation.
And by the way, this is the plan.
You see, the technology has been held back about 30 years, conservatively, of what we've been told there is.
Under global national security, under New World Order technocracy,
they've held science back in the public realm, the plane we're in, where things grow very slowly.
Anything we're given has Trojan horses built into it.
It's designed to track us, trace us, kill us, while it's microwaving us.
It's designed to also now feed us what, you know, Google feeds you what it wants you to see,
what it believes you want to see, to keep you in your own bubble.
And this is all admitted, this is all scientific programmed warfare they announced seven years ago,
they're using microphones on your computers to listen to you, now the video cameras to do it.
There's the wired news story, can an algorithm write a better news story than a human reporter?
And so, see, out of the gates, they're telling you that humans are going to relinquish control of our, quote, evolution,
as Ray Kurzweil calls it, and that the establishment will now dictate the end of humans,
and that's just the way it is, and that decision has been made.
You're not going to be allowed to go play volleyball by the beach when this all comes in,
you're going to be killed, and they've all said that, you're dead.
Kurzweil says you'll be like a bug, we'll just step on you, we won't even recognize you,
we are preparing to become God, I don't believe in God yet, I am going to become God,
I am going to invent God, I am going to cybernetically merge,
and you've got all these camp followers going, yes, we're going to live forever too,
we're going to be part of it like lemmings off a cliff, you are not meant to travel to the next level.
You go watch the Illuminati treatise, on record, by the inventor of the communications satellite,
and so much more, the OSS black op commander, the man who wrote 2001 Space Odyssey,
if you go look at the top technocrat black ops commander,
and what he told you, by the third 2001 book, you all take microchips and worship Lucifer.
That's the plan.
And simultaneous brain connection to everyone else, just like, you know,
gray aliens in the Hollywood movies, communicating with each other with computer assisted telepathy.
The whole gray thing is a template program to condition you to accept that that's what we're going to look like in the future,
and the grays are humans from the future.
That is not really real, as far as I understand it from the highest level Illuminati information.
And I'm laying down some hardcore info on you here today, because this is the plan.
I don't know if they're going to achieve this.
It doesn't mean I believe this.
I'm reporting as a sociologist, as an anthropologist, as a psychologist, as a historian,
as a red blooded American and a Texan who studied enemy operations,
the enemy mindset, what they believe in, what they stand for, what their plan is.
Just got chills.
Okay, I as a organic expression of humanity,
which they even predicted in their own publications that we would arrive, and they're ready for us.
They call us gallant and beautiful people who will have to be exterminated.
They say it's painful what they have to do, but it's for a greater good after we're all gone.
That's H.G. Wells I just quoted in his book, The New World Order.
I can quote Arthur Schlesinger.
I could just start quoting all these guys for you.
I mean, if you'd like, I've read hundreds of their books, hundreds.
And this is the reality of what we face.
And if you buy into the matrix narcissism, the scientifically crafted weaponized media,
they're aiming at you with the iPads and the iPods and all of it.
And I'm not judging you if you have them.
I have them too, but I know what they are.
I see my children.
I was up at four thirty this morning.
And I laid the iPad down at about five and I watched my son come into the room, 10 years old,
the image of goodness.
Comes into the room in his pajamas, he's looking around.
I've got my night vision, you know, I've been sitting there in the dark for hours or an hour,
and I see him go across the room with the moonlight coming through the window and he's looking for an iPad.
He's looking for something. He's addicted to it.
I know all this and I have hope for education and the rest of it.
Let them into the matrix.
Look, I know I'm trapped, too. My foot's in the in the bear trap.
Five a.m., my son.
Sneaking into the room.
Seem come up a little stairs, come in, turn, look at us.
I'm laying there looking right at him. He walks over and starts looking for a computer.
Of course, the computer's laying right here beside me.
I said, go back to bed.
God help us.
God help us. He went to bed at ten thirty last night.
Education, sports, reading, painting, computer all day, stayed up late,
should have been sleeping till seven this morning, sneaking around at five a.m.
Wanting to stare into that crystal ball, wanting to stare into the eye of Sauron.
What it is, a interface with a giant global network.
I've got all the news. I'm going to take your calls. Professor Griff's coming up.
I just want humanity to survive.
I just want to be a decent person and wickedness and an apathy and corruption and narcissism and mental illness.
They're reporting it everywhere. Just craziness is intensifying everywhere.
Either you're going to become more enlightened and closer to God.
Or you're going to become closer to the world in the flesh.
And there is a great. Separation of the wheat from the chaff right now, the the you know, the gold from the pewter.
We're we're beginning to go into the fire. This is only the beginning.
And they are going to now get to this report after I take some calls and because I really want to break this down.
The decision you have, are we going to try to self-direct our destiny?
Are we going to let really dangerous, inbred people?
Who Hitler was just a spinoff of.
A race specific spinoff, so they didn't like him.
Are we going to let the Illuminati really do this?
Because this is happening right now, we're losing our soul.
We are being scientifically destroyed and they're just going to go, oh, computers write articles.
Oh, a virtual president. No one knows who writes to teleprompter.
You type it in and then a virtual hologram of Obama can be anywhere.
And we saw the president today at our school and they're just going to tell you that's real.
This is. This is.
The phasing out of reality, this is taking the false reality and teaching people that it is the reality.
And then those of us that try to live in the real reality outside the box, outside the lines.
We are going to be declared heretics.
We must.
Understand, I mean, I've tried to think of a symbol of a human.
Destroying a robot. Because humans won't get it if we don't make it that type of symbol.
But I mean, I've known I've known for 15 years.
My mission and I haven't even done it after I launch a larger news system is to create a human foundation for the preservation of humanity and try to organize a defense against this,
because people aren't going to listen till it stuff really starts falling in on itself.
But then the mind control is going to be so intense, people won't be able to pull themselves away from the screens that are the neural interfaces, the proto matrix sucking us in for the wirehead.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out simply safe. It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to get simply safe dot com. Simply safe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power. So even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed.
Get simply safe dot com. Simply safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes.
So there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but simply safe will stand guard, protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's get simply safe dot com March into big spring preparedness savings this month at be prepared dot com.
Going on now. Emergency essentials and be prepared dot com save you 28 percent off your favorite beef and chicken combo entrees.
Save 24 percent on number 10 cans of freeze dried raspberries or save 26 percent on our freeze dried strawberry slices with purchase of 12 or more.
Katadyn pocket micro water filters are 27 percent off. Try our fruit flavored hydro pack combo water filtering pouches in March by five 10 packs for a 50 percent discount.
Stock up on wheat with a year's supply of grains for 70 dollars off only at beef repaired dot com.
And this month, power up with a goal zero Sherpa 50 solar powered recharging kit at one hundred and ten dollars off MSRP.
And we'll throw in a free 50 dollar emergency essentials gift card.
The March sale ends March 31st at be prepared dot com for contents and details.
Call emergency essentials at eight hundred nine nine nine eighteen sixty three or click be prepared dot com.
The choice is clear. Be unprepared or be prepared dot com.
Now there's an amazing new natural antibiotic every person must have.
It's cells alive silver solution and it destroys over 650 hard to kill viruses, fungus, bacteria and much more.
Cells alive silver solution has no expiration date, is great for emergency kits and storage shelters and comes in eight or 16 ounce bottles.
Order today at eight eight eight nine one zero four three six seven or visit hemp USA dot org hemp USA dot org.
One hundred percent chemical free superfoods and unique health products.
We the people grow cotton, wheat fabric, engraving embed strips and fibers to protect from counterfeit and carting to a private bank.
Having it led back at interest, forcing taxes to service debt. This capitalism or was Jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing the public currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than a standing army.
Hi, Ted Anderson. I'm placing a free silver dollar in a book that explains our monetary system.
Call for your copy. Eight hundred six eight six two two three seven.
It's time to understand the system. Call eight hundred six eight six two two three seven.
That's eight hundred six eight six two two three seven.
American gardeners and fellow patriots make the right choice with your money, time and your family food supply.
Choose one hundred percent pure heirloom seeds in the survival seed vault from my patriotsupply.com.
Why spend more? The survival seed vault from my patriotsupply.com is only thirty seven ninety five.
It includes 20 varieties of pure, hardy, easy to grow heirloom seeds.
Yes, only thirty seven ninety five. That's 70 percent less than our competitors.
You could buy three survival seed vaults for less than one of theirs.
The survival seed vault from my patriotsupply.com includes detailed planting and seed saving instructions and ships same day.
Plus, all orders over forty nine dollars ship free. My patriotsupply.com is American owned by patriots like you.
Passionate about freedom and preparedness. Call now eight six six two two nine zero nine two seven.
That's eight six six two two nine zero nine two seven.
Or discover more emergency preparedness items when you order at my patriotsupply.com.
Choose the original. Choose the survival seed vault at my patriotsupply.com.
You got to think about something bigger than yourself.
Monday through Friday, 11 a.m. to 2 p.m., we're here live. No one noticed.
We're letting a bunch of crazy people steer our future.
Are we just going to go quietly? Are we going to let the worst of us dictate our future because they have a craving for the power?
Or will those of us that crave liberty and justice and uplifting humanity?
Will we stand against a technocratic tyrants who are on the ultimate power trip?
Will we do that? And if we lead by example, we can turn the tide. I've got off the charts financial news.
I'll get to shipper at panic as rumors swirl of more bank closures.
Now they want more. I mean, if they take 40 percent of your bank account, you put up with it, why not take more?
And it goes to foreign banks. It's not even their debt. Sweden affirms swine flu vaccine narcolepsy link.
I know so many people have narcolepsy now and can't drive. And I ask them, did you take the flu shot?
The H1N1 and they go, yeah, I just can't believe it's that.
OK, I know people that can't feel their hands and feet four years later.
I know two talk show hosts in Austin got Guillain-Barre from the vaccine and were told that by their doctors.
And by the grace of God, their feeling came back months later. And I mean, it's an absolute fact.
It didn't protect you from H1N1. And it's an absolute fact. It gives you double the chances of getting the regular flu.
Major government Canadian study. I mean, the inserts say it can kill you and do not give it to pregnant women.
And then I've read to you on air every time the school year starts, they say it's a conspiracy theory.
There are no side effects from that article I read back in August when school started.
Last year. They do it every year, and I was reading Fort Worth Star Telegram and other just Texas papers where it said,
contrary to conspiracies, there are no side effects except maybe a sore shoulder.
And I had the CDC's own inserts right there, you know, gaff narcolepsy.
I mean, man, I mean, what is hard about waking up to this thing?
They are consciously killing us with this stuff.
And people are like, well, that's just too far to go. You know, I'm just not going to say that on my talk show.
I've had so many talk shows say, Alex, you're right about all this.
But, you know, I'll just sound crazy if I go and if I go and do that.
Piers Morgan went and got a flu shot and then couldn't do a show for like a week.
He got so sick and he said it had to be that.
I love this. This is literally the biggest deal I could find.
There are no larger. Please give me a muscle.
OK, that's it.
The biggest muscle you've seen for a while.
That's it. That's it. One, two, three.
Oh, please. Oh, that a bleeding shot.
No, no blood even, please.
There you go. And then he was so sick that he talked about, you know, feeling like he was going to die.
And he said, I think it was the flu shot. See, his humanity came out.
Even a dark operator like him, a mercenary.
We're going to go to break and come back and take your calls and I'm going to take them.
It's just I really have sorrow for what we're going to go through.
And the denial that people think is protecting them, if you just deny it, is what is allowing this.
It is what is going to bring all this to fruition.
And I just want to thank God for all the blessings and for holding back evil as long as the creator has.
And this is not a religious show. I am a Christian.
And it's just as things get worse and worse and get darker and get more serious.
And as I just see the evil spreading, I know you see it as well.
The craziness spreading. This is this is just the beginning.
I just get closer to God and I'm just honest about that with you.
And I wish that most of these churches would organize against evil, but they're federal 501 C three creatures now.
And they all say, do what the system says.
They all lie and twist Romans 13.
And. And I got a stack of news for all over the Middle East, they are beheading, burning, torturing and killing Christians on video.
And I can't even watch these videos, but I know today I will make myself watch them.
And I was against it when Muslims are being killed by Muslims with the stage deal in Libya and Syria and everywhere else.
The people running our government are.
Targeting Christians with all kind of all saying I have to give my rights up because TSA has got to stick their hand in my cookie jar and your cookie jar to find bin Laden in there when they run bin Laden.
I mean, it's just it's just crazy. They are trying to overthrow reality. They are at war with reality.
We're on the march. The Empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
If you're listening, you know, your basic freedoms are being threatened every day.
If you're listening, you know, the economy is not getting better.
You know, gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared for years. We've told you about our friends at E Foods Direct.
They have the best tasting, long term, storable food on the planet.
This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight.
A long term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from E Foods Direct.
Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies.
Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared.
Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com slash Alex. Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to efoodsdirect.com slash Alex.
You can bet your life on E Foods Direct.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed.
Getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes.
So there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
Introducing Pro1.
All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go.
No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid.
Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new Aquamedics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one filter element.
It is the only one that does it and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines, ammonia, and chlorine.
Hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro Pure with the new Pro1 filters today at infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
KML in Los Angeles. Clone Radio. We play the songs that sound more like everyone else than anyone else. Clone.
Hitler took the guns, Stalin took the guns, Mao took the guns, Fidel Castro took the guns, Hugo Chavez took the guns.
1776 will commence again if you try to take our firearms.
The Republic will rise again when you attempt to take our guns.
I am sworn upon the altar of God, eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man.
The answer to 1984 is 1776. You're listening to the Alex Jones Show.
Don't ever take a flu shot again. I watched that night with Dr. Oz, and in deference to Dr. Oz, I think he's, you know, probably, he seems like a completely competent doctor.
But, and I don't understand any of the, you know, the kind of biological aspects of the, you know, of the meds.
But we're both doing the maths, aren't we? We both saw him put that thing in my arm, and within ten days, I'm mistrutting down.
And I just, you know what, I don't want to tell anybody out there, I'm not a medical advisor, get your vaccines if you, I don't believe in them.
I'm just suspicious by nature, and I saw you get it, and here we are.
We'll try and plow on with the interview, notwithstanding the fact I can't speak.
By the way, I'm going to work on getting Dwight Yoakam on the show, and if God wants it to happen, it will. Have we gone after him yet?
Yeah, no, I want you to try to get him on. It just so happens, my wife's been invited to be backstage when he's in town this weekend, so I'm going to have her ask him on the show.
But the point is, you haven't even gone after him yet? I'm not complaining, can we just get him on? Not because he's a celebrity, but he's a smart guy.
She said, 1776, I don't trust the government, why do they have all the guns? I mean, I want to get him on, I like him.
He's a Kentucky boy, I know. Shane Steiner knows him. Seems like Shane Steiner knows everybody.
He was hanging out with one of the Green Day guys this weekend. I ought to get him to get them on the show.
We've got to wake everybody up. Okay, ladies and gentlemen, the point is, liberty is popular, and it is rising, and we don't have to give in to this total takeover.
The reason the tyrants want to make us a bunch of robots is because then they can dominate and have full control and control the future.
You know, the Romans, if you resisted them, they would just kill everybody. They would say, come out, come out, give up, or we're going to kill everybody.
And even if you gave up, they usually killed all the men, down to about age five.
And so that's kind of what we're being told by the globalists, except they're just saying, hey, we're going to merge with computers and kill everybody, and humans are scum, and get ready to have your resources turned off.
We've got to get you really poor and under our control before we fully get rid of you.
And they write all these publications and white papers, I made the film Endgame, it has an online bibliography, whatistheendgame.com, every minute of the film has a bibliography, it has a factoid proof, proves of this technotronic, technocracy conspiracy.
And here's the article, Canon Algorithm, Write a Better News Story Than a Human Being, and Paul Watson's article breaks it down up at infowars.com, we can punch that up for viewers.
It is robo reporters to replace mainstream journalists, establishment acts, now so glib and unquestioning they could be supplanted by computer programs.
Well, it's not that they could be, it's they are. You're not going to see the president anymore down the road, it's going to be a teleprompter, because they already write the stuff he says, and it's going to be a virtual reality, 3D model, projection, the movies are going to be like that too.
I know folks that have had the secret tours of the studios out in California, including not just what the media has been shown, but what James Cameron's really planning.
And that's the whole future, and they're just going to start rolling it out faster and faster and faster and faster.
And again, it's not going to be a hologram of where I stand somewhere and hologram something to you, it's going to be a composite where it looks like Alex Jones, sounds like Alex Jones, and where you just get used to, oh, well, that's the virtual president, or that's the virtual Alex Jones.
Robo reporters to replace mainstream journalists, we're going to get into that, we're going to get into all of it, but the Swedish government, yes, they got to be brought in line.
The British government has been forced, because they don't have total evil people working there. Not everybody's bad, everybody just goes along, you see, but I'm not going to go along.
And Billy Corrigan's not going to go along. And Dave Mustaine's not going to go along. And Matt Drudge isn't going to go along.
And Bellamy Amuse isn't going to go along. And none of us have to save the world, Ron Paul isn't going to go along, Rand Paul, Ted Cruz.
And people say, well, can you trust Ted Cruz? Well, his voting record's stellar right now, so we're going to make sure he stays true.
There's a few-vote difference on whether they're going to have national registration, basically, and ban all private sales of guns. That means passing them on to your friends and family.
And that registration, and not allowing transfer, is going to be a way to purge gun owners. We're a couple votes away from them getting that.
And as Dianne Feinstein has said, oh, there will be more events, and then she smiles, but without further ado, 800...
I think I'm the only talk show where I don't give the number out and the phones load up. 800-259-9231.
We're going to get into all of this today. Professor Griff is scheduled to be calling in, and we're going to be taking calls when he's on.
So you get to talk to one of the legendary founders of what you call modern hip-hop and rap, who's awake to the New World Order and an author.
So I want to get him back just to take your calls.
Don in Michigan on the Second Amendment. Thank you for calling in today. Sir, how may I serve you?
Yes, sir. Do you hear me?
Yes, I do.
Okay. If you could spare with me for a few minutes, I've been trying to get a hold of you for a long time. I have not heard of anybody, whether you, Glenn Beck, or anybody, nobody I know of so far has responded to an article of February 25th.
It's an article in either it's America or Catholic America magazine. They have an article on the 25th of February issue.
I actually have an article in there that I read that they are calling for the repeal of the Second Amendment. And I've heard nobody respond to the Vatican or Rome doing this or any other religion.
It is actually, I did see that. I saw some Catholic publication. I actually search engine it because I scanned through XM and they have like a Catholic channel on there and I just stopped and listened to it. They were talking about a Vatican release that you have the Second Amendment.
There it is repeal the Second Amendment, the National Catholic Review. And that's, isn't that the official Catholic?
It is. And also date over this, over the years, Rome hates the American constitution. And it's proven also by, if you ever can get a hold of it through maybe check publication is called 50 years in the church of Rome by the father, Jack Chan.
Guys, do me a favor, print me that article. Cause I actually did see that. And by the grace of God, I didn't. I'm going to say this, I'm going to say this right now.
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof. And then it goes on or freedom of the press or freedom to assemble with a redress of grievances.
The First Amendment, I'm going to put you on hold for a moment. I'm going to come back to you because I'm glad you called in, Don, but I want to speak on this here.
So let me explain what the real First Amendment is. It's a jurisdictional issue. Congress can make no law and states can make no law on the establishment and the practice of religion.
That's why, even though we find it distasteful, voodoo practitioners can chop the heads off goats and chickens. That's why the hoping Indians can take peyote buttons or buckeyes, by the way, is what they originally took.
That'll get you hallucinating right there. And the point is that they are able to do that, Supreme Court rulings, because Congress shall make no law respecting the establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.
You can go to any Native American church in the country on any weeknight weekend and they'll be in there with a church service and you can go take peyote. I'm not advertising for you to do that. You have that, it's a felony outside of that church service.
Okay? It's the same deal. I'll explain this to you again. Congress has no jurisdiction. Now, since the 50s, they created 501c3 to say, oh, your denomination orders you to now file if you're the Southern Baptist or the Baptist or the Episcopalians or the Methodists or the Catholics or whatever the case is.
This is ecumenicalism and it is outrageous. I saw five, six years ago, Catholic newsletters that listeners mailed us out of Illinois, Texas, you name it, saying, turn in your guns, it's of the Lord.
They're now pushing this in other churches as well, not just Roman Catholic. People always call it Catholic. Catholic just means Christian. Roman Catholic means the Church of Rome. Constantine's church, 300 years after Christ.
But the whole issue is I stay out of Catholic, Jew, Muslim. I'll talk about what sub-sex are doing, what groups are doing, but I try to stay out of all the infighting because the New World Order is running all of this. But yes, Thomas Jefferson said separation of church and state and then they misconstrued that, meaning the church has no place in the state and they say the state is everything.
Well, no, no, no. Separation of church and state means the church is not controlled by the state. So they've spun that to say churches can't be pro-Second Amendment or anti-abortion or can't support political candidates and the IRS comes after them because they've been tricked.
They're not a church. They are now a charity under 501c3 and signed a contract. I can create a 501c3 or four or five. You can create non-religious ones and then not pay taxes.
So that's what's going on, ladies and gentlemen. That's what Scientology is, all this stuff. It's just a tax-free deal.
And so I'm glad you raised this. What a heavy point that they tell churches you can't be pro-Second Amendment, but the Catholic Church can officially come out and say, get rid of the U.S. sovereignty, have totally open borders.
They've lobbied in, what is it, South Carolina now or is it North Carolina? You pulled me, here it is, North Carolina. Hundreds of illegal immigrants apply for driver's licenses in North Carolina.
Driver's licenses are now released for people that are committing felonies. And the point is, I can't go to Mexico and just be given that as illegal. I can't go get free health care, have a baby.
This is meant to totally get rid of the U.S. and they sell it like it helps, quote, Latinos when it's only designed to make us all poor like Mexico.
Because the globalists want that. That's what this whole plan is. It's why the illegals, they advertise in Mexico.
And of course, Rome wants that because mainly Mexico's Catholic. All I want to do is proselytize the message of liberty to everybody and get all these hardworking, smart immigrants to become liberty lovers.
That's the blueprint to win. If you just segregate yourself off and wait for the end of the world, they're going to get everybody. And the whole robot revolution's coming.
We all need to unite against the technocracy that says we're all dead. They're forcibly sterilizing people in Mexico. They're engaged in hellish activities.
And I stand with those people. And if you actually can communicate, you can wake them up. And I know my mission is just to tell the truth. But yes, you bring up this incredibly hardcore point, sir. And I'm going to give you the last minute or so here before I go to other callers.
I said I'd take a bunch of calls. They bring up such incredible topics and then look what happens. But speaking with you, this is outrageous. Well, let me just finish this point and I'm going to you.
The most outrageous point to all of this is they say churches have no free speech under the First Amendment when it's the opposite. They have total free speech.
But then with the Catholic Church, it's different because it is a foreign political group here in America now trying to exert political authority.
And when England does that or Israel or the Russians or the private fellow reserve that's a foreign power, it is a invasion. And I meant to cover this and thank God you covered it.
And this is the full push, folks. If they would go open with the Catholic Church calling for turning all our guns in, which I read the article. I meant to cover it.
They actually say that that this shows and they say repeal the Second Amendment, full frontal assault while they say we don't want your guns.
It isn't happening. You're a conspiracy theorist in the L.A. Times. This is the signal. And of course, you know, you can say what you want about Catholic people out protesting abortion, great people, whatever.
The Catholic Church today is promoting world government. It is promoting new world order. It is promoting planetary rule. It is promoting EU tyranny. It is promoting that all religions are the same, which is what is the point.
And so, yes, it's promoting one world religion. And go ahead and make your point.
OK, well, thank you for bearing with me. The only other thing I really have to say is that Rome, I'm not against the people. There's God-fearing people in every denomination. It's the leadership, like in anything else.
I want to be able to be able to, when we're done here, if you can give me one of your staff members can let me contact you with sending more information privately.
I also have evidence here, if you've ever heard of it, in 1897, there was a book put out by a retired general, Thomas M. Harris. He was on a tribunal that tried the Seirats and the rest of them that killed Lincoln.
And he gave his dissertation of what he found out during that tribunal back then, that Rome, through the Jesuits, was responsible for killing Lincoln.
And that just goes into more history of what you talk about. Hitler in Stalin, Mao Zedong killing people. But in history also, during the Dark Ages, conservatively, Rome martyred at least 150 million people.
I know that there were giant religious wars all over the place. And in France, they would tell people, turn your swords in to proto-Protestant groups, and they would kill everybody. That undoubtedly went on.
And again, I'm just trying to unify people against the eugenics, the Agenda 21. The globalists love balkanization. But yes, let's put the headline back up.
The official national newspaper for Catholics put out by the Vatican, the Vatican is saying, turn our guns in.
And I'm a heretic then, because I'm not doing what the Pope says. Well, I'm a Christian. And I'm not part of any of these nominations or any of it. And it's super creepy and it shows how late the hour is.
That's what I mean. I mean, we are in a lot of trouble. Can we put that headline back up by the official Catholic newspaper saying turn the...
There it is. And of course, I've said it's a good thing with the Catholic Church here in the US saying you can't make us pay for abortions and stuff. I don't even know what to say at this point.
It is so amazing. It's horrible. And I get mad at Israel, the Israel lobby. A lot of it right out of Israel is trying to get our guns too.
I mean, look, America is rich and powerful. We're the empire. And they don't want the American people armed. All these special interests want us disarmed.
Because, I mean, it's simple. I appreciate your call. I'm going to come back from break and go to Jason, Joe, Kyle, Mike and others before Professor Griff comes on the next two little segments that Adab joins us in the second segment of the next hour.
And, you know, it's my point. People say, well, are you for Assad because you're against the war there? No, no, I've never been to Syria. I'm not a Muslim.
But Assad was not attacking anybody. And the West is putting al Qaeda in, who's purging Christians, Jews and Muslim minorities, chopping their heads off.
It's horrible blowing up their churches. I'm against an offensive evil war. And they go, oh, you work for Assad, you work for Putin.
And it's the same thing. You know, like I say, well, they're trying to shut down the Koch brothers because they've got some of the only refineries and coal plants left that give us our power.
Of course, they're globalist. They've been part of the power structure. Or in fact, I'm going to do soon a big report on them. I've just got piles of it.
But the point is, it's like mafia. Why are they knocking out this smaller group? You see, it's like it's strategic.
It's like, why are they trying to shut down the Koch brothers? Let's call them the Koch brothers. Why are they why are they trying to overthrow Syria and Libya?
You know, why are they trying to start a war with Russia? What's the larger issue? What's behind that?
And the availability of the one thing you need most. Be prepared and get your supply from eFoods Direct.
Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies.
Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
Is this the year you finally get serious about your family's drinking water? If so, keep listening for a special offer from Big Berkey Water Filters.
Did you know that over 60% of municipal water is fluoridated?
Berkey water filters distinguish themselves from many other filtration systems with the capability to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine, fluoride, arsenic and disinfection byproducts from municipal water via the black Berkey and PF line of filters.
Then there's affordability at only one point seven cents per gallon.
Berkey water filters purify treated and untreated water, even stagnant pond water.
Stop and think how much money you could save by simply reducing buying bottled water and using water filtered by your Berkey water filter.
No need to be constantly replacing expensive filters with a Berkey. A single set of filters can last for five to ten years.
Choose the best size Berkey for your needs at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
And right now, all GCN listeners get 5% off all ceramic filter systems.
Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY. That's 877-99-BER-KEY or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
Free shipping on every order over $50.
Big Berkey Water Filters, for the love of clean water.
Gardeners, here comes another growing season, but don't use last year's soil.
Maximize yields in your survival garden with EM1 from Tereganics.
EM1 is an organic soil conditioner, fertilizer amendment and compost accelerant that provides a broad spectrum of beneficial microorganisms, enzymes, trace minerals, vitamins and various organic acids.
EM1 helps regulate the soil's pH level and its soil microbes, improving moisture retention and drought tolerance.
Remember last year's dry conditions?
EM1 from Tereganics is safe, chemical free and certified for use on all organic farms.
It improves plant quality, size, color, flavor and gives up to 20% more nutrient value in fruits and vegetables and greatly increases shelf life.
And EM1 is so simple to use, just mix with water and apply.
This year, prepare your crisis garden for maximum yields with EM1 from Tereganics.com.
Order now at T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X.com or call toll free 866-369-3678. That's 866-369-3678.
Tereganics. Life's getting better.
Yeah, just to show how widespread this takeover is, Franklin Graham, Billy Graham's son, one of the biggest Protestant leaders in this country, on his Facebook is calling for registration and banning of semi-autos and a bunch of other stuff.
He was just showing me back there on Facebook. It's just the enemy is moving on every front, ladies and gentlemen, and the new pope's calling for carbon taxes and global greenhouse garbage and Al Gore stuff.
I mean, why doesn't the Vatican just elect Al Gore to be the pope? I mean, Tony Blair, he's Catholic now, make him the pope. I mean, I just, you know, it's just unbelievable.
And then I try to be nice to everybody here, but I mean, Catholics really should do something about that and Protestants should do something about Franklin Graham.
I mean, man, let me tell you, they should never get another red cent from you. Man, that's incredible.
That is so incredible. But everybody's selling out to the beast, ladies and gentlemen. Jason from Georgia, you're on the air. Thanks for holding, sir.
Hey, Alex. Hey, buddy.
Hey, great news. I'm moving to Texas. I can't wait to get there. Have you heard of the local community radio act that just passed?
Refresh my memory. The government is opening up a window for nonprofits to sign up and get a license to run low power.
Didn't they say that 10 years ago? Well, well, it's opening up in October. Another thing.
Well, here's the deal. They've got all this extra digital spectrum. You can put 10 radio stations on one feed now. That's the real future.
And with that, but the problem is they're just giving it all to like NPR people. So the answer is everybody who is a patriot or who's got a little bit of money should go try to get those licenses.
And yes, you can get them and run a thousand watts, 100 watts, something like that. And and and have a real local community station that fights for liberty.
Go ahead. Check out Prometheus radio dot org. They've run in a national campaign to get everybody license. Let me say this about Piers Morgan.
The the trigger that's going to wake up these unsophisticated yahoos down here in Georgia is when they come get the guns and then it's going to be on.
And what you told him, it was the best thing that he needed to hear. And let me finish up with a quote from Shakespeare that you partially quote all the time.
There is a tide in the affairs of men which taken at the flood leaves on to fortune omitted all the voyage of their life is bound in shallows and in miseries on such a full sea are we now afloat and we must take the current when it serves or lose our ventures.
Patriots have got to unite and wake up.
Now, that's right. People have been convinced that that the New World Order is just in control and that we don't have any power or destiny.
And people either feel powerless or they're on weird, narcissistic delusions.
I can look at people and go, that's a down to earth person. That's an insane person. That's a narcissist.
You can you can see it in people's eyes now. And the weird thing is more people are waking up than ever, but more people are getting deeper into mind control. And absolutely.
There is a tide in the affairs of men when taken at the flood leads on to fortune. That is from Julius Caesar, correct?
Let me say something to Frank and Graham. Yes, I'm a Southern Baptist born and raised down here. They worship Billy Graham like he was God. And I'm sick and tired of these fake, phony preachers that I have to listen to on Sunday who I can't worship at the feet of the New World Order.
Just withdraw from them. I mean, these are Babylon. They are the Pharisees. They are the Sadducees. They are the people that Christ whipped in the in the temple. OK.
I mean, these people these people are New World Order agents, period.
This is GCN, the Genesis Communications Radio Network.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal Ben Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are Earth friendly and safe.
See them on the Web at five star soap dot com or call 800 340 7091 for a free catalog by the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soap for all your cleaning needs.
This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the Web at five star soap dot com or call 800 340 7091 for a free catalog.
Waging war on corruption. Alex Jones on the GCN radio network.
Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover ups.
You want answers? Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network.
And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
By the way, if you just joined us, it's the Southern Baptist.
The head of the Southern Baptist Convention is calling for the end of the Second Amendment. The Vatican is calling for it. The official National Catholic paper, America, the National Catholic Review, says repeal the Second Amendment.
That's the headline. I mean, it is just it is on.
I mean, we are in trouble. I'm gonna get Chuck Baldwin on this week or next week to talk about this.
Pastor Chuck Baldwin, from a biblical perspective, man, we're in trouble.
Boy, Professor Griff just called in and I said, hey, we're going to finish up a few calls.
I don't want to false start you. Let's start in the next big segment and call right back. Professor Griff, founder of Public Enemy, going to be joining us to take your phone calls.
Really look forward to that and his research, which is just amazing.
Let's go to Joe in New Jersey. Joe, you're on the air. Go ahead.
Hey, buddy, I just wanted to call because it's clear that for some time it's been in the works.
I mean, they've infiltrated the food, the water, the crops, the air.
And I also want to point out that they've also co-opted the alternative media movement.
Now, I don't want to insult you because you are a very intelligent person, but it seems like this alternative media movement,
its goal is to target a specific audience in hopes that they can set off a cataclysmic event so that they could bring down the current system.
People need to understand. Yeah, I've heard that meme for years with really no, no, no evidence.
There's an incredibly diverse media. You are the media. You could go out and do whatever you want.
I know I'm good. I know what I serve. That's decency, honor, justice and the creator of God.
And I just want a good future. And I'm a guy with goodwill who loves people.
I'm also extremely aggressive and hate thugs. And, you know, people think being a good guy means you've got to be a wimp.
I'm not saying I'm tough, but I mean, I also act like an animal because, you know, I'm aggressive.
But I mean, it's all about this group's bad that or what are we going to do? Then you go do it, man.
You go do a YouTube or a thing. And I mean, you know, and I'm not knocking what you're saying.
There are provocateurs, there are in fighters. There's all that stuff. I just move forward.
I mean, you know, I'm like the big top dog. So everybody makes stuff up about me because that makes them better than me.
That makes them holier than now.
Every neurotic loser thinks that if they knock off the guy above them, it makes them makes them king.
I'm not trying to be king of something here. I'm trying to really have a future here, brother.
And your voice sounds like you really care. But I mean, of course, of course, of course, there's a full spectrum of stuff out there.
But I'm calling to wake people up in the info war.
I don't know what show you're talking about, but also to be offensively prepared to defensively protect ourselves.
And so that's what I'm talking about here. I mean, people always say, well, this is a problem. Well, that's a problem.
I'm about getting stuff done. And I notice a lot of people can't even make a simple decision nowadays about anything.
It's just it's it's like. But I mean, what specifically what can I do?
If you're talking to millions of people, what can I do for you?
Well, the reason why is because there was a psychological program made in 1980 called Mind Wars.
And I talked to you on air about it before and you admitted to using propaganda.
And it confused me because you said you used bright white propaganda and not black or gray propaganda.
I have it recorded. It was from a month ago or so. I think I said that yesterday again, too.
I observed propaganda just means information that promotes your point of view.
And then you don't even know that you think propaganda inherently propaganda.
Look, I'm a bad person. OK, I'm sorry. Thank you for clearing it up. We now know I'm I'm bad.
And so you're going to save us. I mean, that's all I can say. And I appreciate your call.
Oh, man, I just it's unbelievable. Look, people cannot imagine defeating the New World Order.
So if they can put a chink in Alex Jones, that's a pretty big victory.
So I'm bad. Let's just say I'm the worst guy in the world. Now, what are you going to do to fight evil?
How are you going to try to get the GMO out of our food? How are you going to warn people about the vaccines?
How are you going to warn people about the globalist trying to overthrow all these Muslim countries and put extremists in?
I'm trying to like say, hey, wrong stuff's happening. Let's do something about it.
The government shipping the drugs in. Here's the proof. All that is, is solutions to stop the evil.
OK. And then I say I use white propaganda. Propaganda just means information that promotes your view.
My view is liberty and truth. And the word propaganda is not inherently bad.
But you don't understand that. So I can't help you. We'll be right back.
A little over a year ago, I began to do a lot of research into why, even if I had a pretty good sized meal, that I was still starving.
And my research led me to a well-known fact that most of the soils that we grow our crops on here in the United States
and across the industrialized world are almost completely depleted of almost all of the key minerals
and trace elements that our bodies need to rebuild themselves, fight off cancer and be healthy.
I then searched out the best vitamin and mineral company out there and discovered Young Jevity.
The Young Jevity products are designed to give you the real nutrition you need.
And once you've got that, you don't have to eat as much to be satisfied.
I've lost 37 pounds in two months simply getting the vitamins and minerals I need.
Check it out for yourself. It's incredible.
Go to InfowarsTeam.com today and order your first canister of Beyond Tangy Tangerine Complete Multivitamin Mineral Complex Dietary Supplement.
That's InfowarsTeam.com.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial law
have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold and weapons.
But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus
and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life,
making it the number one choice of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to SupernaturalSilver.com.
Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
You may be arrested and or subject to other police action.
Tyranny is here. The grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality.
It really says that the state is God.
The United States is now recognized globally as one of the most impressive police states on Earth.
This film conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps now being expanded nationwide.
This documentary exposes how the continuity of government program has established an all-powerful shadow state.
Police state four chronicles the sickening depths to which our republic has fallen.
Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship, body scammers, sound cannons, citizen spies,
stage terror and cameras on every street corner.
It's only the beginning of the New World Order's hellish plan.
The police state isn't coming. It's here.
Secure your copy today at Infowars.com or see it online in the highest quality at PrisonPlanet.tv.
Yet our best trained, best educated, best equipped, best prepared troops refused to fight.
Matter of fact, it's safe to say that they would rather switch than fight.
The Alex Jones Show. Because there is a war on for your mind.
Fight the power.
The question is, what is the power?
You've got to discover what controls the system to really get through all the layers
if you're going to try to build a better civilization and a future for humanity.
Because we know the establishment that's taken control certainly does not even see humanity in their future.
And coming up later in the hour, I'll talk about the technocracy with Professor Griff,
one of the founding members of one of the most legendary and still popular,
one of the most popular hip hop slash rap groups out there, Public Enemy.
Pgriff.info, P and then Griff, or ProfessorGriff.info.
And he's going to be with us for the hour today to take phone calls.
And I want to give the number out if you specifically have a question.
It can be all over the map. That's what I love about the wildcard aspect of this.
We don't screen your calls. In fact, that's why people call in on whatever issue they want.
But when I do say it's for a guest, it's for the guest.
Address your question to him.
800-259-9231. 800-259-9231 today.
And he joins us. Of course, many of you also know him, even if you're not a commissure
of some of the better hip hop and rap out there, like I've been growing up in Dallas, Texas.
Then you know him from the Obama deception that we were producing before Obama even got into office.
And he says, you know, just because you get a black president, people think everything's going to be all right.
Well, no, it's not going to be all right.
Just like a lot of conservatives think you get Bush in, he's going to save you and he runs over you.
Because it's not about that. It's about total control. They're now coming out.
We're going to talk about this with computers that are going to write the news articles and fully replace humans.
Pre-programmed with an official story that then they write in different variations.
That's why the press corps won't even be needed. A virtual president. All of it.
So now it won't be a president reading off a globalist written teleprompter.
It will be a virtual computer program of the president.
Where the president won't have to travel.
See, the new carbon tax will be the global prison where you can't travel anywhere.
You have to get authorizations to travel.
This is a nightmare. A nightmare. They want us all fighting with each other over race, religion, all this stuff.
When they get people fighting over that, it becomes real.
Even if you don't want to hate somebody, they hate you because of your religion or your race or what you look like or where you came from.
So how do you transcend that? How do you get past the divide and conquer?
Because if we don't do that, we're dead.
It's the eugenics program, the extermination program.
Professor Griff, out of the gates, what do you want to talk about first today before we go to these phone calls?
What is front and center in your mind and your deep research and all the books you've got coming out that are so popular that are available, I should add, at pgriff.info?
First, I want to say thank you for having me on once again.
As promised, we're back.
We're back once again for the second time and I want to thank you for listening since the last time.
For the support, I received some things in the mail from some people, some further information to deal with things.
So once again, thanks for having me.
But the thing that's on my mind, I received some information about a gentleman in so-called hip-hop or rap.
Now this particular gentleman, he murdered someone simply because he thought this person that he murdered was his friend.
And he thought if he murdered his friend, that it would kind of appease the quote-unquote Illuminati and he would be accepted in the Illuminati because he thought that this person would be his human sacrifice.
Now this disturbed me, so I said to myself, what is it that I'm not saying to make this very, very clear about the Illuminati being 13 bloodline?
So I went back into the book and I said to myself, maybe I need to talk to Alex about the 21 goals of the Illuminati as mentioned in Dr. John Coleman's book, The Committee on 300.
And by the way, he laid out their whole plan. He was in MI6.
I think he's even still alive, but he's hard to get on. He's been ill.
We need to get Dr. Coleman back on. Is he still alive?
Yes, he is.
Guys, get him on immediately. I keep forgetting.
He's really hard to get on. He hadn't been on in about five years.
But get him on immediately.
Yes, let's go over from an MI6 guy who 20 years ago laid out everything.
I mean, I've got to say, no one has, and there's so many great people like him that you just forget about because they're not out front and center.
Break down what he says their 21 goals are.
Number one, real quick, number one is to establish a one world government in the world order with a unified church and a monetary system.
Under the direction of this one world government, they began to set up a church back between the 20s and the 30s.
Now, this is something that they would control.
They would set up a church to body and channel these particular beliefs that they would come up with, and these are non-religious beliefs.
That's number one.
Number two, to bring about the utter destruction of all national identity and national pride and shine any time you would like, which was the primary consideration in the concept of the one world government.
The new world order was to work.
So these things go hand in hand to establish a unified church and a monetary system and to break down national identity.
This gives birth to this incredible bio-microchip that everyone on the planet walking, living, breathing have to accept the chip.
And now they openly say they want the troops, and troops are already getting them, by the way, the special forces.
All of this that was unbelievable 10 years ago is now in our face.
Please continue.
Exactly.
Number three, to engineer and bring about the destruction of religion and more especially the Christian religion with one exception, their own creation as mentioned above.
Number four, to establish the ability to control of each and every person through means of mind control and what Zbigniew Brzezinski called technotronics, I believe, which would create human-like robots and a system of terror,
which would make these things come about and be acceptable by the people via the mind control.
You walk through Newark Liberty Airport, you see robots talking to you, giving you directions.
And they're just conditioning you and getting you ready, exactly.
Exactly.
And so, speaking of Europe, making you, what's the word I want to use, more blind, so to speak, to get you to accept instructions and authority from robots.
Number five, to bring about the end of all industrialization and the production of nuclear generated electric power.
By the way, he wrote this more than 20 years ago in one of his first books.
And look, the post-industrial zero-growth society, see that? Keep going.
Yes, exactly. Now, basically, what they're doing is 20 years ago, it would almost think that, okay, these things didn't take place, what's the problem?
Well, you and I both know that the men that are operating behind the scenes call themselves men of towardness.
And they will pass this agenda down to the next generation if they don't succeed in their particular lifetime.
They never give up.
Well, exactly. They don't.
The agenda does not stop. If you and I go on vacation to catch a little spirit coming with, if they do this, the machine world keeps going.
They wanted to bring this into fruition through NAFTA and other organizations and other programs that they have already set in motion.
So if you look at the war on terror, when it talks about destroying the Taliban and other organizations that they helped create,
it says in this particular document that the U.S., in the wake of industrial destruction, will either become opium, heroin, or cocaine addicts.
This is what they are doing right now, unbeknownst to the troops that are fighting.
Now, I know the government is listening, so we don't want to get charged with tradition.
We're reading a document put out 20 years ago by Dr. John Coleman in the book The Story of the Committee of 300.
Number six, to encourage and eventually legalize the use of drugs and make pornography an art form.
My question is, does life imitate art, or does art imitate life?
If you're going to make pornography an art form and then make it an art form to room, your little babies, my little babies, how does that work?
It was like a nightmare. I was down in Galveston two weeks ago on a vacation.
The last day I was there, a convention of cheerleaders came, but it was little kids at a competition.
And there were like 10 year olds dressed like prostitutes everywhere.
And they were being rude to my daughters because they thought they were there for the competition.
And I mean, it was freaking me out. In fact, we even came home a day early.
I mean, people are training their daughters to be whores.
Wow. Number seven, to bring about the population of large cities according to the trial run carried out by Paul Potts,
Paul Potts regime in Cambodia.
And basically it says here, it's interesting to note that Paul Potts genocidal plans were drawn up in the U.S. by one of the club of Rome's research foundations and overseen by Thomas Indius.
Now this is very critical. A lot of these things are done right from the United States of America.
Number eight, to suppress all scientific development except for those deemed beneficial by the Illuminati.
So if that is true, then we can roll our minds back just a few years ago to them, not a few years ago, in and around the mid 80s when the electric car was given birth to.
And they sat on the electric car simply because the multinational corporations that control the oil and the gas did not want the electric car to hit the streets just yet.
So here we are, 2011, 12 and 13, just now from the electric car, you see, they killed the electric car.
Because maybe it gets 85 miles per gallon, and they didn't want that on the streets yet.
Absolutely. We've got to go get on car life.
There are millions of gas covering trucks and cars that are sitting there.
Professor Griff's our guest. Stay there, sir. We're going to come back, finish up with the goals, and then go to your phone calls with Professor Griff, one of the founders of Public Enemy, their Minister of Information, laying it out and reminding me about Dr. John Coleman.
Wow. Wow.
Hello, I'm Alex Jones. Myself, my family, the Infowars.com team want to relay to you and your families that we are intensifying our efforts against the globalist on every front.
Infowars.com is leading the fight against the technocrats, but we can't do that without your help.
By getting the films, bumper stickers and T-shirts at Infowars.com, you will wake up people in your area and support our operation as we move to the next level.
We need your help to spread the word like never before.
They wish to hide themselves during this tectonic battle between the forces of freedom and darkness.
You are the response to the globalist technocrats and their program of global eugenics dehumanization and ultimate extermination.
The war is here. It's an info war. The spirit of 1776 versus the mindset of 1984.
Hello, this is Ty Bollinger, author of the bestselling book Cancer Step Outside the Box.
I want you to know some very important information. In 1985, President Ronald Reagan requested that Carnivora be sent directly to the White House at a time when only the president could obtain this world-class healer.
Now, 27 years later, Carnivora capsules are used around the world to keep people healthy.
Now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in this age of superbugs with 17 naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal cells only without harming a single normal cell.
If you want to stay healthy, now's your chance to literally wake up your critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders that don't belong in your body.
Call 1-866-VenusFly or order from Carnivora.com. That's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A dot com.
That's 1-866-836-8735, 1-866-VenusFly or visit Carnivora.com.
Protect your immune system. It's the only one you've got.
Is there such a thing as gluten-free emergency kits?
Yes. And for celiacs, there is no other than Gluten-Free Emergency Kits dot com.
If you or a loved one has celiac disease, you need a gluten-free emergency kit to survive.
Our kits are natural, non-GMO, low sodium, low cholesterol, soy-free, contain no artificial colors or MSG, and carry the Celiac Spruce Seal of Approval.
Now get our March Grab and Go Bucket Special for only $29.99 at Gluten-Free Emergency Kits dot com.
Gluten-Free Emergency Kits dot com. Better foods, better living.
Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered why banks, stockbrokers, investment advisors won't talk about gold IRAs?
They've been available since 1986, yet the financial industry won't recognize the value of gold for your retirement.
Gold is outperformed paper investments, yet no word about IRAs.
If you would like to have gold for your retirement, call 800-686-2237.
Don't get left behind by rising inflation and low returns, call 800-686-2237.
Secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
Hey there, my name is Frank Bates. Do you know the number one most valuable item in a crisis?
Some people think the answer is gold, others think it's a gun, but the correct answer will shock you.
I just created a free video at Crisis123.com that reveals a surprising item that is more valuable than gold in a crisis.
Ninety-seven percent of Americans don't have this one critical item. In fact, they haven't even given it a thought.
And the sad truth is that you may not survive without it when a real crisis hits and a starving mob is right outside your door.
What I have to tell you could literally make the difference between life and death for you and your family.
Watch my video at Crisis123.com to discover the number one most valuable item in a crisis. You'll be shocked.
See the controversial video that thousands of other smart patriots have already seen in the last three months.
Go watch my video now at Crisis123.com before they force me to shut it down. Again, that's Crisis123.com.
Sucking the children's blood day and night.
Day by day. Professor Griff of PGriff.info, founder of Public Enemy, their minister of information, touring the country,
about to be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame here very, very soon.
And he joins us right now. I promise we'll get your calls in the next segment. He'll go with us a little bit in the next hour.
He's very gracious to do that. He's speaking to a university after that at, I guess, three. So he's got some time.
I haven't even asked him where he's at right now. Griff, where are you right now?
Right now I'm in Kansas City, Missouri. Missouri Western State University.
You're in Missouri. Awesome. There's a little bit of echo on your phone now. Do me a favor and try to talk right into the receiver.
OK. Is it better?
Yeah, it's a little muffled, but it's OK. Just just just keep rolling with this key knowledge from Dr. John Coleman.
This is real info that you're laying out. And I'd forgotten about it because it's 20 years old.
And it's all coming true. Keep going.
Number nine to cause by means of limited wars in the advanced countries, by means of starvation and disease in the third world country, the death of three billion, three billion people by the year 2050.
People they call useless eaters, as you and I talked about, useless black eaters and not useless white eaters. These are useless eaters, period.
Because they're not going to differentiate between you and I.
Alright, so useless eaters. The committee of 300 illuminati commissioned by Cyrus Vance to write a paper on this subject of how to bring about such genocide. The paper was produced under the title Global 2000 Report.
And this is very critical. Under the accepted and approved by the actions of the former president, James Earl Carter. This is very critical.
And we need to note here that Beto Brzezinski was involved. We'll talk about that a little bit later.
Number 10, to weaken the moral fiber of the nation and to demoralize workers in the labor class by creating mass unemployment.
And not only unemployment, but underemployment. To the point where you're not going to be qualified because of the advanced technology dealing with the robots.
You're not going to be qualified to get involved. You're going to be unemployable.
And snobs dwindle due to the post industrial zero growth policy introduced by the Club of Rome.
These are the Club of Rome, once again. These people plan to put this in effect and they've been doing it through institutions like Stanford Research and Tabitha Institute, as I mentioned in my lecture.
Moving down, skipping down to number 11, to keep people everywhere from deciding their own destiny by means of one created crisis after another.
And then management caused crisis. We talked last time about the Hegelian dialectic principle.
We talked about this system that was under this. This two party system, two wings of the same damn bird.
I call them the Republicans. The Republicans and the Democrats, all controlled by the same people.
And then they manage these particular crises. I believe it was David Rockefeller who said we're on the verge of a global transformation.
And we need, and all we need is the right major crisis and the nations will accept the New World Order. This is David Rockefeller.
You're right, the right catalyzing event and the nations will beg for the New World Order.
Exactly. So as the left carries the right and squeeze everybody in the middle and then we scream out for help and we scream to the government.
The government gives us the plan that they set in motion from the very out start. They control both sides.
This is why Ron Paul and other people that brought up issues were dangerous to this particular system unless they was paid and bought off and made promises that they never planned to keep.
So number 12, to introduce new cults and continue to boost those already functioning which include rock music, rock music gangsters they call them.
And then this is where Tabitha Institute comes into play because of what they set in motion with music and vibratory frequencies and tones and what they plan to do to demoralize young people's morals, to dehumanize young people with listening to music.
They even sent us some documents that they have laid out.
And by the way, he on record worked for British Intelligence on record, I mean it's on record and he was told this there, that's how he knew this when he wrote the Committee of 300.
It's got to be more than 20 years ago.
Yeah, exactly.
Wow, man, I've totally forgotten about Dr. Michael Kaufman, or Coleman. There's also Dr. Michael Kaufman who we've had on to expose us to 2021.
Dr. John Coleman, you can watch videos of him online. Just type in his name. We ought to do some excerpts on the nightly news.
Professor Griff, stay there, we'll finish up and go to the phone call straight ahead.
Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one filter element.
It is the only one that does it and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro Pure with the new Pro 1 filters today at Infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal Ben Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to GetSimplySafe.com
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed.
GetSimplySafe.com
SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes.
So there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com
You are listening to an Infowars.com Frontline Report.
If you are receiving this transmission, you are the resistance.
The technocrats admit that their final revolution attacks humans from all sides.
See, people are like, well, why does the government run Al-Qaeda, but Al-Qaeda is also killing us.
They just finance gangster leaders.
Brzezinski has written like three books just calling it gangsterism.
That's what Professor Griff had just gotten to, where it's criminals.
And the heads of Al-Qaeda are just criminals, not the guys they say they're killing.
Most of the time, they're not even really killing them in drone strikes.
They're doing drone strikes that's come out just to make the Pakistani people revolt and take over the government and put radicals in.
I mean, it's sophisticated, folks.
They flew tens of thousands of Taliban and Al-Qaeda out of Afghanistan, our government did, into Pakistan.
That was even in the Financial Times of London.
Nobody got in trouble for it.
We're going to go back to Professor Griff, and I promise he's on to take your calls.
He'll graciously stay with us, summon him to the next hour, before Dr. Steve Pachinik, former head of Black Ops for the State Department,
in psychological warfare, who said the bin Laden thing was fake.
Now mainstream news is coming out admitting there's like three, four, five different versions of that.
He'll be on the last 30 minutes.
Briefly, this is listeners supported here on the broadcast.
We can bring all these great guests on.
And we're not like NPR that gets Rockefeller money and then still begs for your money.
We just say, if you believe in it, spread the word about the broadcast.
Support the sponsors, local AM&FM, national sponsors.
Become a member of prisonplanet.tv.
You can get 11 memberships for $5.95 a month with all our great reporters, research, my films, the books, the special reports, the online special events, all of it.
We've got all the pro-Second Amendment, pro-liberty, anti-globalist information, books, shirts, you name it, at infowarstore.com.
You can get subscriptions to our glossy monthly magazine, Biometcost, in bulk as well.
We've got all the new anti-tyranny shirts, all available at infowarstore.com.
Or call 888-253-3139, 888-253-3139.
And you can get all of his very, I haven't read them all, but I've now read a couple of them, scanning through them quickly.
Pgriff.info, really deep information.
We're going to be carrying all of his books very, very soon.
In fact, I was asking him, I said, we're about to carry you.
He goes, yeah, I know, your check just came in, it's sitting here on the table.
So I just bought a bunch of those, pgriff.info.
You can buy them there now, but they'll also be added to infowarstore.com very, very, very, very soon.
Okay, Professor Griff, I want to go to these calls, but I'm telling you, you're laying out such hardcore info that I remember reading the goals of the Illuminati 20 years ago
and knowing how accurate it was in interviewing Coleman so many times.
And then now it's all coming true, but now it's out in the open.
It's like the headlines are what he talks about.
So finish up with those points, and then let's go to the phone calls.
I'm going to move real quick.
13, to continue to build up the cult of Christian fundamentalism beginning by the British East Indian Company.
14, to press for the spread of religious cults such as the Muslim Muslim Brotherhood.
That sounds familiar.
Didn't we hear about them a few years ago?
And this document was written 27 years ago?
And British Intel created them, yeah.
Exactly. 15, to export religious liberation ideas around the world.
We'll ask to undermine all existing religions.
16, to cause a total collapse of the world's economy.
We're going to get back to that one.
I have something to say about that, especially dealing with America.
To take control of all foreign and domestic policies of the United States.
To give the fullest support to, pardon me, 18, to give the fullest support to still the national insuppression of the United Nations.
The IMF, International Monetary Fund, excuse me, that was a Freudian slip.
The Bank of International Settlements and World Poors, 19, to penetrate and subvert all government.
And working with them to destroy sovereignty and sovereign integrity of the nation.
20, we're almost at the end, to organize a worldwide terrorist apparatus.
And to negotiate with terrorists whenever terrorist activities take place.
Last but not least, to take control of education in America with the intent and purpose of utterly and completely destroying it.
Those are the 21 goals, written by Dr. Coleman in the book Committee of 300, dealing with the 21 goals of the Illuminati.
That's right, and everybody should get that book.
I think it's still available, we should carry it.
I mean, I read it close to 20 years ago, I think about 96 or so.
And people also need to, it's up at educate-yourself.org, they've got a link to some of the text.
We're going to mirror it over at Infowars.com.
Don Salazar is posting it right now on Infowars.com and PrisonBlinded.com.
Because absolutely, that is such key information that you pulled out of the memory hole here today, Professor Griff.
You wanted to go back to a few of the points in there and then we'll go to calls.
Let me just say this one last thing, give me 30 seconds.
There was an essay written by a young lady named Nicole Terry.
Hopefully she's listening and she doesn't mind us pulling her work up.
Essay is explaining what has happened to this world.
She said, what would happen to someone who played a major role in the discovery and publication of the following facts.
Number one, the IRS is not a U.S. government agency.
Number two, the IMF is an agency of the UN.
Number three, the U.S. had not had a treasury since 1921.
Number four, the U.S. Treasury is now the IMF.
Five, the United States does not have any employees because there's no longer a United States.
Six, the Alphabet Boys, the FTC, CIA, FBI, NAFA, and the rest of the Alphabet gangs were never part of the United States to begin with.
Seven, the Social Security numbers are issued through the UN through the IMF.
Eight, there are no judicial courts in America because there has not been since 1789.
Nine, there have not been any judges in America since 1789.
Eleven, we have one world government, one law, one world monetary system.
Twelve, the UN is a one world super government.
There's 21 of them, but I want to stop right there and take the call as calls.
Sure, and you're going to stay a little bit with us in the next hour so you can lay out more knowledge for people.
But briefly, then we will go to calls. We have an article in Infowars.com.
Robo reporters replace mainstream journalists.
So now the government corporation puts out a press release.
A robo writer re-scrambles it, but it's the same propaganda and then puts a fake name on it.
They're going to have gnome de plumes, pen names, and then they're going to just get rid of the little government repeaters that just repeat whatever the government says anyway.
I mean, this is crazy. If you notice now, they're even now saying we may not even have press conferences anymore.
We may have a virtual president where it's a hologram. I mean, they are overthrowing reality.
This thing is now starting to move really quick, Professor Griff.
What's your take on the whole technocracy?
I think it's almost mind-numbing simply because I watched this gentleman, Will.I.Am, of the group Black Eyed Peas support and then write songs and this kind of thing for Barack Obama.
He even admitted that because of the hologram, he ended up in four and five different locations at one time.
Shortly after that, they did a concert, I believe at Coach Miller, and they brought Tupac out on the stage via the hologram.
And this blew a lot of people away.
And then they even admitted in certain documents on the internet that they were going to start having a hologram concert.
You can see Otis Redding and Whitney Houston and Heavy D and some of the other artists that have transitioned and passed on.
Now we can see them now in concert by a hologram.
It is mind-numbing simply because a lot of people that I talk to on a daily basis, especially young people, they don't know reality from non-reality.
A lot of people's non-reality has become their reality.
It's an artist sitting in a studio and craft a song, a song that comes out of his imagination.
By the time the singer airwaves and the video comes out, a young person listening to that particular song views that as their reality.
But it's not real.
Most people I know now, when you go to the Target or any store, it's all about virtual reality, these games.
People pay money to have a Ferrari in an imaginary world.
They pay to have a girlfriend.
And then people actually start worshipping them with a status because they have the illusion this is the Wizard of Oz world eating the real world.
Yes.
Yes.
I asked the question earlier, does art imitate life?
Does art imitate art?
And we know they're using artificial art to then create the life they want.
They're feedback looping us.
They're force-feeding us all this.
Exactly.
And the truth is, if people watch my breakdown of Prometheus, they really believe they are the descendants of aliens and that we're the profane and have to be exterminated.
It's just all so bizarre.
And whether it's real or not, folks, they believe it.
They're crazy.
They're in charge because we stand down and let them rule because we don't have this arrogant desire to dominate everything.
So, wow.
Heavy show today.
So glad to have Professor Griff here with us.
Mike in Oregon.
Got a lot of great questions here.
Mike, Freddie, James, Boren, Vitald.
We're going to get to all of you.
Mike, you're on the air with Professor Griff.
Go ahead.
Hey, thanks a lot for having me today.
You bet, buddy.
Go ahead.
Oh, on the holographic subject, I thought I'd explain.
They're probably going to have like an Obama one Kenobi type deal where it like tells you when to turn on and off the lights, tells you what to eat and whatnot.
You think?
No, that's actually  THX 1138 is off of Brave New World, which Aldous Huxley said is their actual plan.
So go watch that George Lucas 1973 film with Robert Duvall.
And that's what they're planning, if you're lucky.
Wow.
Oh, and the video game subject with the violent video games I was reading from where the high schools and the middle schools want to get a like a poll of all the kids using video games.
And then they want to put them on like an anger management type program saying that they all could potentially be Adam Lanz's and that we all need to get them hooked on psychotropics and all sorts of stuff.
No, no, I hear you.
Let's get Professor Griff's take on that.
Yeah, the public, they're saying they're going to put the so-called Colorado shooter on truth serum to make him tell the truth when that's actually what you use to mind control him.
And the guy's under a DARPA mind control program, just like it's admitted that the Unabomber Theodore Kaczynski was in MK Ultra.
I mean, that's in the L.A. Times.
And then no one says, hey, we should investigate if he was mind control.
And then they assign the same mind control doctor, the second most famous in world history, to be McVeigh's doctor.
I mean, it's all hidden in plain view.
Professor Griff, you know, 10 years ago, we talk about al-Qaeda being globalist run.
Now they just admit it.
Well, why do you think they're just coming out in the open with everything?
I think simply because the plan that they set in motion has put up its base already in the hearts and the minds of the people.
We're at the phase of this day where the people are crying out and clamoring for this whole idea of change.
This is one of the reasons why the Obama deception, too, is very important, typically because now we're getting things to come back and let the people know, look, we've said this and started doing this prior to Obama becoming president.
Look at what's been going on.
Look what is going on right now so that we can lay out the plan, what's about to happen.
And if people don't want to go along with it and believe it, that's on them.
This is what's been laid out by people that are watching this thing and knowing understands.
That's right. This is a fact whether people like that's your opinion.
No, no. I mean, if you jump off a thousand foot cliff without a parachute, you're going to die.
This is what we're saying here is not our opinion.
The globalists are bragging.
We're telling you what's public.
That's what's so frustrating.
It drives me crazy.
Exactly.
So this is this next quote is very, very public.
This is the biblical, the big Brzezinski, November 17th, 2008.
He said, I once put it rather bluntly, and I was flattered that the British Home Secretary repeated this as follows.
Mainly in earlier times, it is easier to control a million people.
Literally, it was easier to control a million people than physically to kill a million people.
It is infinitely easier to kill a million people than to control a million people.
He said it's easier to kill than to control.
This is the big Brzezinski.
He put that out in his new book.
That's in his new book.
I read most of it.
I scanned through it.
It's a big book that came out about six months ago.
And he says the people are waking up.
This may upset our plan.
And he's not just saying that playing possum.
The good news is we pushed him back about 10 years, ladies and gentlemen.
And if you just believe we can beat them, and if we just figure out their divide and conquer, we can come together and beat this thing.
Let's talk to Sally in California.
Then we're going to go to Freddie and others.
Sally, you're on the air with Professor Griff.
Go ahead.
Yes.
I have a question with Dr. Griff.
How to get African Americans more involved in New World Order?
I think what we need to do is encourage enough to speak truth to power.
I think we need to tap into the great meat instead of worrying about the little meat things.
I think we need to do things that resonate with African Americans, that resonate with black people and speak their language.
Public Enemy has done that particular work.
And I think this is why it was the people that voted for Public Enemy to go into the rock and roll on the thing.
We did it via hip-hop, because that's the vibratory frequency that we felt we could use, the medium that we could use, to reach black people.
Now, we can call all we want to.
Whether people come or not, that is entirely up to the people.
Speaking truth to power, as Alex Jones will tell you, is definitely not an easy thing, but we don't mind doing it.
There's a price to be paid for that.
Are you following me?
James Brown said people are talking loud, but they ain't saying nothing.
And it's very critical that you speak a person's language.
If you go to speak to our Latino brothers and sisters, you have to be able to speak their language to resonate with them.
If you're going to speak to African Americans, I mean, we're all over the place.
We have to be able to speak the language and speak truth to power.
Well, I've actually found, statistically, black folks are easier to wake up to the new world order than probably any other group, because they've already been shafted so much, and they recognize the system they've already seen.
But, like everybody else, they'll go, yeah, I get it's bad, but I still like Obama because it makes me feel good.
They, like, choose to go back into the matrix.
Exactly. And the reason why, Alex, simply because we've been fed this feel-good stuff for a minute, because that's what goes on every Sunday in the black community.
It's a feel-good kind of thing.
With one or two commercials and a couple of songs by a couple of 20 rappers, oh, it's a wrap.
All right, Sally, thank you. Let's jam in one more, and we'll come back after the break and get more into this.
Let's talk to Freddie in Texas.
Well, let's do this after the break. He wants to have a question. Get your opinion on Louis Farrakhan, so we'll get that.
Selena wants to talk about the Koch brothers. Michael Paul or Michelle Paul wants to talk about populations.
800-259-9231, 800-259-9231.
Professor Griff is our guest, excellent website, pgriff.info, and he is keeping it real, as they say.
That's my only goal. Be real.
And I know what's real.
That a bunch of mad scientists who think they're God and are going to become God running things, and they're jacking my food, my water.
They're trying to force GMO on me and my babies.
And, man, I just am freaked out, and we've got to get everybody awake to this to figure out some way forward.
The problem is they know our nature. They know how to punch our buttons.
We've got to get outside the box and realize we're being gamed.
Professor Griff has been a soldier long before I was trying to do that.
We'll be right back with Professor Griff, your phone calls, and a lot more right here.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day.
If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better.
You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared. For years, we've told you about our friends at eFoods Direct.
They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food on the planet.
This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight.
A long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from eFoods Direct.
Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies.
Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared.
Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
Curious about what comes next?
Next is the feeling of vulnerability you get after you arrive home to discover your house has been ransacked by burglars.
Fool the bad guys with a new, improved fake TV.
You asked for it. We listened and we made our new fake TV three times brighter than our previous model.
The brightness of our new fake TV is equivalent to a 40-inch TV.
It simulates the color and motion of a real TV while you're away from home.
And when burglars think someone is home watching television, they're likely to pass your house and move on to an easier target.
The new, brighter fake TV is only $39.95 and includes free shipping.
Go to Faketv.com or call 1-877-5FAKETV.
That's 877-532-5388 or go to Faketv.com.
Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
We all know that Berkey water purification systems are the most trusted name in water filtration.
As an authorized Berkey dealer for over six years and serving thousands of satisfied customers,
the Berkey guy offers amazing specials for Berkey water filtration systems.
The Berkey light systems include a set of self-sterilizing and re-cleanable black purification elements that purify water
by removing chlorine, pathogenic bacteria, cysts and parasites to non-detectable levels and remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides and pesticides.
Order the Berkey light system today complete with two black Berkey elements for only $231
and the Berkey guy will ship your order free of charge.
With the purchase of a Berkey light, the Berkey guy is also offering a set of fluoride and arsenic filters for only $39.99.
That's over 30% off the retail price.
Call the Berkey guy at 1-877-886-3653.
That's 1-877-886-3653 or order online at GoBerkey.com.
That's GoBerkey.com today.
They're just getting you used to, it's fake, but believe it.
Yeah, you didn't get thrown in the ocean.
Just don't worry about it.
On purpose, just to where we accept being lied to.
You know, recently, Louis Farrakhan said some nice things about me.
And, you know, Louis Farrakhan, growing up hearing him, he says a lot of stuff I totally agree with.
He exposes the fellow who deserves other stuff.
Gets off into some other areas, you know, that I don't totally agree with.
But all I care about is that he's telling people don't be on drugs and don't trust the government.
And that sounds like common sense to me, but that's my view of Louis Farrakhan.
I don't really follow a ton of what he's doing because I'm too busy.
But let's get Professor Griff's take on, well, I mean, Freddie, you go ahead and ask the question.
I just see it up there on the board, so I'm asking it for you, Freddie.
Go ahead, ask your question.
Thank you, Alex, and I love you, man.
I'm a black man saying to you, I love you, Farrakhan.
I love you as a black man to a white man because Jesus' disciples came to him one day,
and he asked him, when his mom and brothers wanted to speak to him, he said, who are my mothers and who are my brothers?
And Jesus said, those who adhere to the word of God and put it into practice.
And you're more of a brother as a white man because you're standing for truth and you're willing to speak truth to power,
more so than members of my own family who don't do that.
I just want justice, and I know they're shooting people up with cancer viruses.
And if I don't fight that, I'm signing on to it.
Do you have a question for Professor Griff?
I want to ask Professor Griff, what do you think of Mr. Farrakhan yourself?
And again, I agree with speaking the language of our people.
Could you give me a couple of specifics?
Because I'm about reaching out to young people with this.
Sure, great question, Freddie.
Thanks for holding.
Go ahead, Professor Griff.
Well, that's a very, very broad general state, but that's a show within thought of itself.
There's so many things I could think of, but I think the one thing that kind of hits home for me in reference to Mr.
Farrakhan is the fact that I was that average kid in the hood, in the street, getting into all kinds of trouble, doing all kinds of things.
But I heard this brother speaking truth to power, which drew me to the Nation of Islam.
And I became a disciplined, studious, caring father, brother, uncle, just an all-around good human being,
after going through the process of the FOI, which is the Food of Islam, the military training of men that belong to Islam in North America.
All right, there goes your question answered right there.
Let's jam in one more before this hour ends.
Boran in Alabama, you're on the air.
Go ahead.
Go ahead, sir.
You're on the air.
Can you hear me?
Okay, let's go to Nick in California.
Go ahead, Nick.
You're on the air.
Go ahead.
Hi.
I was calling about the Common Core education, where the government is trying to control the education.
And you were talking about Dr. Coleman and the 21 plan?
Yes.
Can you hear me?
Man, you're on the air.
Can you hear me?
We're having a little bit of phone trouble.
Yeah, I can hear you.
Can you hear me?
Sir, I can hear you.
Okay.
I was calling about the Common Core plan.
Yeah, the whole agenda 21, you notice there's 21 goals.
And he was in MI6 and exposed it more than 20 years ago because he thought it was such a horrible plan.
And so what's your question for Professor Griff?
He's listening to his radio.
That's the problem.
Listen, callers, you've got, and everybody knows this in talk radio, to not go on speaker phones and to not turn up your radio and sit there and listen to yourself.
And at some days, the callers are the best.
And other days, they are just all over the map.
We're going to crowd at 800-259-9231.
Professor Griff is taking time out of his busy schedule, touring, giving speeches.
Come on here to answer your questions.
So we're going to come back and we're going to hear your questions for him.
He's going to answer.
800-259-9231.
Hour number three.
Straight ahead.
You are listening to GCN.
Visit GCNlive.com today.
That have helped me lose 37 pounds in just two months.
Products like Beyond Tangy Tangerine, Holland Burst and Rebound.
When I started taking the Tangy Tangerine and other products every day, I lost more than 37 pounds in just two months.
Now that's results.
I want to challenge my listeners to go to InfoWarsTeam.com and to order just three of their products.
And you will see the changes in the way you look, feel and in your appetite almost immediately.
Start your journey to health and wellness today.
InfoWarsTeam.com.
Waging war on corruption.
Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups.
You want answers?
Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Professor Griff is our guest, one of the founders of one of the top hip-hop rap groups ever public enemy.
Pgriff.info is the website.
We're going to your phone calls right now.
And I wasn't trying to chastise the last caller, but I mean, you can hear the radio in the background.
It's like, you know, we want to hear you.
And it's just I've been doing rock radio almost 18 years.
Drives me crazy.
Let's talk to Michael Paul in Nebraska.
You're on the air with Professor Griff.
Go ahead.
What's your question?
I guess my question was about solutions.
What do you think we could do to, you know, try and remedy this as quickly as possible?
As quick as possible, I think it starts right here on the Alex Jones Show with dialogue.
And this is what I said the last time.
Is it not worth it to the gentlemen in this medium?
You and I would try, but we don't operate in the same circle.
You and I would never have this dialogue simply because the plan and the agenda is working
and it's being carried out.
It's designed for you and I to be at odds with one another.
Oh, they admit with Google now it makes you go to your little group.
We can dialogue now and we can come up with strategies and solutions.
But can I tell you something, sir?
Yes, go ahead, sir.
I would never get the plan over an open line like this.
We have to sit in closed meetings, study groups to counter to come up with a plan to counter
at the madness simply because we don't know who's listening to the Alex Jones Show.
And I want to say to the government agents that are out there, thank you all for tuning in.
Also, we appreciate you all for that.
Well, listen, we talked about that off air and, sir, a great question.
Do you have any other questions?
No, sir.
God bless you.
You know, people ask me, what is your solution?
And I give out a lot of individual solutions.
But number one, wake up, you know, snap your fingers, get out of the trance, look around you.
Don't believe us.
People say, I trust this person or I trust that person.
Don't trust anybody.
Verify, learn, see who you can really trust.
It's not who's the fanciest or somebody says this guy's a bad guy and then there's no proof.
That's all Cass Sunstein cognitive infiltration.
We've got to come together and realize there's no future if we don't.
Professor Griff, sure, go ahead.
No, that wasn't me.
I think the caller didn't get hung up on when I said thanks for the call.
They just hung up.
Yeah, but I think we need to recognize the fact that it's about the human family.
And as they said in the movie New Jack City, we always die.
So I think it's the us against them kind of thing.
And this has nothing to do with your complexion.
We need to understand that they're coming after us all.
They are rolling out with a technocracy on record to replace us with machines saying they're going to kill all of us.
And that's the big issue.
That should be the big enemy.
In fact, maybe the flag should be black people, white people, brown people, red people, whatever.
Like with clubs beating a robot into pieces, like all of us in a circle beating the robot and the all seeing eye into pieces.
And it's not that the robot itself is bad.
That's going to be its tool because it'll follow orders.
Right.
I mean, isn't that the unifying thing right there, Professor Griff, is to realize that, as you said?
Right.
But that's what they're afraid of.
So the plan is to create these false flags and false fronts to keep us at odds with one another.
And we have to understand that.
I spoke.
I spoke in my book, The Acapella Revolution, about the vote scam.
Did I not catch hell because black people feel that, okay, well, we fought and bled and died to have the right to vote.
But that doesn't necessarily mean the vote is going to work for you.
We need to understand something.
These people control both parties until there's a third party and until we just kind of overhaul the government, just kind of get rid of it and start over again.
It's not going to work for any of us because they control it.
Sure.
I mean, people ask for solutions.
Solutions are getting awake, having dialog, communicating with people, getting out of your comfort zone.
They want you in a house watching television, not even talking to your neighbors.
You want to take the New World Order? Go ride a bike.
You want to take the New World Order?
Walk over to people that are different from you at a gas station.
Start warning them.
I do that everywhere I go.
My kids are like, oh, dad, not again.
I don't care.
I go up and I warn everybody.
We'll be right back.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our immunity and health.
At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection of silver-based products.
Our most popular silver-based products are the 32-ounce nano silver solutions,
our 2-ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well as our all-natural silver soaps.
Just released is our 100% natural silver gel.
Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface.
But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin-nourishing chemistry of aloe vera
to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more effectively.
Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver-based products are best for you.
That's www.silverlungs.com.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day.
If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better.
You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared.
For years, we've told you about our friends at e Foods Direct.
They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food on the planet.
This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight.
A long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from e Foods Direct.
Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies.
Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared.
Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
You can bet your life on e Foods Direct.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold and weapons.
But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it the number one choice of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to SupernaturalSilver.com.
Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
We now take you live to the Central Texas Command Center in the heart of the resistance.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Show.
We have now posted in the tile section at the top of mfoldwars.com and prisonplanet.com 21 goals of the Illuminati and the committee of 300.
And under it, the last interview I think I did three, four years ago with John Coleman who was in British Intelligence.
And the last time I tried to get him on, he was ill and having to have surgery.
I believe I'm going from memory and so that's why we hadn't had him back on.
I thought he was riding off in the sunset, but we should try to get him back on the show.
Amazing information.
Professor Griff was bringing that up today.
I'm glad he did.
It's very important.
I want to take some final phone calls from Selena, David, Will, Mark and Robert.
Please have your question ready.
But Professor Griff, you've got some more knowledge.
Professor Griff, one of the founders of Public Enemy being inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, what is it, next month, joins us now.
Professor Griff, again, here into the second hour of the interview with you.
Head of Dr. Pechenik joining us with new bin Laden hoax information here in about 30 minutes.
Break down that other information.
Well, I was trying to explain to people through my book, The Acapala Revolution, I wrote a song entitled, Elvis Kill Kennedy.
And this song, I kind of tell a story on how it goes into these false stories that the media puts out and then tracking these stories down and finding out the truth.
And by the time this happens, you've wasted valuable time.
So what I did in the book is I put the resources to let people know how we can kind of cut through the chase.
I talked about the IMF enslavement of black Africa.
I talked about the United States prison population hits an all-time high.
I'll be talking about the same people that run and control the high, the desk that's put on high in the music industry, also invest and have stock in private prisons.
I talked about the prison industrial complex.
I talked about fluoride and we talked about heart, but we talked about different things in this particular chapter dealing with Elvis kill Kennedy.
This is one of the methods, I think a few calls ago I asked this question.
This is one of the methods that we use to awaken the masses of the people.
What better way to do it than to educate them through entertainment.
This is one of the ways that we do this to kind of wake up the mass of the people.
It has to be put in a book form.
It has to be put in an audio book.
It has to be taught in universities on and offline.
This has to be the conversation in Starbucks or the average coffee shop.
This has to be the conversation, these particular subjects that we bring up, not only on the Alex Jones show, but on other shows.
Very well said, Professor Griffis, our guest.
We'll take some calls.
Shalina in California, you're on the air with Professor Griff.
Go ahead.
Hi, Professor Griff.
My question was, I wanted to get your take on the Koch brothers, actually.
How they pretty much fund Americas for prosperity and how they're trying to destroy Social Security and segregate the schools.
And pretty much they fund Obama.
I just wanted to get your take on them.
Anything that I could possibly say right now would be too pretty much true.
Well, Sherman, here's the deal.
It's a meme that anybody that's pro-gun is a right-wing extremist racist funded by the Koch brothers.
And the truth is they're a small Illuminati family spinoff, newer money, who won mafia groups about to basically push off the map.
They've tried to take over conservatism as their own engine.
And they're just a smaller mafia family.
But we're actually doing a study on them because the entire fake left obsesses on them.
And that's their conspiracy that they run the whole world.
And so, I mean, it's true. David Knight was talking about being up in the Carolinas, living there, one of our reporters.
And that all the major conservative groups he'd go to, meetings and stuff, it was like Koch brother people there basically trying to take it over.
So I've got him doing some research on that. I've been doing some research as well.
So certainly they're involved in American conservatism.
The original DAB was part of the John Birch Society that, as far as I can tell, told a lot of the true stuff about the New World Order and got proven right.
So for whatever reason, the Illuminati wants to shut them down. Doesn't mean they're good overall.
But they don't want to give up their refineries and coal.
OK, so you've actually got the globalists want to shut off our energy to control us.
That's why they block real alternative energy that Professor Griff was talking about. Professor Griff?
Yes, I would like to put my email address out there for me because a lot of times when we are traveling, we don't have access.
I mean, the Internet is a beautiful thing, but a lot of times you need to touch and have communication with people.
You need to talk to people.
When that question came up, I had a bomb of information, but I don't want to speak too prematurely, so my email address is professorgriff.com.
That's professorgriff.com and my phone number is 678-55-2919.
I would definitely love to have people send me this particular information.
You know what I noticed? In communication with the people that I speak with from outside of the United States, the information is vastly different.
And it takes some time longer to cross reference because a lot of times you don't want to get on the Alex Jones, you know,
just to sound intelligent and important and your information is incorrect.
No, you're kicking butt and we're having a dialogue getting people thinking that's half the battle and I think it's important.
I think by people saying I work for the Koch brothers and stuff and almost creating, you know, like a schizophrenia out there,
I think it's good because then that makes me go research and realize there's a mafia battle going on.
It's like I'm not for Assad, but they're trying to knock him off.
He didn't do anything. That's evil in Syria. Don't take him out.
Just like I'm against starting a war with Russia doesn't mean I endorse Putin.
And it's the same thing. Why are they trying to shut down the Koch brothers?
Why are they trying to eradicate them? And it just shows these.
Why did Boris Berevosky just get killed? I mean, clearly murdered the Russian oligarch because because these globalists,
one thing they do at the highest levels, they do occasionally knock each other off.
And I think that's what's holding them back. In fact, Brzezinski's talked about that, that they've got to have unity.
And thank God they don't have perfect unity. That's one thing holding them up.
Let's talk to Mark in Oregon. Mark, you're on the air with Professor Griff. Go ahead.
Go ahead, Mark. You're on the air with Professor Griff. OK, Mark is gone.
Let's talk to Robert in California. You're on the air with Professor Griff.
Yes. How are you guys doing? My question for Professor Griff is mind control and how the New World Order likes to play people off of each other.
And also the new technology that actually emerged about two to three years ago concerning Brain Gate technology
and how possibly the New World Order is also using that against people, against off each other,
and possibly against people in Congress. Oh, yeah, I know.
I mean, it came out in the 70s. They were using all sorts of mind control projection systems on people in legislators.
I mean, it's incredible how far down the road the rat hole on this. Professor Griff.
Let me ask you something, Alex. What was the name of the movie that came out?
I think it was a little documentary film that they had talking about brain fingerprinting.
And I think the information went into the fact that if you committed a crime, they were able to take you in,
strap you to this machine and read your brain waste to see whether or not that particular crime is still in your brain.
I forget the name of the movie, but I'm familiar with it. And it's also, you know, they're all.
No, no, Minority Report is is is pre-crime. This is after the movie.
That's right. They go in and use the laser to erase the memories. Right.
Paycheck. Right, right, right. We have to be very, very careful.
And now and not so narrow minded as to think they have maybe one to two methods on pushing the whole mind control program on the masses of the people.
It's done several different ways. And the way I present it in the psychological covert war on hip hop is through the vibratory frequencies of music is what Stephen Jacobson in his book,
Mind Control in America, talked about when he talked about double speak, when he talked about backward masking.
It's done in several, several different ways. We could sit and watch TV for an hour, come up from off the couch playing armchair revolutionary,
come up off the couch and not even know that we've been indoctrinating with certain things that sit in.
Oh, listen, I can tell what is going on. Absolutely.
I can tell when something's really programing. And that's why I said watch the Dark Knight series.
We connected shootings before it was all connected to both of them before.
I mean, I said that because I know I get physically ill watching trailers and I can tell my brain just knows when it's being programmed and it's everywhere.
And then there's overt stuff where they like, you know, the person that homeschools in every TV shows, a terrorist or a racist or a criminal.
I mean, there's open brainwashing and demonization, but there's also subliminal programing on record.
So to your caller, Robert, you need to probably just what me and Alex was talking about off the edge.
He's kind of come off the grid, unplug, get away from all the electronics.
All right. And just press the reset button. Press the Robert reset button from California.
We all went down and not we all my son and Rob doing his son and my dad.
We all took an RV down with Richard Reeves to Big Ben for four days.
And cell phones don't work there. There's no civilization.
And I felt like heaven. And it's because there's no frequency pollution.
Right, right, right. I mean, all I want to do is go back there.
I'm tempted to go move there, but I can't run. Sorry, go ahead.
People right now that are listening that know how to align the shockers and cleanse the field.
And I think that's what a lot of us need sometimes, especially if we're around these electronics all the time.
These frequencies are bombarding the brain cells and the orange field.
Well, they admit cell phones actually rattle loose the DNA strands in your cells.
That's deep. It cuts them in two. You know what? We've got to do five more minutes.
Can you do five more minutes, Griff? Yes, sir. All right. Callers, I'm doing it for you.
John's got a question about guns in Chicago.
Also, we'll talk to folks in New York, Maryland, and that'll be it.
Davon and Eric, that'll be it after John. Professor Griff, pgriff.info.
And you get his books there. You can also support us. Get our books, T-shirts and materials at info war store dot com.
Nothing is more American than diamond gusset jeans.
One hundred percent American made since 1987. Soft and broken in from the start.
Yet more rugged and durable than any gene you've ever worn.
Have you ever experienced mis-sized jeans from China? Well, you won't with diamond gusset.
Every pair is crafted to fit exactly the same and always feel like they were custom made.
Need a 35, 37 or 39 waist? How about a 31 inseam?
We keep all sizes in stock for the fit you need.
Looking for a relaxed fit, slim fit, regular fit, boot cut or straight leg? We've got you covered.
Buy the world's best fitting jeans at gusset dot com or call 1-888-8GUSET.
Get free gusset targets for the next time you go to the shooting range with a purchase of their new ranger jeans.
Use code comfort when ordering to receive free shipping and all gusset orders at gusset dot com.
That's gusset dot com to get only the best all American jeans.
You've heard about our MRE smorgasbord.
Now, Long Life Food Depot introduces the most unique, safe and longest lasting way to stash emergency food.
The EatPod. Most survival food products recommend an ideal storage environment, including low temps, low moisture and low oxygen.
If you're storing in a basement too humid, garages and attics too hot,
but the waterproof double walled high density polyethylene patent pending EatPod is a unique roll away food bunker that creates the perfect conditions,
can be buried up to 30 feet and can keep your survival food supply safe, secure, dry and virtually undetectable.
For 25 years or more, get full details on the EatPod at eatpod.com, spelled E-A-T-P-O-D dot com.
Or call 800-601-2833. That's 800-601-2833.
The EatPod from Long Life Food Depot. Since 1983, sending real food to your real future.
Hi, this is John O'Toole with Midas Resources, gold and silver company.
We have all heard of Rand Paul warning of an imminent currency crisis as a result of reckless spending on Capitol Hill and endless wars overseas.
But what are we doing to prepare for it?
China, India and numerous other countries are buying up gold and silver by the ton because they know what's really going on.
Don't you think it's time you do the same thing before it's too late?
Call me, John O'Toole, today at 1-800-686-2237 extension 133 and find out why gold and silver have been the true safe havens for over 5000 years.
That's 1-800-686-2237 extension 133.
I'll send you a booklet highlighting 10 reasons why gold and silver are the only way to preserve your purchasing power.
Again, that's 1-800-686-2237 extension 133.
The Bokashi Food Waste Recycling System.
Rather than decomposition, the Bokashi system uses fermentation to break down waste so it takes less time to create nutrient-dense humus for crops or gardens with no turning and no obnoxious odors.
To learn more and order your Bokashi online, visit tereganics.com and click on the orange button.
That's tereganics.com, spelled T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X dot com or call 866-369-3678.
That's 866-369-3678.
Recycle all your food wastes in about 6 weeks with the Bokashi Food Waste Recycling System from tereganics.com.
Tereganics. Life's getting better.
Everybody knows that the days are loaded. Everybody rolls with their fingers crossed. Everybody knows the war is over.
Everybody knows the good guys lost. Yeah, but did we really lose? We don't lose until the fat lady sings and I don't want to lose.
A lot of people are losing right now as the globalists kill them with soft kill weapons.
John in Illinois, you want to talk about guns in Chicago? You're on the air. What's your question?
I just have a statement. Do you guys know that in Chicago they're closing the schools and they're forcing gangs into other gangs' school territories?
And that's going to cause school shootings. I should know. I was convicted of a school shooting, taking a gun into a school.
I was tried in a 50,000 volt shock device of a crime I didn't commit.
I was put in the Illinois prison system where they put me in the soy project where they tested the GMO soy on the prisoners.
That's killing them. Send me a story about what happened to you. Look at Chicago. They've taken the guns. Only the criminals and government have it.
And it's a hell hole. I appreciate your call. Professor Griff, what's your take on that comment?
Do you know something? I don't think they're ever going to get all of the guns that they think they're going to get out of the hands of the people.
The total number of guns that Michael Moore was now in America. Do you remember?
There's like, my number is 400 million.
400 million guns. And you're talking about banning a certain particular rifle or clip. It is ridiculous.
Well, bottom line, you notice the government's getting all these extra weapons, but they want mine. I'm telling you. Buy more guns, folks.
And we need good people with guns. Dave Vaughn in New York. You're on the air with Professor Griff. Go ahead.
I was calling because I was assaulted last week by the NYPD. They assaulted me and arrested me and claimed that I was resisting arrest.
And my question was regarding what can we actually do to actually win against the NYPD because they made a lot of lies on me.
Yeah, the NYPD is legendarily bad. I've been arrested by I'm just peacefully protesting and they were making stuff up. And it's just amazing that that is a giant gang of and they're not all bad, but the system is run by bad people on the top.
Professor Griff, what do you do about that?
It's good people in a bad system, but we need to keep in mind that the police are not the power structure. The police are being used by the power structure. And with what we just went through, as far as young black men are concerned with this stop and frisk, it's utterly ridiculous.
I don't see why good white Americans came up because, listen, it's black people today, but who is it tomorrow?
I've actually been stopped in frisk in 2004 at the RNC walking down the street and happened to our other guys. So you're right, they mainly do it to minorities, but now they're doing it exactly. They're just they search cars randomly.
It happens to my white friends in New York all the time. They just randomly do whatever they want now.
I tell people all the time once they come get Professor Griff in the morning, guess who they're coming for in the evening?
That's right. Absolutely. That's what Tony Brown always says, what they test in the black community, you better believe is coming to your people.
We talked about it before we went on air, how white people and folks think that they're part of the power structure, the Boulay, you know, Masonic black leaders, they all think they're part of the power structure.
And I'm here to tell you, none of you are part of the power structure. What do you call that when you imagine you're running things when you aren't?
You might call it a tea party, but I'm not sure what you call it in scientific terms.
Elaborate on that, because you've got the Republican version of the Tea Party and then you've got the Ron Paul version. But yeah, the establishment Tea Party?
No, I'm not talking about the establishment Tea Party. A lot of people, who is this Negro in the Tea Party, who thinks that these people, it's so funny that I can't even get it out, who thinks that these people accept him, and none of what these people are presenting will ever try to pulse him in the position that he feels he's going to be in.
It's a trick. It's the yellow brick rose, is what I call it. You end up at Oz, and you pull the curtain back, and it's this character, that little character running everything.
Who would have thought? So I think they're propping up the Tea Party. They're exacerbating the tensions between black and white for an ultimate racial showdown. They pretend like the bobbleheads and the talking heads pretend like the Democrats are a version of the Republicans.
They have the gun issue, they have the gay marriage issue, the abortion issue, and we're being force fed, not only the question, but we're being force fed to answer them the solution.
Well said.
It's already been controlled by the same people.
Absolutely, that's a good way to end it. I'll say bye to you during the break, come back with Dr. Steve Pechenik with Big Breaking News.
Professor Griff has been our guest today. pgriff.info, I'm Alex Jones with mfowlwars.com. Professor Griff, thanks for coming on with us.
All right.
Amazing.
We're on the march. The Empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what you're using now.
Or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers. The prognosis for the entire planetary economic system runs from bad to worse. The globalist model is to shut down societies and starve patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover. That's why we've assembled the most vital and important preparedness items at infowarshop.com.
These are items that I did research on that I personally use. You've got the life straw so you can turn fetid water into safe water anywhere you go. The Ktor hand crank generator to charge up key equipment during power outages or out in the field.
Strategic relocation third edition by Joel Skousen. When disaster strikes by Matthew Stein. Thera safe used by Homeland Security to protect yourself during any radiological event. Hand crank shortwave AM FM radios. Everything that we've researched and found to be the best is available at infowarshop.com and your purchase makes our info war possible. We're getting prepared. Are you? Infowarshop.com.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out simply safe. It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to get simply safe dot com. Simply safe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power. So even if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable.
So you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed. Get simply safe dot com. Simply safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes. So there's no need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but simply safe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's get simply safe dot com.
There's an old saying in Tennessee, I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee, that says fool me once. Shame on shame on you. Fool me can't get fooled again. He aligns himself with the truth. And it's time for you to choose a side. You're listening to Alex Jones.
We'll be fighting in the streets with our children at our feet.
These are morals that need worship. We'll be gone.
And the man who's heard a song is from judgment of all wrong.
All right. Dr. Steve Pechenik is going to be joining us here in just a moment.
Dr. Pechenik, of course, is a best selling author. Many of his books have been turned to major movies. He's written quite a few books with Tom Clancy and is one of his main sources.
The composite character, Jack Ryan, is partially based on him. And we do have Pechenik.
OK, we we got him on right as we came in here and I got an email from him saying tell Alex the USG pressure is getting greater and greater.
And maybe we shouldn't even get into all that until he wants to talk about it. But the entire bin Laden hoax is coming down.
And when I saw this email this morning when Chris brought it in with Dr. Pechenik sending us this is the guy that ran psychological warfare.
The State Department ran hostage negotiation, helped get the peace deal with Egypt and Israel, the only real peace deal.
I mean, he doesn't brag about himself, but it's on record that he was the guy there as the psychiatrist, you know, helping run the Shaiop.
But from his perspective, for good. And you can look up some of his other exploits that you won't ever talk about on air.
Look, he likes me bringing him up, but he's credited with all sorts of interesting things, bringing down all sorts of governments.
And he first came on, of course, remember the CFR till he got out of it with his disgust over it.
He came on in 2002 and said bin Laden has been frozen. He's dead. They're going to roll him out when they want.
Then Walter Cronkite came out, who's as high level as you get in the inner circle and said, yeah, they've got his body.
Don't roll him out in the 2004 election to the Republicans. Then former Secretary of State Madeline Albright on CNN said he is dead.
She said this on Larry King. We've played it. You look it up. The media is listening. This is Pulitzer Prize type stuff.
They said, yes, it's true. He's dead. Don't roll him out. Then Theresa Heinz Kerry said it, but Bush didn't need to roll it out.
Now they kept it. Then they did that. Now it turns out no one saw the body. There was no ritual. That's come out in the news.
There's one, two, three, four, five, six different stories. I've got a CNN report now saying another Navy SEAL report says it happened this way.
They blew up most of the SEALs to get rid of them. I've talked to a SEAL, current active duty, who has a friend in SEAL Team 6, and they believe they're being killed.
So the point is, under national security, they say don't talk about it, and then they start killing the people involved. This is a major narrative.
And Patchenik got visited by all sorts of different foreign intelligence operatives, domestic ones. I got a lot of really weird contacts and threats.
You see, this is the real world here, and Dr. Patchenik obviously has done a lot of stuff inside the system, but he's also very, very critical of it.
You can take what he says at face value or the grain of salt. I think he's very interesting, and I concur that bin Laden did die.
He's also a doctor, not just a psychiatrist of the things that he broke down, and he joins us today until the transmission ends here in about 25 minutes.
So specifically, I want to just recap, sir, so you can go over that. We'll also show your website, a newly redesigned StevePatchenik.com for folks on screen.
You're writing a lot of articles up there. We've been linking to some at Infowars.com.
What is going on right now with the bin Laden fable? Because we're seeing a lot of chatter about it not being true, even in the mainstream.
Well, thank you, Alex, for bringing me on, but also your audience has to understand that you were very instrumental in a lot of this issue of denigrating the narrative of bin Laden being the cause of the war for Iraq.
One of the reasons I've had increased pressure, and I've told you that, and I've always been honest with you and the audience, because it's an American issue,
and that is that the bin Laden story has to remain alive for this administration because Obama has continued to be an asset of the CIA.
He brought in Brennan, who's been a disastrous operative for the CIA, now director of the CIA.
He's created not only a war in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Iraq, now he's going into Syria.
And I warned them for years, do not go into Syria. If you go into Syria, we're going to have a Middle East conflict that you've never seen before, and we can't afford it.
Basically, the bin Laden story has been stayed alive, and why the pressure's coming on me is that I've been sent a whole article on Paul Wolfowitz, who I knew,
who's the father and the deputy secretary of the Defense Department, and the father of the stand-down in 9-11, because he trained under a Chicago professor by the name of Wolfstetter and studied stand-down.
And basically, the intelligence community was sending me this email to tell me how great he was, and in fact, I've known Paul since he was at Cornell University,
where he was a pathetic individual, his father was a brilliant mathematician who abused Paul, and Paul in return, who was a pathetic individual, abused others and intimidated others,
but became the father of the stand-down, and I accused him specifically, along with Steve Hadley, Richard Perle, all the neo-cons, of being criminals who brought us to the Iraq War.
The second element that came in for increased pressure just around us, and that's what everyone has seen, is this Peter Bergen, a man of ill-refuge, a man who's basically a MI6, an American born of Minneapolis,
grew up in England, an MI6 operative along with a CIA who has no credentials to terrorism, counterterrorism, never been in our military or British military,
but has all these books that he claims he talked to Osama bin Laden, and then when it's the huge detail about how Osama bin Laden had been killed and pursued by the O-16, well that was absurd.
And so all of these elements are still coming back because the narrative has to stay alive in order for this administration to remain legitimate.
In other words, if the narrative dies, and it's found to be ill-proven, as you have done very bravely, and I've just helped to contribute to you,
but as an insider who left the Counts on Foreign Relations because of despicable individuals like Elliott Abrams, Ackerman, and all the criminals who were brought in from the State Department of CIA into the Counts on Foreign Relations,
I refuse to support him or the Council. It was no longer a legitimate expression of American democracy.
So what in fact happened, and this is a news bulletin for your people.
Seven months ago, in order to maintain the narrative, unbeknownst to the CIA, I was a member and have been a member for ten years at the Academy of Arts and Sciences and at the Producers Guild.
Because I had produced and executive produced TV shows, I have been a nominee, a nominator for the Oscars, a best film.
And I was given this film called Zero Dog Thirty seven to eight months ago before anybody saw it, along with the script.
When I saw that movie, I was shocked. First of all, the opening scene that most people have seen of the torture of some, an individual, was totally inappropriate.
The CIA has not done that. In all deference and respect to the CIA that I knew, they did not waterboard people.
They didn't have to waterboard anybody for Osama bin Laden because Osama bin Laden, as he correctly said, I said ten years ago, was dead.
It was torture porn to legitimize torture when, as you know, they use third party states, Jordan, you name it, Poland, black sites to do the torture.
Correct. But in this case, the movie, which was pitched directly to Kathryn Bigelow and Michael Boles, Two Suckers, and unfortunately the entire Academy,
and I reprimanded the Academy for being a pawn of the CIA and the intelligence community and basically the CIA at the expense of the American public as an office there,
where they pitched stories to people like Kathryn Bigelow, who's totally incorrect.
Yeah, they're writing the scripts, but let's expand on that. You wrote those articles at the time.
I probably should add you on, but just got lost in the shovel.
They've since admitted that Zero Dark Thirty is fake and the White House said it isn't true just to cover themselves when the CIA wrote the thing.
Right, correct. But the reason I said that is I'm the one who instigated on behalf of our intelligence community.
And the reason I'm saying that is in as much as I criticize our intelligence community, they are so self-destructive,
both our military intelligence, our CIA, and our other elements, that they were putting in jeopardy our assets,
which are real human assets all over the world, in jeopardy, as well as denigrating the reputation of our military.
Steel Team Six has nothing to do with the death of Osama bin Laden.
Steel Team Six is a disaster as an organization.
There were 14 of them that were involved when I was involved in the raid in Grenada who died and drowning.
The real teams that are involved in special forces are Delta 173.
There are all kinds of special units that work 24-7, but they have nothing to do with the Osama bin Laden story.
So, in effect, what happened was I initiated a protest very quickly to the intelligence community,
also to our legislators, to say cease and desist all of these issues before we go on and create another war.
So, what happened? Not only are we in a Spanish stance, and the president refuses to admit that we're going on there for the 11th year and selling $3 trillion for nothing.
There are no terrorists. The Haqqani Group and the Taliban are all created by us.
Zalmay Khalilzad had worked with the Taliban, the guy who worked for me, and Anil Khan, who was the deputy to Wolfowitz, along with Hamid Karzai,
who was a delicate person known as Silver Spring, and a man who had a history of bipolar illness,
and as his corruption for days long, is involved in the Trans-Afghanistan pipeline of Afghanistan,
and now the CIA wants to supply and is supplying weapons to Salafis.
So, what's happening politically that they're publicly unraveling the narrative with more fake narratives?
Is that meant to muddy the water? And why is Karzai coming out and saying the West runs Taliban and Al Qaeda in a staging terror attacks?
Why everywhere is the membrane of fraud popping? I mean, is there something behind that, or is it good people blowing the whistle? What does that signify?
What it signifies, Alex, is what you know. Compounding lies and compounding errors in the hands of incompetent, intelligent operatives like Brennan, Donnellan, the head of the National Security Council,
and particularly the President and Vice President Biden, whom Roger Ailes calls the stupidest thing since the ashtray, compounds itself into a disaster, and that's what's happening.
And unfortunately, the American public is now paying $3 trillion for the war, 500,000 people have been killed,
40% of our soldiers are committing suicide all because of a storyline that never happened with the Osama bin Laden that led to the war in Iraq, that led to the war in Pakistan,
that led to the war in Afghanistan, that led to the war in Syria, and now will lead to the war in Jordan, United Arab Emirates, and Saudi Arabia.
Well, that's another point. Why would they have Robert Gibbs come out and admit that he was ordered to lie about a drone program that was public, like the Washington Monument's public,
and then he said it's the Alice in Wonderland, he said, it's like the Wizard of Oz, I'm told to lie when the curtain's already open.
What's happening, Alex, is people who leave the government and are not longer paid by the government but are paid by lobbying have all the courage once they leave the government,
and we have soldiers and intelligence officers, unfortunately, for example, like Jennifer Treyes, who I thought would stand up and would really hold the line for the military CIA, and he lied.
Yeah, but didn't they bring him down because he wasn't playing ball with him, didn't they use that?
Well, they broke him down because he didn't know that Brennan was running an illegal operation of SOCOM or special forces which were off the books in Benghazi,
and using Benghazi, not as a consulate, there was no embassy there, but as a torture center and a relay station for heavy equipment into Syria, into the Syrian thugs who were funded by...
Let me ask you that question, what really happened in Benghazi now that we've got hindsight and you've got a lot of connections?
At that time, I wrote an article saying that that was my third military coup. My first one had to do with Nixon, where we basically had to take him out, and the second one with Bush Jr.,
where we took out Cheney's people and the neocons and we brought in Gates, and the third one was when we brought in Treyes to basically take over the civilians, and what happened there,
contrary to what the president lied again about, was the following. The head of AFRICOM, a general of AFRICOM, was decommissioned because he wanted to help the SEAL team that was ex-SEAL team,
but they were still part of our military for help. Then the head of our Navy military, 107th unit, our rear admiral, was decommissioned.
Eleven other naval officers were decommissioned, so what happened in effect was Brennan, the head of the counter-terrorism office from the White House,
had sent up a totally illegal unit in Benghazi bypassing Treyes, who was in fact in charge of all of this.
Treyes was blindsided, and without his knowing it, every military officer who was involved wanted to save our men, but they were told not to save them by Brennan and by the President of the United States and the Vice President,
and we had once again a criminal act committed by the President of the United States.
Was that to keep it compartmentalized because they don't want evidence of the heat-seeking missiles and things being given to al-Qaeda for Syria,
or were they getting rid of the ambassador because he was the guy that handled the weapons?
Well, the ambassador really was not handling the weapons. One of the guys who resigned was Eric Boswell, who I knew for 30 years,
a very professional State Department Assistant Secretary of Diplomatic Security.
As usual, Hillary lied, knew very well that Christopher Stevens, and with all due respect to the State Department,
really did not want any diplomatic security around him, but he was not in an official embassy.
The embassy he was in was really what we call a cut-out.
It was basically used for torture of al-Qaeda or suspected terrorists and for supplying of heavy weapons into Syria, and they couldn't admit that.
So Hillary lied, Obama lied, Treyes lied, Brennan lied.
Well, yeah, that zero dark 30 fable has Obama in it saying, we don't torture, and when everybody knows, it's just continued on.
I mean, just amazing amounts of BS.
Well, it's not just BS, my friend. What's happening now and why your audience is so important.
We have a president now who should be impeached for criminal war crimes.
There is no if, ands, and buts. According to the laws of the Nuremberg trial, according to Judge Robert Jackson,
to initiate a war of aggression is not only an international crime, it is the ultimate evil of all.
And for that, Judge Jackson indicted Nazi war criminals.
For that, our president, Biden, Brennan, Michael Hayden, who was in charge of our CIA and the National Security Agency,
when Osama bin Laden went down, should all be indicted for war crimes along with Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Cheney, Rumsfeld,
Balmain, Sandy Berger, Wolfowitz, Pero, Steve Hadley, all people I worked with, Dennis Ross, Scooter Libby, George Tannen of the CIA,
and David Worms, who I fired. This is not an if, ands, and buts.
What's happening, Alex, thanks to you and other people who really were courageous, not me.
I just came in to tell you what I knew, not because I'm brave, but because I'm a tired, angry American citizen
and soldier and intelligence operative and a dad who said, this is enough.
We are going through so many wars where we have lost the wars, our military is ineffectual, our intelligence is disastrous,
and we are paying a very high price in terms of the body mass and the money.
Sure, Doc, we got to go to break. We come back in the final segment of this hour.
You're saying you're getting heat put on you. Explain to me what that means.
I had your email here. I'm trying to find it in all the stacks of paper.
Dr. Steve Pechenik, a very famous quiet spy master, I guess you could call him,
brought down governments, you name it, psychiatrists and a bunch of other degrees,
and what, like the equivalent of a colonel in the Navy. We'll be right back.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day.
If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better.
You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared.
For years, we've told you about our friends at eFoods Direct.
They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food on the planet.
This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight.
A long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost
and the availability of the one thing you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from eFoods Direct.
Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars
with free shipping on all food supplies.
Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared.
Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
Do you suffer from low-functioning adrenal or thyroid gland?
Did you know that mercury from your dental fillings comes off your teeth
both as a vapor and as metal particles into your body?
Wherever mercury deposits in your body, it stops cells from functioning normally.
Animal studies show that mercury causes kidney function to drop by 60%.
Mercury deposited into your adrenals or thyroid
will cause a corresponding drop in function.
The number one method by which your body detoxifies itself of mercury is glutathione.
The number one superfood that helps turn on all 75 trillion cells in your body
to produce glutathione is non-denatured whey protein from grass-fed cows.
After investigating most high-end whey proteins on the market,
only one is the most non-denatured, the most active, the most complete,
and, in our opinion, the most powerful
in what nature originally put into the fresh raw whey.
It is One World Whey.
Call 888-988-3325.
That's 888-988-3325.
Or visit OneWorldWhey.com.
That's OneWorldW-H-E-Y.com.
Hello, this is Ty Bollinger, author of the bestselling book,
Cancer Step Outside the Box.
I want you to know some very important information.
In 1985, President Ronald Reagan requested that Carnivora be sent directly to the White House
at a time when only the President could obtain this world-class healer.
Now, 27 years later, Carnivora capsules are used around the world to keep people healthy.
Now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in this age of superbugs
with 17 naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal cells only
without harming a single normal cell.
If you want to stay healthy, now's your chance to literally wake up your critical immune cells
to attack harmful invaders that don't belong in your body.
Call 1-866-VenusFly or order from Carnivora.com.
That's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A dot com.
That's 1-866-836-8735, 1-866-VenusFly or visit Carnivora.com.
Protect your immune system. It's the only one you've got.
What if I say I'm not like the others?
What if I say, am I just another one of your plays?
You're the pretender.
What if I say I will never surrender?
Dr. Steve Pacinik is our guest right now.
He says, this is in the email while we got him on.
Tell Alex the USG pressure is getting greater and greater on me
with their refusal to accept the Osama bin Laden lie.
I've now found out he does want this talked about.
It's getting to a whole new level of intensity between me and the intelligence community.
They are now using Peter Bergen, MI6, and nonsense about SEAL Team 6.
Yeah, we've got a CNN clip where, what do you call this tactic where they're caught in other lies?
So they, oh, that was wrong, but this story's right.
And then there wasn't a situation room photo.
It was fake. There wasn't live feeds.
No one saw the body thrown in.
They kicked like half the shift off so they could discredit him saying they didn't see it.
I mean, you could see the cover up going on here.
They're getting desperate.
What does this mean?
How are they putting pressure on you?
Well, the reason they're putting pressure on me is because I'm one of the original ones in counter terrorism.
Peter Bergen and the Anderson Coopers are all trained by the CIA.
And they've come in in the past 10, 15 years.
There's no history of Peter Bergen being in anything but MI6, CIA, and some nonsensical group.
At the same time, they know SEAL Team 6 for me was nothing more than a disaster and a false story.
What they tried to do was put pressure on me to recap the story while at the same time,
even on a member of the Association of Foreign Intelligence Operatives and the National Military Intelligence Association,
I'm saying that the members of my association, including Michael Hayden, who was our general in charge of the National Security Agency,
the CIA, and George Kenneth are criminals who basically created the Patriot Act, created the stand-down,
created the false flag, and allowed President Bush Jr., Cheney, Rumsfeld,
and the whole gang of neo-cons to get away with killing Americans.
Now, once that has to be proven and once that's stated and the American public understands it
and that the war in Iraq has been a disaster but we're going into another war in Syria,
they can no longer sustain the false story that they've created.
That's what I'm saying. They admittedly are running Al-Qaeda worldwide now.
I mean, I even had Ted Nugent on yesterday and he was like, yeah, they are.
But, I mean, it's just the whole narrative is out in the open now, their butts hanging out.
Correct. There is no real terrorist war.
What's happening is they're trying to justify the existence of 4,000 or 5,000 operators in the CIA
and operators in the military intelligence and 800,000 contractors with top secret security
and counter-terrorism that have no reason to exist whatsoever
because the military industrial complex is so strong.
But what's happening is...
But if I wanted to destroy the US intelligence network, and I'm certainly no spy expert, but common sense,
I would create, you know, 80,000, 800,000, whatever, private intelligence scripts with top secret clearances
and then you're automatically totally infiltrated.
Tens of thousands of Chinese known operatives from their government in the rocket systems.
I mean, they're trying to destroy America.
Well, the problem is nobody has to try because the CIA is so incompetent.
If Jimmy Carter really understood it and fired 4,000 CIA operatives, and I was in agreement with it,
that the CIA is so incompetent, particularly under Brennan now and particularly under Obama,
who has no strategic stance, no capability to manage, that they're self-destructing.
The problem is not them.
The problem is that the American public is paying trillions of dollars,
sending innocent men and women to die in places like Syria, Afghanistan,
and supporting a false government like Saudi Arabia where you have fat, lazy, incompetent individuals with no oil,
at the same time, Jordan, where you have a king who was created by the British, Abdullah,
who is nothing more than an MI6 operative, and you have, at the United Arab Emirates,
individuals who really just pump oil when we don't need any of that.
We have everything we need in terms of fracking, a net...
So the reason you're on air is you see them basically imploding America in their delusion,
and even from a corrupt perspective for the globalists, they're destroying their main command base.
It is insanity. We're going to come back with a little five-minute overdrive with you, Dr. Pechenik.
No problem.
Thank you, StevePechenik.com.
I want you to talk about what you predict is going to happen now,
because you really have been accurate in your predictions,
and why are they going after the guns and everything else, trying to start a civil war.
Stay with us, ladies and gentlemen.
We'll be right back, coming up with a bit of overdrive right here on the GCN Radio Network.
Introducing Pro One.
All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go.
No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride,
and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid.
Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic
with new Aquamedics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals,
all in one filter element.
It is the only one that does it, and out of the gates,
we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code WATER.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides,
herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid,
the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands,
and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro Pure with the new Pro One filters today at infowarskstore.com,
or by calling 888-253-3139.
Coast to coast, direct from Austin.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
Big Brother. Mainstream media. Government cover-ups.
You want answers? Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
You'll notice when Dr. Steve Pechenik is on,
he's talking directly to the establishment,
and believe me, they're listening.
And it's part of my duty as a person that loves my family
to stand up against what's happening,
and in this short little segment we've got left with you, Dr. Pechenik,
where is it all headed?
Obviously, proxy wars, Al Qaeda openly working for the West,
Russian proxy war there in Syria.
Where is it all going?
And then why are you so upset about it?
I mean, not only is it immoral and offensive,
but where does it lead us? Where does it go?
Where it leads us is really into a country where we're very self-destructive,
and most of Americans don't understand that.
We have a present president who should have been very different from Bush Jr.,
but really is a continuation and actually is quite worried.
We have been in more wars now underneath Obama
with Pakistan, Iraq, and now Syria.
We were going to get into the conflagration, which involves Lebanon,
United Arab Emirates, Syria, China, and Russia,
all because of our arrogance, ignorance, and a CIA that's totally out of control.
It first started with Petraeus and Hillary Clinton,
now it continues with Brennan.
Once we get into that conflict, we can't get out of it.
At the same time, it's bleeding out all of our economy into trillions of dollars
into hundreds and thousands of our innocent men and women who are serving
for reasons they don't understand.
They come back. It'll put a drain on our healthcare system.
We're destroying societies overseas.
We've killed over 400,000 innocent Iraqi Pakistanis and Afghanis.
We're going to kill another thousand of innocent Syrians, Lebanese,
and Christians and Muslims.
It has nothing to do with Israel.
So Al-Qaeda can take control and chop Christians' heads off?
Well, Al-Qaeda is nothing more than a group of guys that we created
under the Carter administration and is sponsored by the CIA, as is Taliban.
Taliban worked with Zalmay Khalilzad and Hamid Karzai, the UNICAL.
This is nothing more than a-
And again, why would Karzai now be coming out and admitting that?
Because Karzai has a problem in that he has not admitted anything.
He was put pressure on by me and others because I knew him when he was appointed
by Zalmay Khalilzad and a CIA asset and a scanning, and Karzai is so corrupt
and he's bipolar and mentally ill, there's no question about it,
that he's been a problem to every Secretary of State, every military official,
and he knows he's sitting on trillions of dollars of assets
that we in the United States want for 11 years.
But it's costing us our domestic economy.
It's costing us veterans.
It's costing us the recession.
It's costing us our ability to go forth and become a democracy.
We're destroying ourselves as a democracy for those things that we,
11 million of our veterans fought for in order to be honest, transparent,
and not to be criminals in the international real world.
Well, this is Agenda 21.
They want to shut everybody down.
What about the move to get our guns and start that fight
and the billions of bullets and the armored vehicles?
Well, I told you, and I didn't tell you, but you said it very clearly.
There's no question in my mind after I damaged Sandy Hook
that Sandy Hook was a total false flag.
There was no individual involved.
There wasn't a half-burger.
There wasn't 24 kids who were killed.
There was a woman by the name of Susan Collins
with a $600 million contract that writes about wars called 100 Games
and post-apocalyptic events, and she didn't say a damn word.
It's a place where I know very well because I trained in Greenwich, Connecticut.
The first responders of The New York Times said they had PTSD.
Well, they are the only ones I know who are Irish Catholic,
have PTSD, and had increased in union pensions because of the non-existent war.
Well, they also caught SWAT team people in the woods
and then said it never happened, though we have the video and now the arrest record.
It never happened, and the problem is we're having false flags repeatedly
with this president in order to justify expansion of executive power.
Listen, we're out of time, but are you coming on and saying it's a false flag's big?
When can you come back on this week or next week for a full hour?
I will come on any day you want, and every day as long as America understands,
we now have to fight.
We have to fight in different ways through the Internet, voting,
and we will not give up our guns.
We're going to put you on hold.
We will not give up anything.
Sure, stevepachanek.com.
Alex Jones here with infowars.com.
Amazing info.
I want to get you back on about Sandy Hook and other false flags and how to fight back
sometime this week or next week.
We'll set it up right now.
Thank you very much, Dr. Steve Pachanek.
I'm Alex Jones.
You talk about hardcore radio, this is it.
