Thank you for listening to GCN. Great Talk Radio starts here.
Ladies and gentlemen, I am your host Alex Jones and I want to thank you for joining us here today.
The magnitude of the information that we're going to be covering is undoubtedly the most off the chart,
out in the open, false flag event that I have personally ever seen.
We have caught them red handed and we're going to be analyzing and breaking all of this down today.
This is all coming up here on the broadcast.
I am going to attempt as best I can after the break when we come back to go over all the different facets of this,
but we saw a massive cover up yesterday within five minutes of us announcing.
We had the photos and videos of what looked like Navy SEALs along with what looked like Saudi Arabians
and what looked like good old boy patsies.
They were preparing to set up all the black backpacks.
CNN looked completely panicked during the break and said, oh, now there's been an arrest.
There's going to be a press conference at five.
But then they figured out, wait, now when we show the photos that Jones has, then everyone's going to say,
well, what about all these other people?
And I even predicted on air because I know how they operate.
I even predicted on air that they would then cancel the press conference and be put into disarray
because they have to now go to another plan.
I want to explain something.
You've got guys with Navy SEAL hats on that look like Navy SEALs with police before and after the bombing,
right up at the finish line, right next to Saudi Arabians with black backpacks, what looked like Saudi Arabians
and good old boys with backpacks.
And you've got them saying remain calm.
We have witnesses that have proven that.
We know there was a drill they were using to cover this up.
The Navy SEALs are standing around like they don't know what to do
and they've got their black bags on their phones waiting to be told what to do.
They were just there to add confusion.
I am not accusing the Navy SEALs of being involved in this.
This is how standard operating procedure goes for criminal networks.
They call a drill from the top.
The agencies show up so that if their own operatives within get caught, they just say, oh, it's part of the larger drill.
So all of that and more is coming up today.
You've had an emergency meeting with the Saudi foreign minister and Obama that was not on the schedule
with all sorts of sedans pulling up and freaking out.
You had them talking about deporting a Saudi who was arrested.
Oh, he's a suspect. We're going to deport him. Let's not.
And now you've got Janet Napolitano.
Here's the big news coming out this morning and the FBI and saying, okay, here's the photos.
They're not suspects because, you know, they actually catch them.
They don't and they want to just whitewash it and say, oh, they're not suspects with black backpacks
right where the backpacks were left minutes before the bombing.
No, they're not suspects, she said before Congress.
But we do we do want your help finding them.
This is almost a day after we show it. We say that's the main suspects.
And of course, I got attacked by neocons. I'm not going to give them any attention.
But you know who they are, that I'm crazy. Yeah, I'm crazy.
Like a big old red fox with a white tail, buddy. Yeah, that's how crazy I am.
I mean, this is this is two plus two equals four, though.
I mean, Mama didn't raise a fool. I didn't fall off a turnip truck last.
Yeah, I was born in the dark, but it wasn't last night.
Every other old Texas cliche.
But this is a no brainer if you study false flags, staged events.
By the way, Adan Salazar has a article coming up at Infowars.com
showing the analytics from Google on false flag.
It is one of the top terms in America right now.
People looking up what a false flag is.
Harry Reid freaked out and said, how dare you say it's a false flag?
They're panicking. They know more and more people are looking at them.
And I was just watching the governor and all them soaking up
like acting like rock stars loving the attention right now at the memorial service.
It's truly disgusting.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial law
have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold and weapons.
But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria,
viruses, moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life,
making it the number one choice of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared,
go to SupernaturalSilver.com, use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order
and like us on Facebook.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans,
here is the Cal Ben Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good
as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps
for all your cleaning needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers.
The prognosis for the entire planetary economic system runs from bad to worse.
The globalist model is to shut down societies and starve patriots out
until they acquiesce to the global takeover.
That's why we've assembled the most vital and important preparedness items
at infowarshop.com.
These are items that I did research on, that I personally use.
You've got the LifeStraw so you can turn fetid water into safe water anywhere you go.
The Ktor Handcrank Generator to charge up key equipment during power outages
or out in the field.
Strategic Relocation Third Edition by Joel Skousen.
When Disaster Strikes by Matthew Stein.
TheraSafe used by Homeland Security to protect yourself during any radiological event.
Handcrank shortwave AM-FM radios.
Everything that we've researched and found to be the best is available at infowarshop.com
and your purchase makes our Infowars possible.
We're getting prepared.
Are you?
infowarsshop.com
Crashing through the lies and disinformation.
It's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Nobody rides for free.
Nobody rides for free.
Nobody rides for free.
Nobody rides for free.
Nobody rides for free.
Ladies and gentlemen, it is Thursday, the 18th day.
The day before.
The real Patriots day.
The day before Lexington and Concord.
And we are broadcasting worldwide.
I am your guest.
I am your host, Alex Jones.
We do have some guests coming up.
Max Keyes is going to be joining us at the bottom of the next hour.
And we are going to be breaking down all of the massive news that has been unfolding on
the Second Amendment front with a fertilizer factory up by Waco, exploding spectacularly
and killing between 10 and 70 people.
There's different numbers coming out.
Incidentally, there's a big statewide drill going on yesterday and today there with helicopters
and ambulances and everything at the nearby hospital.
But probably just fertilizer catching on fire and exploding.
So all of this is obviously important.
But the magnitude of what we are about to cover here today is of undoubtedly, undoubtedly
is the culmination of 18 years of my work so far.
This is the culmination.
This is everything we've been working towards, everything we've been building towards to
have a platform to be able to expose false flag staged events when they happen.
That is everything that I have been working for as hard as I can.
And that's why I've been criticized so much because power structures out there want to
be able to provocateur events, wind up patsies, wind up mentally ill people, stage events,
allow events to happen.
Different types.
And even though this is a historical well-known fact and is in mainline history books on intelligence
operations, Operation Gladio, Ajax, Gulf of Tonkin, Northwoods, the list goes on and on.
The NATO option, Hitler and the Reichstag, Operation Himmler, Operation Gleiwitz.
Gleiwitz was part of Operation Himmler.
I mean, look this up.
There's Pulitzer Prize winning books on Nuremberg about this.
Shearer's Rise and Fall, the Third Reich.
You may have heard of it.
And I get up here and say, hey, this is what goes on.
This is what happens.
So I think the best way to go over this today is to start at the beginning of what happened.
Anonymous, and that's all they want to be known as.
Anonymous has contacted us as well.
And it is the I mean, a real group affiliated with a white hat anonymous and said, have
you seen this data dump of photos and videos?
This shows what appears to be Navy SEALs.
And that was one of the data dumps I hadn't even gotten to yet.
And I saw it was Navy SEALs.
And it shows what looks like Saudi nationals.
And it shows what looks like the patsies.
And sure enough, it's dead on analysis.
It shows the redneck patsies.
And that's how intelligence operations work.
The feds had Iraqis.
They had German intelligence.
They had special forces people like McVeigh.
And all this was caught on 17 surveillance cameras.
And later FBI agents went public in the LA Times and said, we've seen the confiscated
17 VHS tapes from the surrounding YMCA and others.
And the one from the federal building right above the Ryder truck.
It was McVeigh with six other men.
And then we've identified who those six other men are by name.
Justice Department, ATF people, and a famous German intelligence agent of their counterterrorism
unit, who was then positively identified by police officers we've interviewed.
And Jane Graham, who was also in HUD, and actually saw them planting bombs because she
would use one of the side entrances for exercise to go up the stairs.
But we've had her on before.
The point is she would use the stairs to go in and out.
And the day before, saw them planting the gray butter.
And they're like, we're just doing some phone work.
And she was struck by how handsome one particular gentleman was in the black cowboy hat.
And that's why she locked eyes with him for quite a bit.
And she was thunderstruck.
I mean, women are attracted to powerful, aggressive men.
And so she was kind of thunderstruck and really locked on.
And they're like, you can go on now, honey.
We got something for you tomorrow, though.
And again, we know the names.
We know who the people are.
The FBI came in to Don Browning, the head of the K-9 unit.
He was one of the officers that first responded and said, you and your wife are going to get
killed if you don't shut your fat mouth, Browning.
Of course, Terrence Yakey, cop of the year, he saved a bunch of people.
Big black linebacker guy, carried him out on his back.
They killed him.
And he called his partner and said, I got feds behind me.
And I'll see you back at the storage shed.
I've got the material.
And they told Yakey, I've talked to his family.
They said, we're going to kill you if you don't shut up.
And they tortured him really bad, tortured him to death.
And of course, that's the Justice Department.
That's basically the same people that are in charge today.
And they're not playing games.
So let me explain something.
What we're covering here is unprecedented in American history because of the high technology
we've got now.
They're still following an old game plan.
And I want to explain something.
They monitor this show.
That's on record.
Five minutes after we broke this yesterday at noon central, high noon, I walked out and
had three TVs on, two in here and one in the pantry, in the break room.
And I watched CNN and MSNBC, the reporters while their guests were talking, getting messages
in their ears.
And I saw the adrenaline rush, like when you catch burglars in your house or something.
And I knew what was about to come out of their mouth.
And I ran back in here and I said, watch this.
And I knew what they were gonna say next out of their mouth, cuz live time they were listening
to us.
It's five minutes later.
And Blitzer goes, they've now arrested a suspect and they've got photos.
They're gonna be releasing photos very soon.
And I went on air and I said, I just saw them freak out.
They're going to release photos.
But I said, if they're smart, I guess they were listening to that.
They actually won't, cuz now we're gonna be able to point out everybody else in the other
photos, the Navy SEALs, the Saudis that were getting ready to go with the good old boy
angle.
The media run by the White House, MSNBC, Media Matters, all of them, had already come out
and said, it will be a white person.
It's a lone wolf.
Janet Napolitano had said that, Axelrod, the fix was in.
And ladies and gentlemen, we blew their op.
And I'm sitting there with the bumper music already playing to come in here.
Paul Watson's waiting.
And I'm looking at that TV.
Guys, you can use the internal camera in there if you wanna aim at the TV and show people.
I'm looking at that TV with it turned up, standing there as the bumper music's playing.
And I know what's about to come, I know what Blitzer's being told.
This is incredible.
This is beyond a movie.
And sure enough, he says right out of his mouth, well, they've got some photos of some
of the suspects right there near the finish line.
They're gonna be releasing, they need our help with.
And then by the next break, they talked about the arrest.
They were like, well, let's hurry up then and just roll out our John Doe number one,
the redneck.
But see, then they went, no, you can't do that.
Everyone's already got the photos.
Yeah, that's the computer screen.
It's up above it, the TV that we have news on.
I wanna show people that so they understand what's going on.
So I'm watching this in live time, and then I go on air and I say, I predict they're gonna
cancel the press conference.
And I predict they'll wait to release stuff.
And then now they'll jump and come out with the Saudis when they do.
And sure enough, they've now flipped it, cuz on Oklahoma City, they were gonna either blame
Iraqis or patriots.
They always like to have it all there.
And state police arrested Iraqis, they were trying to get out of the country with wiring
and stuff in their bag at the airport.
Iraqis that have been brought in by Clinton, that's mainstream news, look it up, 3,000
Iraqi former intelligence people who'd really already been trained by the West in the 80s.
They were just coming home.
It's just off the chart.
You're seeing like a spy movie on air right now.
That's what's going on here.
This is just completely and totally unprecedented in the history of media.
Anonymous sends us this info, and then the disinfo ops come out and say, well, maybe
the government wanted this stuff out.
This stuff had been out on Twitter and Facebook for days.
We went yesterday and took the images that Anonymous sent us and that Watson discovered
and we're now in contact with them.
We took the images, ran it through a Google image search to find where they originally
came from.
It will show you the originator, for those that don't know, that's been out for a couple
of years.
And we found the Facebooks in places where people had just uploaded this.
So they went out, probably intelligence people that don't like what's happening, grabbed
all this, sent it to us and said, here it is, okay, Jones?
And then we put it out and then Drudge picked it up and it was all over.
The beginning of the collapse of the cover up then began last night when Drudge linked
to us.
I went and took a few hours of sleep, woke back up at midnight, Drudge had it up.
And it is just explosive across the Internet.
And now you watch the body language of these people on TV and at the memorial service,
they are completely and totally freaked out.
And they should be, because here's the deal.
City meeting with the Saudi foreign minister.
They announced they're gonna deport, now they're all freaking out this Saudi who was there,
but saying he's not a suspect.
Now they're having to show what looks like the Saudis.
You watch, it's gonna be Saudis.
Now they're freaking out about that and saying, well, they're not suspects, but we wanna know
cuz they have to, cuz everybody on the Internet's already seen this.
Okay, so you got all that.
And by the way, the shape in the back of that guy's bag is the exact design of the type
of pressure cooker in the company it put out.
There's also online comparisons to the pressure cooker.
There's actually shots that show, you can see where the lid of the pressure cooker is
sticking out at the back of the bag, it's the exact shape of those pressure cookers.
I mean, this is unbelievable, and they were gonna blame gun owners yesterday.
They were gonna have their press conference, they were gonna roll out the patsy.
Let's see the patsy, it was actually two of them.
Let's see the Beavis and Butthead central casting, achy breaky heart, lookalike mullet
guy who's also got a backpack that matches the one that actually exploded with the strap.
And let me explain how, and you've got guys hiding in doorways with black bags at the
finish line that look like special ops.
You've got the good old boys, there's your patsy, undoubtedly that's the guy.
In my analysis, they had at the courthouse that they'd already arrested, they were gonna
roll out, probably drugged up out of his mind.
Probably the guy you see running away by the body features with his clothes half blown
off, poor guy got set up.
And they were gonna roll him out yesterday, but didn't, then they had to evacuate the
courthouse to get the press out to take this guy out the back door, and he's probably in
a cement shoes right now.
So this is unbelievable, ladies and gentlemen, we have blown a major new world operation
sky high.
Oh my, it's unbelievable.
For those who know the benefits of silver, for those who know the healing history of
silver, and for those who want to be prepared, now there's silver gauze, a nylon elastic
wrap with silver bonded to each individual fiber.
Silver gauze is a long lasting, washable, and reusable must have for any emergency kit.
Get yours today at silvergauze.com, spelled silver, g-a-u-c-e.com.
Silver gauze is what your emergency kit is missing.
Hi, this is Ted Anderson.
Have you ever wondered why banks, stock workers, investment advisors won't talk about gold
IRAs?
They've been available since 1986, yet the financial industry won't recognize the value
of gold for your retirement.
Gold is outperformed paper investments, yet no word about IRAs.
If you would like to have gold for your retirement, call 800-686-2237.
Don't get left behind by rising inflation and low returns, call 800-686-2237.
Secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
Gardeners, here comes another growing season, but don't use last year's soil.
Maximize yields in your survival garden with EM1 from Terriganics.
EM1 is an organic soil conditioner, fertilizer amendment, and compost accelerant that provides
a broad spectrum of beneficial microorganisms, enzymes, trace minerals, vitamins, and various
organic acids.
EM1 helps regulate the soil's pH level and its soil microbes, improving moisture retention
and drought tolerance.
Remember, last year's dry conditions?
EM1 from Terriganics is safe, chemical-free, and certified for use on all organic farms.
It improves plant quality, size, color, flavor, and gives up to 20% more nutrient value in
fruits and vegetables, and greatly increases shelf life.
And EM1 is so simple to use, just mix with water and apply.
This year, prepare your crisis garden for maximum yields with EM1 from Terriganics.com.
Order now at Terriganics.com, or call toll-free, 866-369-3678.
Terriganics, life's getting better.
In the last two years alone, the U.S. has seen huge losses to our food supply.
In 2011, storms and floods raged across the U.S., costing us $20 billion in lost crops
alone.
In 2012, we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years.
You may think out of sight, out of mind, and so you don't think you will be affected.
The fact is, you are.
We all are.
Food shortages drive prices up for everyone.
You might not be able to control Mother Nature, but you can control your food prices by freezing
the cost and availability of your food supply with eFoods Direct.
Be prepared before you need it with nutrient-dense food you can store for up to 25 years.
You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you.
Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best, durable foods out there from
eFoods Direct.
Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at eFoodsDirect.com and check out their spring
specials.
That number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
In an emergency situation, would you drink contaminated water?
You could if you have the amazing LifeStraw from MyPatriotSupply.com.
LifeStraw is the most advanced personal water filter available today.
It filters contaminated water from almost any source.
LifeStraw is lightweight and compact, perfect for hiking, camping, or in an emergency like
a flood.
LifeStraw is easy to clean, comes with a one-year warranty, and has been used worldwide since
2005.
Get the amazing LifeStraw personal water filter at MyPatriotSupply.com, plus check out Survival
Seed Vault, 20 seed varieties for only $37.95, Tatler canning lids, long-term storable foods
as low as $69.95, and much more at MyPatriotSupply.com.
Enjoy stress-free shipping on all orders over $49.
Call 866-229-0927 or visit MyPatriotSupply.com, that's 866-229-0927, MyPatriotSupply.com,
for emergency preparedness, self-reliance, and food independence.
Alex Jones here back live.
You know, I don't want an apology from all the neocon talk show hosts that have attacked
us.
I just want to save our country, and so that's why it's important I point out we've been
right.
I confirmed we were attacked yesterday by you-know-who, the other big host that lives
in Texas, even though today he's basically reporting what we said.
Michael Savage reported on this and rightfully exposed, it looks like a false flag, with
his guest in collars yesterday, so good job to Michael Savage.
And again, it's not that I mind being attacked personally, that's just because, like Michael
Savage said when he was on, he's going to come back on soon, that the lead sleigh dog,
you know, has the other ones barking at his butt.
He said a little bit different than that, but that's what's happening.
But I don't care about being the lead sleigh dog, and I don't like it, quite frankly.
I'd rather have everybody get what's happening, we talk about it, we expose the fact that
government is provocateur-ing and staging events to take our liberties, and that that's
a historical fact.
And so even when they're real events, don't let them take your rights, because they're
only going to use it to enslave you.
Because I just want my children to have a future, and I have tried to put out the olive
branch towards the neo-con conservatives, and most of them have accepted it.
But you know what, I am just blown away right now, at what I ended up hearing yesterday
and what Tim Fruge told me he heard.
And then today, they say, oh, it's a cover-up for the Saudis, yeah, with Navy Seals everywhere
and good old boys they were going to set up, I mean we've now found about 20 people with
big black backpacks with earpieces and lanyards around their necks directing the police.
I mean, you got guys everywhere with black backpacks, there's the Saudis right there
with good old boys with bombs, those are the Patsies clearly.
It's a setup, a bunch of people got killed and maimed, and we've got high def video and
photos of it all at the finish line, crawling with Navy Seals, wearing Navy Seal hats.
That's how dumb they think you are.
And again, they're gonna say I'm saying the Navy Seals did it, no, they're standing there
on walkie talkies and phones, we've got videos of them, you name it, the bomb goes off, they're
there with the police trying to save people.
But they're all there part of the drill that they were announcing was going on, that's
now been confirmed.
And then they come on and go, we've caught the guy, and then no, we haven't, and then
the media is not, well, why did you say you caught him then?
Or why did you shut down the courthouse where you said you had him?
The media is all waiting to see the guy, and everybody get out, there's a bomb threat at
the very courthouse, cuz they didn't want the media seeing where that guy went.
The central casting redneck, I mean, the guy looks like a cross between an East Texas hillbilly
and an Appalachian West Virginia hillbilly, and then he's got somebody else with him that's
clearly his handler.
And remember, folks, I said before all this happened yesterday, I said, you watch, they're
gonna come out and say the Saudis are the people with these photos.
And then a day later, the photos we break that we show you, and the drudge amplifies,
Homeland Security comes out and says, here's the person of interest, and it's the very
stills and photos we showed you yesterday.
And no media gives us credit instead of making fun of us and attacking us, all the George
Soros outfits are attacking us, media matters run by the White House is attacking us.
And Glenn Beck is, mercilessly, while doing limited hangout damage control saying it must
be the Saudis.
So that's the credit you get for breaking the biggest story any time I could ever imagine.
And again, I don't even wanna do this dangerous breaking of the story.
But God is on our side.
Sam Badandi, our East Coast reporter, makes it into the press conferences, brings up false
flag.
It's been in the top three search terms the last two days running.
In fact, guys, if you go to mfallwars.com, Adan Salazar's article's up and shows the
Google Analytics, false flag, one of the top terms in the country.
Harry Reid's saying, you conspiracy theorists worried about false flags in his speech yesterday,
we're gonna play that.
They are absolutely panicking right now.
Yeah, that's great, guys, but he has, in his article, he has the Google Analytics that
shows the last three days as it grew up to this giant spike, Adan Salazar, mfallwars.com,
prisonplanet.com.
So again, this is part of an awakening of America that's happening.
When we come back, I'm gonna play the high def, high quality audio now that we have the
original tape, not just what was caught live on the news, of our reporter bringing it up.
And you watch the body language of the relaxed, calm governor, the police chief, the feds,
the ATF.
As soon as he says, what about false flags and the drill?
Everyone has an adrenaline rush, turns, and see, that's a criminal response.
That's what police do when they walk up, and I'll calmly say, hey, you know, kids, anything
about beer taken out of golf carts?
And then they see the kids jolt.
It's that real, this is basic police work, folks, they all jolt, whoa, the drill, false
flag?
No, the governor, no, his eyes all light up, no, next question, and they all start shaking.
We're on national TV, cuz if you could guarantee the governor wasn't there with the plunger,
he didn't know what happened.
He just knows there's a drill, don't worry Homeland Security is explaining it to him
right now.
You know, they won't release the people out of the hospital unless they've already been
briefed and stuff, they pulled an army runner out of the race.
We're gonna come back and break down what this means, what it signifies, that their
whole operation's been blown right now, and what are they probably gonna do next?
This could bring them down.
We're on the march, the empire's on the run, Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms, but if you don't have a home security
system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out Simply Safe, it's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to GetSimplySafe.com.
Simply Safe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit, or shed.
GetSimplySafe.com.
Simply Safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no
need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but Simply Safe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com.
Introducing Pro1, all of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go.
No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolicic
acid.
Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one
filter element.
It is the only one that does it, and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off
with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia, and chlorine.
Phosphoric acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands,
and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro Pure with the new Pro1 filters today at Infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
You may be arrested and or subject to other police action.
Tyranny is here.
The grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality.
It really says that the state is God.
The United States is now recognized globally as one of the most impressive police states
on earth.
This film conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps now being
expanded nationwide.
This documentary exposes how the continuity of government program has established an all-powerful
shadow state.
Police state four chronicles the sickening depths to which our republic has fallen.
Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship, body scammers, sound cannons,
citizen spies, staged terror, and cameras on every street corner.
It's only the beginning of the new world order's hellish plan.
The police state isn't coming.
It's here.
Secure your copy today at Infowars.com or see it online in the highest quality at PrisonPlanet.tv.
Crashing through the lies and disinformation, it's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
There's no doubt, ladies and gentlemen, that this republic and our liberties and our freedoms
are in the danger zone, but it's always been my intention knowing about the globalist program
to build an operation, a resistance, and a core of people that are aware of the globalist
program and are aware of its tricks to challenge them.
And then in the time of greatest threat, we'll have a core group, cadres, in every town and
city that know what to look for so that we can expose their operations.
And now every false flag they have, our operatives, which are just liberty-loving people, are
there.
We catch the government getting the underwear bomber on the plane, blow that operation for
them.
It even came out in Congress a month and a half after we broke it and told you here with
the eyewitnesses.
It's the same thing with this operation.
It's the same thing with so many others.
The truth is, in this universe, good actually has the advantage if you'll take the field.
Providence smiles on you.
But if you don't fight it, if you don't take the steps, then you'll never defeat evil.
And people have just decided, you're evil, you're wearing a uniform, you're the government,
you're Wolf Blitzer, you're Chris Matthews.
I have a clip coming up of MSNBC saying the Second Amendment did the bombing.
You're like, that doesn't make sense.
Well, saying if you don't support Obamacare, you're racist doesn't either.
They're trying to dumb the whole debate down to saying, hey, there is no Family Guy episode
where they bomb the Boston Marathon, which there is.
By the way, I looked this up this morning and it completely blew me away at Don Salazar's
posting it.
Did you know that the marathon ended, the tape ended at, what is it, 666 Boyd Street?
And we'll put that up.
Boylston Street, 666 Boylston Street.
I mean, just the weirdness of all of this.
And it's so many times stuff like this happens.
That's the psychopaths leaving their little calling card for you right there.
And again, not everything is a conspiracy, but big, massive events like this.
You better believe, you better believe they're orchestrated.
Now, let's go to the false flag article.
Can you guys put the false flag article up that Don Salazar just posted at Infowars.com?
Let's show TV viewers, if you're a radio listener, just go to Infowars.com.
There is, over the last nine years of Google Analytics, the top search terms for false
flag.
Going back to what, 2003 or so.
So you can see there on the graph, it is 100 times the number of people roughly are searching
it that have ever searched it before.
100 times the people are searching false flag than they did before.
And Harry Reid, when he got mad about not being able to ban our guns in the Senate,
vowed to reintroduce more bills.
And don't worry, they'll get some more drugged up patsies wound up right now to teach you
that it's your fault.
But he said, how dare the black helicopter crowd talk about false flags.
And other globalists are talking about false flags now.
They are panicking because the idea that hey, who else could be involved?
Not just who you tell me could be involved, you've got a history of being involved.
And don't Stonewall us on this, you stand to gain from this.
And why are there these videos and photos of rednecks with black backpacks looking suspicious?
Of Saudis with black backpacks looking suspicious?
Middle Eastern men clearly, they look like Saudis to me, the phenotype or whatever you
call it.
And you've got what are Navy SEALs?
It's not just the gray, not just the tan pants, the tan combat boots, the black shirts.
I mean, it's the bearing, I've seen Navy SEALs, they look just like Chris Kyle.
It's an exact type they go for.
You go watch Zero Dark Thirty, that's what the SEALs look like.
I mean, they go for a certain type, and they're all there crawling all over it.
They are crawling all over it, hiding in doorways with black backpacks, directing the police.
We have video of what looks like about a 50-year-old SEAL in the same outfit directing police right
after the bombing.
We've got what looks like, that guy looks like an old grizzled 50-year-old Green Beret.
I just learned the looks of these guys from their eras.
That guy looks like Delta Force or something, crouching there with a big black backpack
right before the bombs go off.
I mean, you've got guys everywhere with black backpacks, spec ops, with just all this stuff
going on, and they did not want this out.
That's why they pushed up their timeline and announced the arrest, but then figured out
that wasn't gonna work, cuz they're not just gonna roll out the good old boy.
And now I looked at Janet Napolitano, she looked like a deer in the headlights, like
she was completely freaked out and on methamphetamine today during the congressional hearing, where
she said, we do have two photos of men of interest, the photos we showed you yesterday.
I'm gonna say that again.
You know the New York Times or CNN or Fox News said, hey, look at these photos we found.
Don't these look suspicious?
They'll show you a guy on the roof all day and say, who is it, who could it be?
Because there it's all blurred and you can't tell.
But for a day, there are these photos and videos and none of them will show it until
the government says, now it's okay to show this.
And they show you some photos that we already showed you.
And no one gives us credit, instead there are hundreds of hit pieces saying I'm crazy
and dangerous yesterday and today.
You know why I'm crazy and dangerous?
Because I've got my head screwed on, ladies and gentlemen, and I'm not stupid.
And you're not stupid either.
I know it's scary to admit this to yourself.
I understand it's easier just to be in denial.
But come on, I'm the one that's publicly up here tip of the spear doing all this.
The least you can do is speak up for us, promote our links, our videos, what we're doing so
that if I get destroyed, it isn't in vain.
Cuz I'm not afraid of being killed.
I'm not afraid of being tortured.
I'm not afraid of being politically destroyed and called names and ridiculed because I care
about the future and my children.
That is a male instinct to not care when you know you're right and to feel sorry for the
people that attack you.
And it does hurt me.
It does hurt me when even though we broke all this, mainline big talk show hosts who
claim they're libertarian are attacking me because it hurts me for my children.
I need those people to not be bad operatives probably now and to stand up for America and
put this news out.
Cuz if this news was put out by Glenn Beck, instead of limited, it's Saudis, Obama's covering
up for Saudis, which is going on.
That's part of it.
If he went, why are there Navy Seals?
Why are there people in doorways?
Why do they have black backpacks?
Who are these good old boys whose backpack matches the bomb that went off?
They have the shot of the shattered black backpack with the same black, same silver
stripe, all of it.
Of the guys that were right there where the bombs went off, and it looks like the Patsy
when you see the explosion, he runs with his clothes half blown off like a cartoon character.
When Yosemite Sam has the bomb go off, that's what it really looks like when a bomb goes
off close to you.
You see him running, probably set up.
That's probably their suspect.
They had him at the courthouse.
They were gonna roll him out and they canceled it.
And again, this is not my speculation.
I told you yesterday that these are the photos of the Saudis.
And then now today, it's in congressional hearings, the photos of the Saudis.
Now are you gonna listen to me?
Because I am immersed in this.
This is all I do.
I went to bed yesterday at about seven, went and saw my children, went to bed, woke up
at midnight, went back to work.
And while I dreamed, I was working out these problems in my head.
I was at work while I was sleeping, totally concentrating, and I'm not even trained to
do this.
They can train people to do this.
My dad took a course on it in college, was actually able to control his dreams and do
homework on his dreams and stuff.
But the point is, I was working while I was asleep on this, okay?
I've been on video editing projects before that are real long and hard, and you start
doing the video editing in your mind when you're asleep.
The point is, is that I eat, drink, and sleep this.
That's where that term comes from.
I eat, drink, and sleep this.
And now I need to be able to settle down.
I need to be able to have a break today, and I'll probably be able to do that by the nightly
news.
I'll be home for about an hour.
That's why a psychologist will have you lay on a couch, cuz you can get reflective and
think.
I need to go lay on a couch in my office for about an hour, and I need to think about what
they're gonna do next and what they're thinking about and what they're planning.
That's what I have to do, because right now I'm so focused on this.
So two days ago, a congressional bipartisan commission said there was a systematic order
of torture, including children, by Bush and by Obama, and a deliberate attempt to cover
it up and continue to order the military to engage in hardcore Class A felonies.
Punishable by death, by the way.
That is the punishment for torturing people to death, including children.
The Army report, again, came out 2006, the Tugumbu report.
Its own government's report admitted the torture of children until death, unto death in front
of their parents.
And see, the government right now is having a come to Jesus moment, cuz they all play
it being tough.
They all play it being evil.
They all play it doing hardcore stuff, but becoming evil to guard good and that old Machiavellian
lie of guard the truth with lies and be more evil than the devil to protect good.
You don't protect good, you become the devil.
And you lose providence when you do that.
You lose God's hedge of protection.
It's a curse on our land to have these leaders.
And people are looking at their grandkids right now, and they're looking at where all
this is going, and they're figuring out they're gonna be destroyed in this as well.
No one's getting out of this.
No one gets away with this stuff.
Mao was basically taken out at the end.
His wife was locked up in prison.
Even the communist Chinese didn't like him killing between 65 and 84 million people.
How do you are gonna get away with this?
I mean, it's a law of human instinct that your own people are gonna start turning against
you.
And again, he's a Star Wars analogy like Darth Vader throwing Emperor Palpatine down the
reactor shaft.
You are not going to get away with this.
You need to understand that.
And later, at the start of the next hour, I wanna talk to the globalist.
I thought about this this morning in a moment of clarity.
I have a message to the globalist that we're gonna be going over and getting to.
Coming up at the start of the next hour, the next cause is gonna pop in with us on some
other issues.
But really, there is no other issue but this.
And again, they don't want these photos out.
People keep believing that we can't win.
People keep believing that the enemy is superhuman and impossible to beat.
Good people are smarter than evil people.
When we stop being naive and foolish and turn our minds towards understanding the enemy.
And all you've got to do is put yourself in their shoes and what they've done in a Pavlovian,
pathological way in the past.
Because criminals are obsessive if they're anything.
Psychopaths, sociopaths, masochists, sadists, these people are all pathological.
You wonder why the culture is so dark, so evil, even though it doesn't even get ratings
now.
They still keep pushing the most evil stuff that you can imagine.
You wonder why all that is going on.
That's because they're showing you what they like.
They're trying to make our world like their world.
But you have a show like the Bible with 15, 20 million viewers on cable when nothing gets
even 2 million viewers.
People are hungry for wholesomeness.
They're hungry for good and we're force fed.
It's like the golden child, another great analogy where the demons trying to feed the
golden child, the sacrifice kid's blood in the oatmeal because he believes if he can
corrupt him, that's an archetype, an allegory, then they'll be able to kill him.
They can't kill him because he's so pure.
It's the same thing.
They need to corrupt you because once they've got you corrupted, they can bring you down.
Then they have access to trespass against you.
All you got to do is pray to God to give you providence and to give you protection.
And even if you don't believe in this, all the medical studies show prayer really works
for whatever reason.
Maybe it's maybe maybe if you're a secular, it's giving your brain a command.
You're guardian angels around you.
Maybe you don't believe in that, even though every culture has near death or death experiences
and sees the same thing.
A biblical type event, even with villages that have never seen TV, don't know the Christian
narrative, they have that same event.
Even if you don't believe in that, the brainwaves you put off around others, once you believe
you have guardian angels, the guardian angels are basically there.
And I don't mean to get off into mumbo jumbo.
That's not what it is, ladies and gentlemen, but but it's real.
I have guardian angels and the new world order cannot kill me unless God decides it's time
for me to die.
You understand that I cannot be killed until God decides and my whole life, incredible
things have happened.
And I'm just going to leave it at that.
And you know, you've had those things happen in your life as well.
You're supposed to just ignore that.
So that's why I don't have any fear.
My only fear is that I won't do a good enough job in this fight and that I won't perform
to the level that that that that God has has has destined me to that my flesh is weak.
My spirit is willing.
My flesh is weak.
My spirit is willing.
My flesh is weak.
My spirit is willing.
My flesh is weak.
And I ask God to strengthen my spirit so that I can overcome my flesh.
And we are entering the ultimate time in our history.
Let me go to this Dan Badani press conference from the night of the event.
From the night this is from the night of the event of the Boston Marathon.
And this is this is the this is Dan Badani.
And you see it from his perspective at the camera with the governor and the police commissioner
and the mayor and the and the ATF had all looking at him like they want to kill him
instantly.
See, if in criminology, if somebody doesn't doesn't recognize what you're saying, I've
had cops question me before and FBI Secret Service and they're watching to see when they
show me something, if I automatically recognize it and they're sitting there watching to see
if I have to remember it.
That's basic police work.
And the minute Badani ask him, they jolt when he says the drill and the false flag and their
eyes all come alive and they swing around and start, start, you know, I mean, guilty
as sin, guilty as a pig.
And you know what?
Now, it doesn't mean they did the bombing.
It means they know about the drill.
They've been told, shut up.
And the governor, the governor looks what goes from being the fake smiley guy like he
is at the memorial service to instantly battle mode.
His eyebrows go up, his teeth almost show, I mean, he's like if you walk up to somebody
that you have been killing kids and put them in their backyard, you go, hey, I found those
dead kids in your backyard, what?
And the guy runs out the door running through the wall.
You couldn't get the warrant to go in his backyard where you think the kids are buried,
but you just made him run.
Now you got him.
This is basic police work, ladies and gentlemen.
Badani goes up and says this to him, we're gonna come back and play it after the break.
The video's up on infoawards.com and they totally freak out.
They totally get scared, ladies and gentlemen, and of course there was a drill.
We have multiple witnesses and have reinterviewed one of the witnesses, a major track coach
of a major university.
He said they were on the roof, they had bags, they were all around, they were right there
saying don't worry at the start and the finish.
He's a track coach.
Then we have the video confirming just like Kurt Haskell said, a sharp dressed guy told
the airport security, you're gonna put him on the plane without a passport, I don't care.
And was so authoritative, they followed his order.
And it turned out it was an unnamed US intelligence agency that got the authorization of the Dutch
government in Amsterdam to get drugged out Mutallib on that aircraft.
Then they put out a green screen video of Mutallib that was totally fake, we proved
it.
This is how dumb they think you are.
They're just men like us that we're fighting.
They're men and women like us.
We can beat them if we have the will and if we have the courage and if we set ourselves
against them.
Look, I'm setting myself against you.
I'm not gonna sleep.
I'm gonna fight you as hard as I can and I call on the creator of the universe to give
me discernment.
And if it's God's will you be just defeated, then so be it.
And maybe it's God's will that just his people see the truth and the rest of the world's
in denial and accepts the delusion.
I mean, they got the Saudi ambassador in emergency meetings.
They're canceling things.
They're evacuating courthouses.
They are freaking out to cover this up.
We have caught them red handed in a false flag that we're gonna blame on gun owners.
You've heard about our MRE smorgasbord.
Now Long Life Food Depot introduces the most unique, safe and longest lasting way to stash
emergency food, the Eat Pod.
Most survival food products recommend an ideal storage environment, including low temps,
low moisture and low oxygen if you're storing in a basement too humid garages and attics
too hot.
But the waterproof double walled high density polyethylene patent pending eat pod is a unique
rollaway food bunker that creates the perfect conditions can be buried up to 30 feet and
can keep your survival food supply safe, secure, dry and virtually undetectable for 25 years
or more.
full details on the eat pod at eat pod.com spelled e at pod.com or call 800-601-2833.
That's 800-601-2833.
The Eat Pod from Long Life Food Depot since 1983, sending real food to your real future.
Is this the year you finally get serious about your family's drinking water?
If so, keep listening for a special offer from big Berkey water filters.
Did you know that over 60% of municipal water is fluoridated?
Berkey water filters distinguish themselves from many other filtration systems with the
capability to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine, fluoride, arsenic and disinfection
byproducts from municipal water via the black Berkey and PF line of filters.
Then there's affordability at only 1.7 cents per gallon.
Berkey water filters purify treated and untreated water, even stagnant pond water.
Stop and think how much money you could save by simply reducing buying bottled water and
using water filtered by your Berkey water filter.
No need to be constantly replacing expensive filters with a Berkey.
A single set of filters can last for five to 10 years.
Choose the best size Berkey for your needs at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
And right now, all GCN listeners get 5% off all ceramic filter systems.
Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY, that's 877-99-BER-KEY or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
Free shipping on every order over $50.
Big Berkey water filters, for the love of clean water.
Nothing is more American than diamond gusset jeans, 100% American made since 1987.
Soft and broken in from the start.
Yet more rugged and durable than any jean you've ever worn.
Have you ever experienced mis-sized jeans from China?
Well, you won't with diamond gusset.
Every pair is crafted to fit exactly the same and always feel like they were custom made.
Need a 35, 37 or 39 waist?
How about a 31 inseam?
We keep all sizes in stock for the fit you need.
Looking for a relaxed fit, slim fit, regular fit, boot cut or straight leg?
We got you covered.
Buy the world's best fitting jeans at gusset.com or call 1-888-8GUSSET.
Get free gusset targets for the next time you go to the shooting range with the purchase
of their new Ranger jean.
Use code comfort when ordering to receive free shipping and all gusset orders at gusset.com.
It's gusset.com to get only the best all-American jeans.
Everybody knows it was a false flag and Janet Napolitano, she knows that you know.
Everybody knows the war is over, everybody knows the good guys lost, everybody knows
the fight was fixed.
We are back live again.
Look at these headlines.
Obama meets with Saudi foreign minister.
They claim they discussed Syria, but this was not on the schedule.
That's unprecedented.
They evacuate the courthouse where they reportedly were going to be having a press conference
where they had the suspect.
But never mind, we don't have a suspect.
We don't have the person that did it, we were ready to announce.
Can't roll out the rednecks, can you?
You had the Saudis there, you had the rednecks, you had the Navy SEALs there, you had everybody
there with the black backpacks.
So in case any cops happen to find the bombs, you would just say it was a drill.
That's how you always do it.
And again, if I was those Navy SEALs, I'm gonna tell you right now, they're either with
Kraft International, people are saying that because it has the red Kraft symbol on the
death's head, or it's Blackwater who uses the same symbol.
But it's standard kind of plain dress that the SEALs wear, and it's SEALs, and experts
are picking it up saying, yes, those are SEALs.
But regardless, they're in charge of the police, by the way.
Right after the bomb goes off, they've got Geiger counters and stuff, and they're out
there directing everything.
So you've got maybe 20 yards from the supposed bombers, you've got Navy SEALs.
And the government isn't showing these photos, well, why not show these photos, media?
You'd think, hey, look at these photos mfoawars.com has, look at these photos of all these people.
You showed me a guy on a roof, what about all these guys in doorways crouched suspiciously
with big black bags right where the bomb went off?
Oh, but it doesn't fit the narrative of the redneck.
You were gonna blame us for the bombing, I mean, I could see the whole buildup.
And the controlled White House run media, MSNBC and others were saying, we told you
it was gonna be a white tea partier.
It's a lone wolf, Homeland Security, that's all they'll say, they're getting ready.
We got you gun owners, we got you, we got you.
You got us?
Cuz I know you're watching right now all angry, most of you are foreign intelligence operatives
and globalist.
You're all stomping around right now at Media Matters and MSNBC, taping what I'm saying,
hopping mad, probably, I imagine some papers have been thrown.
And who got blown, who got defeated, who got exposed, who?
Tell me again, and I'm not taunting these people, I want them to understand they're
going to be defeated.
I want you to understand you're in the wrong.
I want you to understand what you did to frame us is despicable.
And I want you to know, go ahead and try to roll it out now that it's a domestic group.
Cuz they're doing the fallback now that it's foreigners and saying if they do catch these
guys, they just wanna talk to them, yeah, and get them out of the country real quick.
Yeah, you think that's gonna fly?
I'll tell you this, it's not gonna fly blaming us, you understand that?
I'm taking your tool, the American people are taking your tool of staging stuff in New
Oklahoma cities and we're taking it away.
And you got caught on Fast and Furious, didn't you?
And yeah, that you were gonna blame the Second Amendment, that even came out.
And you got caught on this, and you're gonna get caught on everything you do.
You're gonna get caught everywhere and everything you do.
Everybody should search the term false flag, we should make it the number one search term.
Let's try to do the Google bomb again.
Everybody go into the search term at Google and type in false flag and do it over and
over again.
All right, I said I'd get to the Badandi clip, it's up on infowars.com.
We're gonna play it when we come back and start the next hour.
And I'm gonna recap all the news and go through it and get into the fertilizer bombing, which
may have been a real event, I just had a Freudian slip.
The fertilizer explosion, which may have been a accident, may have really been just a fire
that caused it and did all that, but sure came right on time.
Like I said yesterday, watch them stage some more stuff to cover this up.
They did Waco to cover up the World Trade Center, first attack when the feds made the
bomb and trained the drivers and gave them the detonators and everything.
That was done just a week after that to cover that news up.
There's no telling how they're gonna strike back and we're gonna talk about that coming
up.
Stay with us.
This is GCN, the Genesis Communications Radio Network.
In the last two years alone, the US has seen huge losses to our food supply.
In 2011, storms and floods raged across the US, costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone.
In 2012, we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years.
You may think out of sight, out of mind, and so you don't think you will be affected.
The fact is you are.
We all are.
Food shortages drive prices up for everyone.
You might not be able to control mother nature, but you can control your food prices by freezing
the cost and availability of your food supply with eFoods Direct.
Be prepared before you need it.
With nutrient-dense food, you can store for up to 25 years.
You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you.
Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best durable foods out there from eFoods
Direct.
Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex and
check out their spring specials.
Again, that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
Waging war on corruption.
Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups.
You want answers?
Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Max Keiser pops in at the bottom of the hour to get into gold, the economy, Bitcoin, and
more in his take on the bombings.
I'm going to open the phones up in the third hour for all of you out there.
They're trying to pass SOPA and CISPA right now.
We did shoot down the gun-grabbing bill for now, showing the power of the people.
Biden was doing fake crying or maybe doing real crying that their false flag's been exposed.
In our article on Infowars.com, Obama covering up Saudi link to Boston bombing.
I love the comment by Anonymous, who commented at 11 AM.
Simple arithmetic.
Guys, you can punch this up.
Thank you.
Simple arithmetic, my friends.
One, orchestrate bombing on Patriots Day in city of original Boston Tea Party.
Two, detonate bombs near the finish line at the end of the race, where slow Caucasians
trudged forth and not earlier when the Olympic caliber, and it goes on.
We're also about to finish line.
We create major news distractions as banksters crash paper precious metal markets, as well
as averting media attention from Benghazi investigation, as well as creating opportunity
for eventual radical right-wing gun-toning, bobble-thumping, middle-aged white supremacists
from Montana, fiction equal future.
More street cameras, surveillance, more wimpy Americans begging for protection, institution
of martial law first in Boston, which has now happened, globalist Bilderberg, America's
begging for protection, institution of martial law first into Boston, and then into other
major national metropolitan areas.
D, communist fascist takeover of USA by new world order, with closet homosexual, closet
Muslim sociopath, foreign plan Obama as point man dictator.
And again, I don't read that to be mean to gay people or something.
I actually hadn't read the full comment.
I thought I would just read one.
This is kind of silly.
The Saudis, like 9-11, are more murdering weapons, while the victims are nothing more
than sacrificial pawns, collateral damage for the greater Alinsky Marxist good, wake
the bleep up and grow a set America.
And remember, Obama sat at the feet of Bill Ayers, and they got smarter.
Don't blow up people and then take credit and say, look, I scare you, do what I say.
They found out with Hitler's bombing of London, that only makes people wanna fight harder.
Blow stuff up and blame it on your enemies.
I mean, that is the oldest trick in the book.
And of course, you have to look at them as the culprits.
Of course, you have to look at the establishment as the number one suspects first.
You gotta look at everybody else too.
And I said, I don't know who did this, but it stinks to eye heaven with all the build
up demonizing patriots saying we're about to blow stuff up.
They're trying to pass the gun bill.
They wanna get this through.
But it was so shoddily done.
Plus, the Navy Seals aren't involved in this.
The average FBI isn't involved in this.
The Boston cops aren't involved.
That's why you gotta have them out there in a drill with a bunch of black backpacks.
Everyone's ordered to stand around in black backpacks and the Seals are all looking around
like, why are we ordered to do this?
So you can put in the redneck patsy and the Saudi patsies.
And then if everything goes well, you blame the rednecks.
But if things don't go well, you fall back on the Saudis.
As I said Monday, I said they might come out and say rednecks working with Muslims.
And I said that on record because they have the turbaned cowboy episodes on Family Guy
and every other show is.
And the training manuals and the preparations, remember the training manuals the army was
given last month?
The Christians are with Al-Qaeda, Catholics and evangelicals.
And all these shows where the Tea Party works with Al-Qaeda, founding fathers, list goes
on and on.
You're like, that doesn't make any sense.
They're getting ready for the branding.
It's a major roll out.
When you know this stuff, it is 100% obvious, 110% obvious.
And I said, imminent, imminent, imminent mass shootings, mass bombings, blaming patriots,
imminent, imminent, imminent, imminent.
That day before it happened Monday on the show, I said, imminent attack, imminent.
Because I could just see the crescendo and they couldn't help it.
All the White House connected people, people talk, people brag, like something big is about
to happen.
You've seen all those things they put out saying, yeah, we need a new Oklahoma to blame
on our enemies.
Yeah, that would sure help.
You know, Robert Shapiro.
And they couldn't help it.
MSNBC and all of them are like, there's about to be an attack and you're going to do it.
Really?
Really?
We did it, huh?
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health.
At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection of
silver-based products.
Our most popular silver-based products are the 32-ounce nano silver solutions, our 2-ounce
nano silver nasal applicators, as well as our all-natural silver soaps.
Just released is our 100% natural silver gel.
Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and
leave the silver at the surface.
But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin-nourishing chemistry
of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more
effectively.
Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver-based products
are best for you.
That's www.silverlungs.com.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons.
But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria,
viruses, moles, and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it
the number one choice of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to www.supernaturalsilver.com.
Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your
arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe.
It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to www.getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you are protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit, or shed.
www.getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no
need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Again, that's www.getsimplisafe.com.
Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups.
You want answers?
Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Alright, if you're just joining us, this is the most historic radio broadcast in 18 years
I've ever done.
We received from Anonymous, and we did Google searches on the photos that confirmed they
were from Twitter accounts and news stations that didn't know what they had.
We received from Anonymous contact, sent to Paul Watson.
We are in contact with the folks that sent us the information.
They've asked that we not mention what hacker group they're with.
We'll just say they're anonymous, that they went out, and it's obviously intelligence
people who don't like what's happening, that Navy SEALs were there at the event, at the
finish line, all over the place with radiation detectors, black backpacks.
We're talking 20 feet, max 20 yards, between 20 and 60 feet from the bombers, right there
by the flags.
There was a drill which they'd been caught lying about.
They made them cancel their press conference and then say they hadn't caught the guy that
did it.
The media should be asking why they did that.
Emergency meetings with the Saudi foreign minister last night with Obama.
This is unprecedented cover-up.
Now, what is on the videos and the photos up at infowars.com?
In the articles Obama covering up Saudi link to bombing, person of interest to be deported
after Obama had unscheduled meeting with Saudi foreign minister.
There are rednecks that have matching black bags that look like the types that went off
that we believe they were planning to go with as the patsies.
We said then the Saudi Arabians would be ignored.
You're like, well, that's just your speculation.
No, it's not.
The FBI and Janet Napolitano came up this morning and showed the exact photos we showed.
A day later, ladies and gentlemen, saying here are people of interest.
They're not suspects, but we want to talk to them.
Yeah, they're with their black bags.
You've got Navy SEALs everywhere wearing Navy SEAL hats, identifying which SEAL team they're
with.
No one had done the public is, they didn't know what that meant.
In the tan boots, the tan pants, the black shirts, this broke yesterday at this time
on air.
You've got other people that look like they are kind of wearing the unofficial plain clothes
uniform of Army special units, including above Army Delta.
I've just covered this so much, I know what they look like.
And they all kind of go with it when they want to be recognized by each other.
It's not an undercover look so much as it's kind of an unofficial uniform.
It looks like, show people the Delta Force guy, the one hiding in the doorway with the
big backpack looking out incredibly suspiciously right there at the finish line, right behind
the flags.
I mean, it was just guys everywhere with black bags and loudspeakers saying, no one fear,
it's only a drill, it's only a drill.
And people just say, well, they were trying to stop the Saudi guys.
Really, they could have just grabbed them right then then.
I mean, anybody could walk up to suspicious people with big black backpacks.
They let them get away.
They were planning to blame the rednecks, ladies and gentlemen, and how do I know that?
The Southern Poverty Law Center, White House run on record, came out a month ago and said,
Mr. President, we only told Clinton this one month before the Oklahoma City bombing, cuz
we're so smart, we're heroes.
That this is the anti-gun, anti-America group that demonizes Ron Paul, myself, anybody that
loves freedom, and basically says we're bad guys.
They said, sir, the right wing, the Tea Party is gonna imminently engage in terror attacks.
It's imminent, they're going to bomb.
And I said, that's it.
They ran Elohim City where McVeigh was at.
It came out in federal documents.
They were over that group.
Carol Howe, all of it came out.
They're deadly dangerous.
They're the private government group.
And I said, that's it, it's imminent.
And then they started saying the last few weeks, the Tea Party's gonna shoot and blow
things up, and told state police this all over the country, and said, prepare to take
Christian's guns.
Will you confiscate their guns?
That's Fox News.
And it started waking the police up going, what do you mean the Christians are gonna
have an uprising?
What are you talking about?
Because they're gonna blame this on us.
That's why I said it's imminent.
I was able to tell you on air yesterday, it's on record, there's video and audio of it showing
the Saudi Arabians saying those look like Saudi Arabians to me.
And that's a cutout.
People go, well, why would they have rednecks, and Saudis, and Navy SEALs, and police, and
special army forces, probably Delta.
Why would they have, well, that guy looks like Delta Force if I've ever seen one.
Why would they, there's the Patsy, why would they have all of this going on at the same
time?
That way there's fallback plans, because they don't tell the SEALs what's happening.
They say, you're part of a drill, come to this area.
They tell the police, you're part of a drill, come to this area.
So you got 20, 30, 40 guys with black backpacks show that no one knows who really bombed everything.
That's a classic fog of war tactic they do.
Oklahoma City, they had white supremacists.
They had special forces, sheep dipped.
They had German intelligence.
They had Canadians there.
They had CIA people there.
They had ATF people there.
They had FBI there.
The FBI counter-terrorism director was there, got caught lying saying he wasn't.
He was there the day before.
That came out in court, all there one minute after the bombing.
And cops that pulled up, Terrence Yakey, Don Browning, and others, head of the Canine Unit
went, what are you doing?
They're like, watch your mouth or we'll kill you.
That's what we're doing.
I mean, cops are smarter, like, what are you doing in bomb gear?
That takes 20 minutes.
What are you doing here?
Would you, were you running a sting?
You keep your mouth shut, boy.
They ran a drill that morning.
There were federal buildings worn the day before in that morning of a bombing.
They even put a warning out.
They go, man, our superiors warned us of this.
They warned you.
They planted the stink and plastic explosives inside, and a bunch of them didn't go off.
And the rider truck was the diversion.
See, I study these people.
I'm risking my life to tell you this.
They killed cops and medical examiners and medical people in Oklahoma City that tried
to expose this.
They killed a bunch of the first responders, ladies and gentlemen.
But this isn't 1995.
There are photos everywhere and you think we're so stupid.
You're going to have everyone crawling all over the place.
And then you're going to have your patsies who were probably told, hey, you're in trouble
for this gun charge, Mr. Brown or whatever their name is.
Go help us in drills and we'll drop the charges.
That's how we've caught them doing that with Randy Weaver and others.
They're like, all right, I want to serve my country.
Good, good.
Because they know the guys on welfare probably got a 75 IQ, low grade moron, mentally retarded
mildly, but is able to keep a job.
There's lots of working people that are actually retarded out there who come from families
that make them work.
I mean, the guy looks like he's got about a 75 max 80 IQ.
And I said, okay, it'll be these Saudis, it'll be these guys, and they're going to have the
fallback now.
But I don't know how they can announce that they've arrested these guys because now everyone's
going to point out these photos.
And they're listening live time to the show.
They flip out and then cancel the press conference.
That's how immersed in this, ladies and gentlemen, I am, again, I told you yesterday, these Saudi
Arabians, they're Saudi Arabians, now they're saying they think they're Saudi Arabians.
They don't want you to know about this, but now they're going to be forced to show you
these photos.
Sure enough, they did.
And again, how do I know what they were planning?
This is the most important point.
Because every outlet run by the White House from MSNBC to Media Matters to the Southern
Poverty Law Center came out in the last month really cocky.
It's not like they're brought into the meeting and told what's going to happen.
They're just like, okay, the right wing's going to get exposed now.
Talk about how they're going to stage terror.
It's in every show, every TV, Hollywood's gotten the memo from Family Guy to Founding
Fathers to the following to medical shows.
The Patriots are going to bomb you.
They're going to shoot you.
They're going to blow up your sporting event because they believe in George Washington.
I mean, it's obvious, the whole scripting targeting the dumb public, the dumb down public.
And boom, it happens and I see these photos, Anonymous was right to send them to us.
We hammer them out there and they still haven't shown all the others.
They are freaking out right now.
AbsoluteDrudgeReport.com is the only major media outlet that has picked this up.
The only major media outlet that has picked this up is the DrudgeReport.com left hand
side has our article and link to our article about the photos rocking the internet last
night and this morning.
The photos that we posted at Infowars.com that are linked in Paul's new article Obama
covering up Saudi link to Boston bombing, which then forced the blaze to finally report
on all this, which is our plan.
See, we're not trying to scoop you, Glenn.
We want to make you cover the truth.
Why don't you apologize to me?
You spent 30 minutes attacking me yesterday saying I was making this up.
It's not about two talk shows fighting with each other.
Just admit you take your information from my show and then twist it for your own uses
and I'm sick of it.
You're not gonna bury this information.
We could bring down this entire operation, but he's too scared to do it.
If we could get Limbaugh and if we could get Glenn Beck and Sean Hannity to talk about
this, it is over for these people.
It is over.
And by the way, this is dangerous.
By the way, there's no telling what the globalist may stage now to bring in tyranny.
I want to go out to break with Dan Badandi at the press conference part of it will come
back with more the night of the event.
And instantly when he brings up false flag, they turn and get freaked out when they talk
about the drill acting guilty as sin.
That was another big telltale sign.
I went from maybe a false flag to 99% it is and the evidence just piles and piles.
Let's go to that clip.
Is there any security footage of any of these explosions?
We are looking at all of that right now.
That's one of the investigative steps that we have taken.
Was there any point in the outro because according to Boston Globe dot com, they said they were
doing drills this morning for the same exact thing that happened according to Boston Globe
dot com.
Now, would you guys given any warning ahead of time of this taking place?
As I said earlier, there was no specific intelligence.
We certainly increased our posture around a big event like this.
All of those things happened in preparation for this event, but there was no specific
intelligence that anything was going to happen.
And can you talk a little bit about what type of device do you have?
The city of Boston is open and will be open tomorrow, but it will not be business as usual.
It will be a heightened law enforcement presence consistent with the severity and seriousness
of the ongoing investigation.
People should expect those who are riding the T that there will be command checks of
backpacks and other parcels.
And we just we're going to come back with the rest.
If people ask what the goal is, distract the wartime indictment by the Congressional Committee
of Obama and Bush Jr. for torture and ordering it and then ordering a cover up, cover up
for Benghazi, cover up to get the gun stuff passed, cover up on the economy and a way
to roll out martial law, which they were already doing with troops on the streets, checking
your junk for Al Qaeda bombs.
We'll be right back, ladies and gentlemen, with the rest of this key audio Max Keiser
coming up.
But we have caught them stay with us.
We all know that Berkey water purification systems are the most trusted name in water
filtration as an authorized Berkey dealer for over six years and serving thousands of
satisfied customers.
The Berkey guy offers amazing specials for Berkey water filtration systems.
The Berkey light systems include a set of self sterilizing and re cleanable black purification
elements that purify water by removing chlorine, pathogenic bacteria, cysts and parasites to
non detectable levels and remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides and pesticides.
Order the Berkey light system today complete with two black Berkey elements for only two
hundred and thirty one dollars and the Berkey guy will ship your order free of charge.
With the purchase of a Berkey light, the Berkey guy is also offering a set of fluoride and
arsenic filters for only thirty nine ninety nine.
That's over 30 percent off the retail price.
Call the Berkey guy at one eight seven seven eight eight six three six five three.
That's one eight seven seven eight eight six three six five three or order online at GoBerkey.com.
That's GoBerkey.com today.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system and you're missing a critical weapon in your
arsenal for home protection when you're sleeping or away from home who's watching out for intruders?
Check out Simply Safe.
It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to GetSimplySafe.com.
Simply Safe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down you are protected.
It's completely customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit or shed.
GetSimplySafe.com.
Simply Safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes so there's no
need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home but Simply Safe will stand guard protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again that's GetSimplySafe.com.
HempUSA.org has a revolutionary wonder food for detoxing the body and rebuilding the immune
system.
Micro plant powder can help unclog arteries and soften heart valves while removing heavy
metals, virus, fungus, bacteria and parasites.
Plus it cleans and purifies the blood, lungs, stomach and colon.
Keep your body clean with micro plant powder.
Order today at 888-910-4367 or visit HempUSA.org.
Hi this is Ted Anderson.
Have you ever wondered why banks, stock workers, investment advisors won't talk about gold
IRAs?
They've been available since 1986 yet the financial industry won't recognize the value
of gold for your retirement.
Gold has outperformed paper investments yet no word about IRAs.
If you would like to have gold for your retirement call 800-686-2237.
Don't get left behind by rising inflation and low returns call 800-686-2237.
Secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
Hello this is Ty Bollinger, author of the best selling book Cancer Step Outside the
Box.
I want you to know some very important information.
In 1985 President Ronald Reagan requested that Carnivora be sent directly to the White
House at a time when only the President could obtain this world-class healer.
Now 27 years later Carnivora capsules are used around the world to keep people healthy.
Now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in this age of superbugs with 17 naturally
occurring compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal cells only without harming a single
normal cell.
If you want to stay healthy now's your chance to literally wake up your critical immune
cells to attack harmful invaders that don't belong in your body.
Call 1-866-VenusFly or order from Carnivora.com that's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A dot com.
That's 1-866-836-8735 1-866-VenusFly or visit Carnivora.com.
Protect your immune system.
It's the only one you've got.
Well, Infowars.com broke internationally in the news and the Drudge Report broke it
even bigger.
The photos of the people from Saudi Arabia, they believe, who are the main suspects in
the bombing and they have canceled press conferences and had said they'd arrested who they thought
did it.
And now that's all supposed to be forgot and no media will cover it and it's supposedly
nothing's happened here.
Now ladies and gentlemen, if a small town TV station broke who the guys were and found
the photos, it'd be all over the news.
They don't want everybody coming to Infowars.com and PrisonPlanet.com.
So we have to have our writers write articles explaining what just happened.
Do you understand how big this is?
They have been caught running a drill that witnesses saw and heard saying, don't worry.
Don't worry about the backpacks.
It's just a drill.
As the cops and military stand around with their own backpacks, their own black backpacks,
while Saudis and some white hillbilly types are there as the patsies.
And the media was getting ready yesterday before this came out and going, yeah, it looks
like it's lone wolf, and MSNBC, everybody's like, yeah, it's about to be the tea party
like we told you.
The arrest has been made, gonna have a press conference at the courthouse.
Then they went, forget that.
We don't have anybody.
There's no press conference.
We gotta meet with the Saudis.
I mean unraveling in front of everyone and false flags, one of the top search terms.
And they're just hoping they can get away with this.
Imagine the magnitude.
This shows you how controlled the media is, that only infowars.com and drudgereport.com
are covering this.
And the photos we released are the photos they were forced to then put out, the very
photos a day later.
But they won't say, the media stands around to wait till the government gives them a photo
and ignores, hey, who was right?
Not well, good job, infowars.com, Paul Watson, Alex Jones, Matt Drudge, Matt Drudge's crew.
I mean, it'd be like Drudge breaking Monica Lewinsky again and them not saying Drudge
broke it.
But this is the government, or the criminal elements of it, creating their standard drill
where you got a bunch of decoys and they use Navy Seals and what looks like Army Special
Forces.
I've been to so many of these events, I've learned how the Army dresses in there.
It's a uniform, but it's not, the public's so disconnected, it's not obvious the guys
are wearing uniforms, they really are.
It's Navy Seal insignias, all of it, that's how dumb they think you are.
And we're sitting here, this is the story, they've lied about the drill, they've lied
about it all to my reporter that was all over national news, that didn't make the news?
Or they said, Alex, the mega troll Jones and his troll heckled, really?
Hey, there's a drill, eyewitnesses, what about the drill?
There was no drill and there was no prior knowledge, liars, liars, liars, this is so
big.
Let's go back to Damodandi Monday night, info wars.com reporter, and again, I don't even
want to credit for this.
I want the media to start focusing on, look at these other photos, look, that's right
by the flagpoles, that's right by the bomb.
Cops with big black backpacks looking right at the other guys.
I mean, the cops were searching everybody there, why didn't you search the rednecks?
Why didn't you search the Saudis?
Why don't you want these photos out if you're not involved?
This is hiding in plain view.
Let's go back to the clip of Damodandi.
The city of Boston is open and will be open tomorrow, but it will not be business as usual.
That's the governor.
They're gonna have troops searching, everybody, yeah.
They're hiding in law enforcement presence consistent with the severity and seriousness
of the ongoing investigation.
People should expect, those who are riding the T, that there will be random checks of
the backpacks and other parcels, and we just ask everyone to be patient with that inconvenience
for the time being.
It is for the public's safety.
Here in the state, at the local level and at the federal level, we are all coming together
to do everything we can to get to the bottom of this.
The most important fact that I want to convey to everybody this evening has already been
mentioned by Governor Patrick, the FBI is taking the lead in this investigation, it
is a certain federal jurisdiction, it will do so through the Boston Joint Terrorism Task
Force, members of which are comprised by all the members of the law enforcement agencies
here represented at the podium.
This will be a combined federal, state, and local effort, it will be an ongoing investigation,
it is a criminal investigation that is, has the potential, that is a potential terrorist
investigation.
If you take any questions.
Oh, sir, why were a lot of speakers telling people in the audience to be calm moments
before the bomb went off, is this another false flag staged attack to take on several
liberties and put more homeland security on sticking their hands down on the pants on
the streets.
No.
Next question.
You have said that there's no suspect but is there a false flag?
I'm not going to confirm that right now, we'll have that information for you first thing
in the morning, medical people are compiling that as we speak.
Again, why were speakers telling people to be, to characterize the fact of terrorism?
Extent of the injuries and how serious people are.
We're going to come back with the rest of this and then Max Keiser, but he says at the
time, this is a false flag, gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, this is a false flag.
We don't know exactly who did it.
We know the government was running it and is now covering it up in plain view.
This thing is fully blown wide open.
We're on the march.
The Empire.
This is history happening, folks.
Alex Jones and we can't probably defeat them with this.
This could destroy them.
In the last two years alone, the US has seen huge losses to our food supply in 2011 storms
and floods raged across the US costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone.
In 2012, we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years.
You may think out of sight, out of mind, and so you don't think you will be affected.
The fact is you are, we all are.
Food shortages drive prices up for everyone.
You might not be able to control mother nature, but you can control your food prices by freezing
the cost and availability of your food supply with E Foods Direct.
Be prepared before you need it.
With nutrient-dense food you can store for up to 25 years.
You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you.
Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best durable foods out there from E
Foods Direct.
Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex and
check out their spring specials.
Again, that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex.
You can bet your life on E Foods Direct.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Bend Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth-friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning
needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold and weapons.
But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria,
viruses, moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it
the number one choice of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to SupernaturalSilver.com.
Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
We now take you live to the Central Texas Command Center in the heart of the resistance.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Show.
All right, Max Keiser was going to be on with us, but his Skype's not working and we're
seeing we get him on cell phone.
But regardless, I'm going to be covering the news here.
I want you to understand something.
I tend to get up here when we have ultra massive news and kind of calmly report it.
More to be more accurate, I'm just excited all the time.
But this is over the top.
I mean, this is so incredible that in the 21st century, you have the real birth of the
citizen media where everybody is out there by the millions, seeing the Navy SEALs, seeing
the handlers.
There's new photos that looks like cops handling the patsies, bringing them in.
Obviously, these goofy looking guys with backpacks, the cops will be all over them.
That's why they're telling people, be calm, this is just a drill.
Never mind the weirdos with big black backpacks.
Never mind people leaving them right there.
Just a drill.
Now, cops, we're told to get back just for our safety though.
And the cops get back and it blows up.
I mean, folks, now people know what they're looking for.
And the system, of course, knew the whole time.
It's full of Navy SEALs.
It's full of Army.
It's full of undercover police everywhere with big black backpacks.
And then you see after the bombs go off, they're directing things.
In fact, I never have a tightness in my throat and kind of an anxiety.
I haven't had anxiety like that since I was like 14, getting a date with the best looking
cheerleader.
And you're going to the movies where they're getting dropped off by our parents.
You kind of get that tightness in your throat before you reach over and kiss her.
I'm having butterflies, okay?
And I'm somebody that's spoken to crowds of 5,000 people and I don't get butterflies.
I go on The View and I don't get butterflies talking to 20 million people.
Right now, I'm having so many butterflies that I'm actually hyperventilating on air,
okay?
I mean, that's how big this is.
Because this is like catching people, again, burying the dead bodies on film in the backyard.
This is open and shut smoking gun.
You call in all these people, you ask who ordered them to do what, you'll find out who
was in charge, you'll find out who was handling who, you'll find out who did this and who
blew up the marathon.
I mean, we're sitting here, this will destroy the globalist if this comes out.
And you notice no media is going, wow, Alex Jones of all people got the photos of who
they say they're looking for now.
Why didn't the media over several days, and you think I'm so busy, you think I'd be looking
at this stuff close.
And it was all hiding in plain view in front of everyone.
Dude just came in here during the break is why I'm hyperventilating with a stack of new
high def photos and stills out of the city of Boston surveillance footage.
And it shows the handlers of the Saudis, and you can see the body language, all of it.
And again, people say, you're just speculating, I told you they would be forced to release
for the Saudis, I told you the Navy SEAL stuff, that's now all over the place.
Let's finish up with Badandi, but first I wanna show this image here for everybody.
There's an article up at infowars.com titled Papers, Please in Boston.
And it shows 1938 Germany with young soldiers, two of them together going through people's
papers and then it shows Boston, USA 2013 with two young MPs.
I mean, they look like they know where they can be 20, with satisfied power trip looks,
searching a businessman and checking his papers.
Let me tell you something MPs, you're not searching anything, okay?
Your bosses killed those people.
Let me get that through your brain there, son, son, this is America and I'm sick of
your garbage and I'm sick of the TSA and I'm sick all of it while the border is wide open.
It's called a gambit boys, you say your soldiers, let me teach you, being a soldier means you
know history and you know the enemy.
The Iranians of today are the Persians of 4,000 years ago.
And they developed in chess from a military move with horsemen called a gambit.
A gambit is with your, and it's what most chess masters use a lot of times, sacrificing
players to suck you in and defeat you.
And a gambit is a pawn or a chess move mirroring cavalry, where you put cavalry in where they
will be enveloped and destroyed because the enemy can't help going out and destroying
a force.
Let's say you got a pincer attack ready, you wanna see the main military force revealed
from behind the hill, didn't have satellite back then.
Believe me kids, they didn't 3,000 plus years ago, you send them out and the gambit works
this way.
And there's different types of gambits, but it's a basic horse move as the Iranians did
it.
You send them out, it calls out the main force, they unify, now you have a chance to launch
a pincer on them because they've unified coming in to destroy the force.
Or you've tricked them to come down off the hills they're on to destroy your force to
get them in low ground so you can now attack.
And it's also an Alexander the Great move that he used a lot.
It's just basic gambit, Iranian term, Persian term.
So in standard warfare, go back to World War I, they would send in a unit or several units,
hundreds of men, sometimes whole plutons to be wiped out into a trench area that was disputed
knowing they'd all be killed.
And they would order them on what they called suicide missions.
You've heard of suicide missions?
This is how these generals like Lemonser were ready to bomb US movie theaters to blame it
on Cuba and kill Americans.
Ward, Cleaver, and Leave It to Beaver, Wally, that's what 1950s were.
Blow up Wally at the movie, plastic explosives to blame it on the commies.
And they said it's a gambit.
We may even lose 10 million Americans, but we'll defeat communism.
They were ready to lose 10 million Americans in the Russian counter strike.
Dr. Strangelove's actually based on True Story.
You see that movie?
It's based on Curtis LeMay and LL Lemonser who plays the part of Jack T Ripper and all
of it.
Now that Stanley Kubrick movie, that's real folks.
That almost happened in 1961.
Film came out two years later.
I'm giving you history here and a gambit is to sacrifice maybe 20, 30, 100 horsemen to
draw out the enemy.
And the argument is you save thousands of your cavalry and win the battle.
So in military, it's called a sacrifice.
And that's what they did.
And they generally will use a foreign intelligence unit to actually do the bombing, like the
Saudis who they used on 9-11 to then take the blame.
Those Saudis were trained in US bases.
That came out in mainstream news.
So this is the information we're talking about.
Here it is, gambit, a opening chess move in which a player risk one or more pawns or a
minor piece to gain an advantage in position.
A remark intended to start a conversation or make a telling point, a calculated move.
There you go.
And I'm not gonna sit here and rant and rave about this anymore.
The point is they had a drill.
They were all around the guys with the bombs.
There's video and photos of it all.
There's video of undercover police, it looks like, leading the mentally ill.
That's what the guy looks like to me, body language, all of it.
Leading up the poor patsy, who probably thought he was a secret agent now.
He looks so proud to be on Team America.
He doesn't know he's gonna be drugged up and rolled out as the new McVeigh.
And gonna be electro-shocked, tortured, drugged up for trial, just like all the other patsies.
It's so horrible.
And you know what, the operation was blown for you.
This is unprecedented.
So now they're gonna say, maybe it's Saudis, we sent them back to Saudi Arabia, never mind.
We met with the Saudi foreign minister emergency meeting.
We canceled the press conference, blah, blah, blah, on and on and on.
They do not want this out.
They do not want this discussed.
They do not want you talking about it.
They do not, they needed to blame the Patriot Tea Party for this so bad.
And again, how did I know they were gonna blame us?
States Day, Tax Day, that's not how I knew.
That added to it.
The White House operatives that run CNN and MSNBC have been licking their lips for the
last month, saying an attack is imminent and that we're horrible murderers and soon everyone
will see.
I mean, they are operating like you're so stupid.
I mean, when Robert Shapiro two years ago wrote for the Financial Times of London, we
need a new Oklahoma City to be blamed on our political opposition so Obama can be popular.
I'm like, folks, they think you're stupid.
They're having like consigliere mafia meetings in the newspaper.
They think you're so dumb.
I mean, one Bible page separation from saying they did it or need to do it.
I mean, that's like Gary Hart on the CFR Commission wrote public letters and a paper saying we
need staged terror attacks just like Penac did the September 20th, Rebuilding America's
Defenses thing.
And then one time we are changed, it's in my film Truth Rising, found him at an event.
He was at a book signing and came up and said, you wrote those letters and put out that public
report saying we staged terror attacks in America and that we should do it again.
He goes, no, I didn't.
What are you talking about, son?
They go, well, here's your letter.
And when he read it, he started sweating and going, oh, well, I, that was a mock letter.
They don't even think of us as human.
You publish this stuff in the CFR, you publish this stuff publicly and we're not supposed
to go with a copy of it?
Like you think we're animals like all these other people?
You think I don't see?
You don't think I don't know you wanna raise my property taxes and cut the Second Amendment
and take my kids from me?
And you say the state runs my kids on MSNBC?
You don't think we're not gonna fight you?
You don't think we don't know you're gonna blow stuff up and try to blame us?
You don't think we're not watching now, you rat bastards?
You don't think there's not fight left around here?
Not all of us are in comas watching TV, buddy.
Not all of us are busy down at the bar watching UFC, looking tough in front of our buddies.
Not all of us are here to be run over.
Not all of us are fake men.
You know how slime, I've got countless clips of CNN, MSNBC, even yesterday going, you know
it's gun owners did this.
You know they use powder from the gun shops to do it.
I mean, I even predicted that.
I mean, they've got their whole script, they're told, don't worry, we're gonna get them real
soon.
We'll get the gun bill passed, something's about to happen.
Just go tell people they're the ones that are gonna do it.
Really?
Tell me, let me in on it.
You're not high level enough, but we're gonna burn these people.
We're taking this country over, high five, yeah, yeah.
Then we could torture all we want and it won't be Iraqis we're torturing.
It'll be all these patriots, hot wives and their kids.
They're all in there just high five, media matters.
Southern Poverty Law Center, high five, America's art, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Go ahead and try to say we did it now.
Go ahead, go ahead and make my day.
I probably shouldn't taunt them so much, but you know what?
Do whatever you're gonna do to me.
Just if you ever do take me out, don't think I didn't know, okay?
I'm not a coward like you.
I mean, I see you, that's not any trick.
You people are just over the top obvious.
Captain obvious on steroids to the power of infinity.
To captain obvious in infinity and beyond.
I mean, you people are running around in Democratic fundraising letters saying to your million
dollar donors, don't worry, they'll be in New Oklahoma City.
We're gonna win our agenda.
Your money's well spent with us.
And letting their donors in like, don't worry, we're gonna blow stuff up.
I mean, I have to sit here and watch these psychos on power trips reading their teleprompters
on MSNBC going, all their twinkly eyes of just criminal energy just going, and you know
it's NRA that did this bombing and they're gonna get these people.
I mean, just over the top authoritarian scum.
Let's go back to a real reporter, Dan Madani from infowars.com.
At the end of the press conference with the governor, at the end he says, you know what,
let's play the whole thing end to end.
Cue it back up at the start.
I want people to hear the press conference, because again, this happened on Monday, it
was just off the news.
It was bad audio, but still freaked everybody out in the establishment, and false flags
are one of the top search terms.
By the way, search the term false flag, let's send it to number one.
Do it right now, folks, I think I'm gonna do it.
Here is the press conference, here it is.
Is there any security footage of any of these explosions?
We are looking at all of that right now, that's one of the investigative steps that we have
been taking.
Was there any point in our job, because according to BostonGlobe.com, they said they were doing
drills this morning for the same exact thing that happened, according to BostonGlobe.com.
Now were you guys given any warning ahead of time of this taking place?
As I said earlier, there was no specific intelligence.
We certainly increased our posture around a big event like this.
All of those things happened in preparation for this event, but there was no specific
intelligence that anything was going to happen.
And can you talk a little bit about what type of device do you have?
The city of Boston is open and will be open tomorrow, but it will not be business as usual.
It will be a heightened law enforcement presence consistent with the severity and seriousness
of the ongoing investigation.
People should expect, those who are riding the T, that there will be random checks of
the backpacks and other parcels.
And we just ask everyone for patience with that inconvenience for the time being.
It is for the public's sake.
Here in the state, at the local level and at the federal level, we are all coming together
to do everything we can to get to the bottom of this.
The most important fact that I want to convey to everybody this evening has already been
mentioned by Governor Patrick.
The FBI is taking the lead in this investigation.
It is a certain federal jurisdiction.
It will do so through the Boston Joint Terrorism Task Force, members of which are comprised
by all the members of the law enforcement agencies here represented at the podium.
This will be a combined federal, state, and local effort.
It will be an ongoing investigation.
It is a criminal investigation that has the potential, is a potential terrorist investigation.
If you take any questions.
Sir, why would a lot of speakers tell people in the audience to be calm moments before
the bomb went off?
Is this another false flag stage attack to take on several liberties and put more homeland
security by sticking their hands down on the pants on the streets?
No.
Next question.
You have said that there's no suspect but is there a false one?
I'm not going to confirm that right now.
We'll have that information for you first thing in the morning.
The medical people are compiling that as we speak.
Again, why would speakers tell people to be, you know, characterizing the fact of terrorism?
The extent of the injuries, how serious people are.
This is a very powerful point.
Right now, that area that the governor outlined is our main point of focus right now.
Again, why would people telling speakers telling people to be calm before the bomb went off?
I want to answer that question.
Currently in your search for additional devices, are you searching the entire route of the
marathon or are you just focused on certain areas right now?
Are there specific areas that you're focused on beyond the Copley area?
At this point in time, our focus on the investigation is in the areas of the governor mentioned.
Why was people being told to fly into the bomb going off?
Are there any other counter core people?
If so, how would you know?
We're actually working very closely with the families right now.
We're setting up a location near here that families can come to if they have any questions.
The mayor's office has fielded many calls of concern.
We're going through those right now.
Why was people being told prior to the bombs going off to stay calm?
That's a false flag, gentlemen.
Just to put more TSA on the street to rob our civil liberties.
It is not new and it is not order.
It is a new world order.
And he was talking about Hitler at that time.
He talked about his new world order.
That's what fascist always talk about.
Ladies and gentlemen, that's what psycho guilds talk about.
Ladies and gentlemen, they did do the drill.
It was used as the cover.
They were all around the guys when the bombs went off.
There's no way they didn't stop them by accident and like we're running.
Stop the bomb and it went off.
They were all right there in plain view and they think you're so stupid.
There's high def video and photo everywhere.
They're now admitting that we were right, that we broke it, but not giving us credit.
And it's hidden in plain view.
We'll give the number out, open phones in the next hour, and then the gun grabbers throwing
fits that they haven't gotten our guns yet.
But don't worry, they've got schizophrenics on drugs, wound up, probably putting guns
in their hands right now.
In the last two years alone, the U.S. has seen huge losses to our food supply.
In 2011, storms and floods raged across the U.S., costing us 20 billion in lost crops
alone.
In 2012, we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years.
You may think out of sight, out of mind, and so you don't think you will be affected.
The fact is you are.
We all are.
Food shortages drive prices up for everyone.
You might not be able to control mother nature, but you can control your food prices by freezing
the cost and availability of your food supply with eFoods Direct.
Be prepared before you need it with nutrient-dense food you can store for up to 25 years.
You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you.
Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best, durable foods out there from
eFoods Direct.
Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex and
check out their spring specials.
Again, that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
It's time for a home security quiz.
What effective home security device is smaller than a coffee cup fakes out burglars into
thinking someone is home at your house while you're away, plugs into any wall outlet, is
recommended by many police departments, and sells for less than $30?
Yes, it's fake TV.
This year, about one in every 50 U.S. homes will have a break-in with burglars usually
picking the easy target, a dark house that looks like no one is home.
Fake TV is a small electronic security device that makes it look like someone is home watching
TV by simulating the light from a real TV.
Fake TV could be the difference between coming home to a secure house or one that's been
ransacked.
Get your fake TV for only $29.95 with free shipping.
Go to faketv.com or call 1-877-5FAKETV.
That's 877-532-5388 or go to faketv.com.
Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
Imagine waking one morning only to find your family shivering in the dark because you couldn't
afford to pay your electric bill.
That's closer than you think.
You probably haven't heard about this yet because the liberal media has been suppressing
what is fast becoming the most shocking news story of 2012, Obama's secret war on coal
that could increase your already high power bill as much as 400% in coming months.
As shocking as it sounds, it may well be just a matter of time before the lights start going
out across America.
But here's some good news.
There's an underground video at exposed123.com that thousands of smart patriots have used
to end their slavery to the corrupt electricity monopoly.
The video at exposed123.com has already been banned by Google and the liberal media is
doing everything in its power to take it down and keep America in the dark.
So watch it now at exposed123.com before it's too late.
Again, that's exposed123.com.
Monday through Friday, 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Central.
We're here live.
It is Thursday, the 18th day of April, 2013.
I'm going to have Ja'Kari Jackson and David Knight on.
They're trying to pass the CISPA bill, restrict our free speech right now, the open borders,
other things.
We've defeated the gun grab before now.
They're going to be here for two hours of overdrive.
Some stations do carry that fourth hour and the fifth hours.
Video streams and audio at info.wars.com forward slash listen.
That's free for everybody right now.
The bandwidth is extremely expensive.
This is historical stuff you're seeing here.
Most people are not maniac enough to go up against the new world order.
Most people are scared to die.
I love life so much that I'm willing to do whatever it takes and I don't expect that
to happen.
I'll never commit suicide.
But my gut tells me this is more dangerous than anything I've ever done.
This is more dangerous than anything I've ever done.
I've had a sports car up to 175 miles an hour.
I'm sorry, I actually didn't do that, police.
Sorry.
I'm not going to tell a lie.
The point is is that this is the most dangerous thing I have ever done and it's because this
country and everything good in the world was founded on guts and it was founded on telling
the truth.
So if you know evil's going on, you got to not lie to yourself about it and rationalize
and be all shaky and oh, who knows?
No.
Day one I said I saw the buildup to this false flag and this is exactly what it looks like
now.
And now Harry Reid is talking about false flags as he throws fits saying that they've
been unable to get our guns.
Here's a clip of that.
We can keep them off the streets.
We should keep them off the streets.
You got plenty of guns, don't you, bud?
In the 1920s, organized crime was committing murders with machine guns.
We've seen them.
That was used to restrict our guns.
Valentine Valentine's Day massacre.
They still got them.
So Congress dramatically limited the sale and transfer of machine guns.
Yeah.
Full auto.
You don't even need that.
Long time ago.
A bunch of bull started to take our guns then, traitor.
Machine guns basically disappeared from the streets.
They're in movies, but not private citizens had them.
We can and should make the same common sense approach.
Crime dropped 49% the last 20 years, punk.
Assault weapons.
That's why I will vote for Diane Feinstein.
But you're a criminal who only wants the guns for yourself, punk.
Because we must strike a better balance between the right to defend ourselves and the right
of every child in America to grow up safe from gun violence.
Like the ones that got blown up at the- I'll vote for the band because maintaining
a law and order is more important than satisfying conspiracy theories who believe in black helicopters
Oh, really?
And false flags.
Oh.
Turn him off.
That's enough of that, punk.
Listen, we're getting to them.
They don't like it.
Full speed ahead.
Intensify operations.
Just discredit them.
Every time you email one of our stories, every time you talk about false flags, every time
you expose what they've done, every time you just bring them closer to defeat.
And they're all running scared now.
And I see when press conferences, they are just freaked out because they know we're getting
so close.
They've committed this crime out in the open.
And they're hoping the media doesn't let it leak.
They're hoping no one points out all the other people there and the handlers with the patsies.
They don't know what to do.
They had the fake arrest.
They were going to announce it was a gun owner.
They had everything.
And now it's all screwed up by the grace of God.
You wanted to frame us and now you can't.
So better carry out another false flag real quick, huh?
You guys always do the same thing.
So I've been thinking about what they'll do.
They'll probably blow some more stuff up and they might have set the fire at that thing
up in Texas.
And that's a perfect thing to get this out of the news.
They're in total panic mode.
I don't know that.
I don't have evidence of that, so we don't know.
But they do this kind of stuff, so they are prime suspects.
Also go to infowarsstore.com and buy the books, the high quality water filters, the lowest
prices with promo code water for all the water products, the t-shirts, the Second Amendment
info, the magazine, subscribe to it.
The new Come and Take It t-shirts, they've got the AR-15 M4, all of it, infowarsstore.com
or 888-253-3139.
We also have the Infowars Siege Center that's got a huge variety of the very best non-GMO,
non-hybrid heirloom siege at the lowest prices out there.
The lowest prices out there.
Hey, I told Weldon to lower the price on that particular one right there to $36.
I want the lowest price out there.
infowarsstore.com, third hour, coming up.
You are listening to GCN, visit GCNlive.com today.
A little over a year ago, I began to do a lot of research into why, even though I had
a pretty good sized meal, that I was still starving.
And my research led me to a well-known fact that most of the soils that we grow our crops
on here in the United States and across the industrialized world are almost completely
depleted of almost all of the key minerals and trace elements that our bodies need to
rebuild themselves, fight off cancer, and be healthy.
I then searched out the best vitamin and mineral company out there and discovered Young Jevity.
The Young Jevity products are designed to give you the real nutrition you need.
And once you've got that, you don't have to eat as much to be satisfied.
I've lost 37 pounds in two months, simply getting the vitamins and minerals I need.
Check it out for yourself.
It's incredible.
Go to infowarsteam.com today and order your first canister of Beyond Tangy Tangerine complete
multivitamin mineral complex dietary supplement.
That's infowarsteam.com.
Waging war on corruption, Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups.
You want answers?
Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Yeah, LL Lemnon, sir, in 1961 and two, wanted to bomb Marine Corps bases, this is declassified,
killing Marines to blame it on Cuba.
He thought it was best to kill Marines to take out communism.
But the globalists were actually funding communism, so they didn't let him do that.
But you can see how a guy that even thought he was a good guy had Thomas Jefferson quotes
in his office, turned to evil, studying Operation Himmler.
The Pentagon studied Operation Himmler, a Nazi operation of false flags that led to
World War II, and that's why they did that.
And so my point is, if our government would kill our own troops to get a war going, of
course they'd blow that up.
Let's put the little boy on screen.
The eight-year-old the media has been using, poor little eight-year-old, print me an article
about him.
I wanna talk about him after we take calls coming up.
They're using him, I mean, imagine he died in the Boston Marathon, and they'll put out
fake conspiracies saying nobody died to discredit us all, that's a Kat Sunstein option.
But then there's also some mentally ill people out there that think nothing's real because
they've lost confidence in the government.
See, a lot of idiots now know the government's lying, so they don't believe anything.
Just cuz the government's lying all the time and doing stuff doesn't mean that everything
is a lie.
Or does it mean that nothing happened at Sandy Hook?
No, no, no, no, if they ever got a chance to kill some real kids, they're going to.
Cuz they enjoy their work.
Cuz if you've killed adults and stuff, I mean, the only thing that really makes you feel
dark and powerful is to kill little kids.
I mean, I've studied history, I've studied criminology, and our hearts go out to that
little boy's parents.
But I pray for him, he's with his Heavenly Father right now in a better place, and when
we all die, we'll join him in Valhalla.
But I don't think we've reached that stage in our lives yet, have we?
I have extreme empathy for people.
I don't have a transitory, fake, emotional thing, where I only have empathy when the
government and the media tells me it's okay.
Iraqis kill them all, glass parking lot, they're not human, yeah.
But then you see somebody, they tell you to care about your life, it's terrible, and then
they were gonna say, the Tea Party blew him up.
Can you believe those dirty gun owners?
MSNBC was gonna come on and act real sad and go, the little boy killed by the gun owners,
killed by the dirty Tea Party people.
We're gonna go to commercial, the President's coming back with his press conference right
now.
Is there nothing the Tea Party won't do?
They're so in love, we better take their guns.
We come back, I'm gonna give the number out and take your phone calls on this situation.
Do you agree with me this is the biggest thing ever?
What is your take on this?
They think you're so stupid that they would have Army, Navy SEALs, special ops people
everywhere with giant black bags hiding in doorways, standing around Saudis, standing
around rednecks they were gonna set up.
It does look like the redneck's bag that matches, that's why he fits into so many points.
And then we break it, it's confirmed, they're in total damage control only showing the Saudis
in freefall craziness with emergency meetings at the White House with the Saudi foreign
minister.
This is cuckoo land.
This is totally insane and I cannot believe that there's not more people in the media
that will cover this and talk about it.
That it's in fallwars.com and my crew and drudgereport.com that linked to it yesterday
night and this morning.
I mean, it's just, it is so incredible.
But again, they just hope it just kind of sits there and the media, all guaranteed in
newsrooms everywhere.
They wanna run with the photos of the Navy SEALs and the Army and the redneck.
And you know MSNBC and CNN had it all loaded days ago.
The photos were now, they had to build it up, who done it, and they were already ready.
That's why they were like saying, yeah, it's a lone wolf and it's not Saudi Arabia.
That's what we're getting from the Justice Department, Axelrod says, but we're not gonna
tell you yet.
We wanna make sure they're like, we got these people.
Come on, can't we break it?
Can't we release the redneck patsy first?
No, no, they've got him on ice.
Just get ready.
Gotta build this up before we destroy the tea party.
All right.
But you waited too long, didn't you?
That's a lesson for you.
You waited too long because we had you off balance exposing false flag and taking over
the press conference that you were looking at things.
And while you waited, we hurt you bad.
But they're not destroyed yet, they're still dangerous.
Introducing pro one, all of your filtration in one system portable on the go.
No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolicic
acid.
Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one
filter element.
It is the only one that does it and out of the gates.
We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your pro pure with a new pro one filters a day at info war store.com or by calling
888-253-3139.
Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers, the prognosis for the entire planetary
economic system runs from bad to worse.
The globalist model is to shut down societies and starve patriots out until they acquiesce
to the global takeover.
That's why we've assembled the most vital and important preparedness items at info wars
shop.com.
These are items that I did research on that I personally use.
We've got the life straw so you can turn fetid water into safe water anywhere you go.
The Ktor hand crank generator to charge up key equipment during power outages are out
in the field.
Strategic relocation third edition by Joel Skousen when disaster strikes by Matthew Stein.
Thera safe used by Homeland Security to protect yourself during any radiological event and
crank shortwave AM FM radios.
Everything that we've researched and found to be the best is available at info war shop.com
and your purchase makes our info war possible.
We're getting prepared.
Are you info wars shop.com.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the cow
Ben soap company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth friendly and safe.
See them on the web at five star soap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soap for all your cleaning
needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at five star soap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
They're all pretty freaked out right now.
Resistance to tyrants is obedience to God.
It's Alex Jones.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
These words like violence break the silence at MSNBC, CNN, Fox News, everywhere.
They're being told since yesterday, don't show the photos.
Don't show the photos that Alex Jones broke at info wars.com that show the Saudi Arabians
with what looks like bombs strapped to them right there where the bombs went off.
Don't show the redneck patsies they had set up with cop handlers right next to them.
Don't show all the Navy Seals with black backpacks and special forces everywhere.
Don't show it.
And then you watch this morning as the Justice Department came out and released the very
photo but not all the others as we predicted they would do.
And they said they had who did it in custody and we're gonna release it, but then panicked
and pulled back because then everyone's gonna see all the other John Doe's, all the other
patsies.
They always do that to confuse everything.
At the Kennedy assassination, they had Italian hitmen, special forces hitmen.
They had French hitmen.
They had all these people there and different brigades and CIA and a whole army brigade
standing by for riot control the day before in Dallas.
All of this going on.
So that it's just such a confusing thing because the public thinks of it as one guy coming
after you.
And then they said two days ago, they said Tuesday night, they said we now know it's
a lone person, not the Saudis, not a Middle Eastern, Axelrod says so.
And then by yesterday morning, it was yes, yes, it looks like it's gonna be tea party.
It's gonna be a right winger.
We're not allowed to say more now, but sources, something's moving quickly.
We're going to find out now.
We're gonna be able to tell you who did it.
We're gonna be able to break all this down now.
Ladies and gentlemen, it's the white male.
It's the lone person.
There weren't two people.
There's only one.
And now we see all these people with backpacks, black backpacks looking suspicious.
And the whole thing is blown wide open, and now we have the Navy SEALs with the Navy SEAL
caps walking around directing the police on video.
Guys, will you show the footage of the Navy SEAL with the radiation detector?
Right after the bombs go off, right there in command, and the other guys are standing
around on the street with their big old black backpacks.
And they were standing right there at the end, right there with the guys that blow everything
up, reportedly.
And no, we shouldn't put all these people on the news and ask, who are they?
Cuz there was no drill, even though people said, yeah, people were kind of freaking out
over all the backpacks and dogs, and there was announcements of don't be worried, this
is just a drill.
It was a drill all right, wasn't it?
We even know the type of radiation detector that is, but look, more photos, there's the
very guys running around.
There's more of the Navy SEALs, because that was the unofficial uniform.
The brown combat boots, tan combat boots, tan pants, and black shirts, that was so they
could identify each other.
And they're running around with the inspector radiation alert detector.
So they're there for a bombing drill right where the real bombers just so happen to show
up.
It's almost like, well, they were there obviously stopping and no, they were sent there to do
a drill in case the operatives with the real bombs got caught, they could say they were
part of the drill.
I've been explaining that to you since Monday.
And look, another SEAL, and that's the CRAFT, and what they do is they create organizations
like CRAFT that are really still under national security, so they even have more laws.
Look, look at all the guys with CRAFT insignia, dozens and dozens and dozens.
All these photos coming out, that call Paul Watson, I know Natural News has found more
in post here, to have Watson double doppelganger, all this up to infowars.com.
I know we have most of these, but these are some new ones.
In fact, Teledon and them just copied that article over infowars.com and prisonpond.com.
And look, there's Chris Coll, wearing the exact same outfit, black hat, Punisher Navy
SEAL logo with the red seal on the head, and then the tan pants and the tan boots, that
is the uniform.
And then silting six, silting three, all of them have different versions of that.
And they are crawling all over the event, right next to the guys that detonate.
And there's CRAFT International Expo, them all in uniform.
That's how they dress, that's what they do.
Also Blackwater does that, but they tend to wear black bottoms and black tops.
They all like uniforms, so that's their uniform, so they can all recognize each other.
And the public doesn't even know what they're looking at.
And by the way, we also found some photos of bear claws, people with Blackwater insignias
running around everywhere.
I mean, you had like a mercenary convention down at the end of this thing.
And we go, here's the Saudis, here's the rednecks, here's the handlers right next to them.
I said, they'll probably now when we expose this, go with the Saudis if they're smart.
No one's gonna buy the tea party now, cuz that'll really create scrutiny.
And then they canceled the press conference, as I predicted, they canceled the press conference
and now are saying, we're still looking.
And I don't know who they're gonna say now.
And boy, I feel sorry for the little patsies, if they're even still alive, they may be,
they probably have already been put into an acid bath.
I mean, how dumb do they think we're, there's no drill, they told our reporter.
And then the national media said, how dare Alex Jones, the mega troll, that was the,
was that Yahoo News?
How dare the mega troll send his reporter to ask about a non-existent drill, the scum,
the scum.
And Glenn Beck spent 30 minutes yesterday, last night our crew heard it rebroadcast about
the terrible conspiracy site.
We all know who it is that says there was security people there and that there was a
drill.
God, Alex Jones is just so low.
I mean, there's nothing he won't do, he's so horrible, I mean, he's such a bad man.
By the way, here's Harry Reid saying how dare people, the black helicopter people, talk
about false flags.
They're very upset right now, people are talking about false flags.
They don't want you to look up a false flag, a self-inflicted wound, an inside job.
It's a government frame up or a corporate frame up to take your rights, to say you're
all suspects.
Now we're gonna spawn you without warrants, which they're already doing.
Now we're gonna have checkpoints and you're gonna pay our private contracting firms to
have Kraft International and Blackwater and everybody else sticking their hands down your
wife's pants.
Cuz they're Navy SEALs, let's pay you $200,000 a piece to walk around acting tough everywhere.
Yes, yes, the whole takeover of our society turning us into a cross of Baghdad and Israel.
I don't wanna live in the West Bank, I'm not a suspect, I didn't do jack squat, our borders
are wide open.
I wanna get your take on all of this 800-259-90231, 800-259-9031, 800-259-9231.
And good job to Michael Savage covering this and saying false flag, cuz Paul Watson heard
it last night, he listens to it.
And a bunch of other people are out there, and great job to Drudge Report last night
carrying our story, absolutely great job.
And again, we've broken this, we tend to just move on to the next thing.
I want my whole crew, just like National News is doing, I want an article with all the SEAL
photos in it.
I mean, they were crawling the area, crawling the area.
And yesterday, I immediately saw this, I said, that's a SEAL outfit.
And then sure enough, we find they've got SEAL insignias everywhere, 800-259-9231.
And again, the media, I know how they act, they'll say, in their force report, they'll
go, Alex Jones, that scum said SEALs did it, of course, I never said that.
I said they were there to just be part of the drill, it's a smokescreen where everybody,
now it looks like they had 100 people there.
No other bags were allowed, the cops would arrest you, make you put in your car.
But if you were authorized, everybody bring your black bags, so there's no way to ever
find the black bag.
So there's so many, it's just, well, you're authorized, that's kind of your undercover
thing.
Have a big black backpack and you're allowed to be here.
So that somebody can be like, well, I've got my credentials, let me just leave this right
here next to Hillbilly.
Hillbilly, you've done well for America, I'll be back, I'm gonna get a drink, you want one?
Thanks for helping us out with this drill, Bob.
You're gonna be going to prison, you idiot.
Oh, Bob, you wanna, would you like a Sprite or a Coke, Bob?
I'll be right back in a moment, Bob.
Bob, why don't we sit over here by this little kid?
Hi, son, how you doing?
Okay, get ready, two minutes, all right, I'll be back, get that drink.
See, you gotta watch in the videos, he's walking off, we see it, guys in the outfits, okay.
Bob, you have a good time there with that.
We gotta look at the Saudi who was injured and then all that they released, we gotta
look at it all.
But see, most of these people will be killed very, very quickly now.
And this is like the JFK deal, it's this big, I predict they're gonna kill a bunch of the
seals that were there.
I predict you're gonna be dying in car wrecks, you're gonna be dying of heart attacks, you'll
get shot at shooting ranges, you're all dead.
So the only chance you've got is to go public right now with what you know.
Oh, I know, I know, you're still hearing this going, well, it was a drill and it did look
like a setup.
And they'll come in and brief you, now, that guy's a conspiracy theorist, it does look
like there was something going on and they, Al-Qaeda may have infiltrated, this is what
they'll tell you, cuz I've done it before.
The head of the FBI was telling his underlings after 9-11, well, it looks like Al-Qaeda's
penetrated us, that's how all this happened, yeah, that's how we had prior knowledge and
stuff and stood down, they've infiltrated.
And they'll tell the seal guys, they'll tell you, men, we've been infiltrated and they
used our drill as a cover for their operation, national security, now, don't talk about it.
We're gonna send you on a trip next week, we'll put a bunch of you on a helicopter,
so have fun getting on that helicopter.
Hey, you signed on to be secret agent man, secret agent man, and you better get right
with Jesus right now, too, cuz you're gonna be in a pine box on a slow train for Georgia.
But don't worry, there'll be funerals for you, governors will come out and they'll salute
the brave, just like Seal Team 6, you're dead, they'll be killing you now.
Hey, you signed on to be tough guys, signed on, think about that little 8-year-old kid
who's dead, Martin Richard, shattered, blown up by a bomb, collateral damage according
to the New World Order to get our guns and blame the Tea Party, 800-259-9031, your phone
calls coming up and the gun grabber clip, straight ahead, stay with us.
Gold isn't for you?
Ted Anderson, president of Midas Resources, one of the world's premier gold and precious
metal investing firms.
I get it.
You wouldn't buy gold if you believed that the government is doing a great job, that
the Fed will stop handing out trillions of dollars like bailout candy, that social security
would be there for you.
That's not what's happening.
You might even pass on gold if the stimulus package wouldn't fuel inflation, or that the
dollar wouldn't lose value, or that your retirement would be secure.
If all looks rosy to you, then now is not the time to buy gold.
For the realists, there have never been more sobering reasons to diversify with gold.
Since 2001, the US dollar index has tanked 30% while gold has risen 300%.
Right now, savvy investors are adding gold to their portfolios.
You should too.
Find out what they know.
Call us and I'll send you 10 reasons why gold will do very well free, 800-686-2237, 800-686-2237.
That's 800-686-2237.
Do you suffer from low functioning adrenal or thyroid gland?
Did you know that mercury from your dental fillings comes off your teeth both as a vapor
and as metal particles into your body?
Wherever mercury deposits in your body, it stops cells from functioning normally.
Animal studies show that mercury causes kidney function to drop by 60%.
Mercury deposited into your adrenals or thyroid will cause a corresponding drop in function.
The number one method by which your body detoxifies itself of mercury is glutathione.
The number one superfood that helps turn on all 75 trillion cells in your body to produce
glutathione is non-denatured whey protein from grass-fed cows.
After investigating most high-end whey proteins on the market, only one is the most non-denatured,
the most active, the most complete, and in our opinion, the most powerful in what nature
originally put into the fresh raw whey.
It is One World Whey.
Call 888-988-3325.
That's 888-988-3325.
Or visit OneWorldWhey.com.
That's OneWorldW-H-E-Y.com.
In the last two years alone, the U.S. has seen huge losses to our food supply.
In 2011, storms and floods raged across the U.S., costing us $20 billion in lost crops
alone.
In 2012, we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years.
You may think out of sight, out of mind, and so you don't think you will be affected.
The fact is you are.
We all are.
Food shortages drive prices up for everyone.
You might not be able to control Mother Nature, but you can control your food prices by freezing
the cost and availability of your food supply with eFoods Direct.
Be prepared before you need it with nutrient-dense food you can store for up to 25 years.
You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you.
Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best, durable foods out there from
eFoods Direct.
Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at eFoodsDirect.com.
And check out their spring specials.
Again, that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at eFoodsDirect.com.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
Don't throw away leftovers.
Instead, throw all your leftovers, vegetable peels, eggshells, coffee grounds, pizza crusts,
and more into the Bokashi.
If you love to garden and compost but don't like the hassle of turning a compost bin or
the smell, then check out the EM Bokashi Food Waste Recycling System from Tereganics.
Finally, a way to recycle all your food and plant waste safely and effectively and stop
using fertilizers.
The EM Bokashi Food Waste Recycling System.
Rather than decomposition, the Bokashi system uses fermentation to break down waste so it
takes less time to create nutrient-dense humus for crops or gardens with no turning and no
obnoxious odors.
To learn more and order your Bokashi online, visit Tereganics.com and click on the orange
button.
That's Tereganics.com, spelled T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X dot com or call 866-369-3678.
That's 866-369-3678.
Fill all your food wastes in about six weeks with the Bokashi Food Waste Recycling System
from Tereganics.com.
Tereganics.
Life's getting better.
And if things don't change soon, they will.
First step was touching the moon.
Monday through Friday, 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Central, back weeknight, 7 o'clock.
With Info Wars Nightly News, if you go to InfoWars.com forward slash listen, we have
the free audio and video streams of this show that will go till 5 o'clock today.
We'll take a two-hour break, be back at 7 o'clock with hours of coverage of the imploding
cover-up.
I mean, this has never before happened.
It always goes bad for them because not everybody's in on the criminal action.
99% aren't, so the cops see the feds involved in Oklahoma City.
People see the underwear bomber being gotten on the plane by the US government, on and
on and on.
They always get quasi-caught, but they just think they can call us conspiracy theorists.
But now you've got a Navy SEAL convention, what looks like a Green Beret retiree convention.
And by the way, you just become a Green Beret to then get recruited into Black Ops.
There's like five more levels above it, at least.
There's levels above Delta Force, and the most accurate thing is in that movie No Way
Out with Kevin Costner.
And he goes, who are these men?
They're following me.
He goes, they're men formerly associated with Special Forces.
It looks like those exact guys like crouching in doorways with big black backpacks looking
out like they're on.
I mean, this is so bad, folks.
This is so bad.
All right, I said I'd go to your phone calls.
We'll get into all the other news in the two hours after it, and the stations are more
than welcome to carry the nightly news.
We have some radio stations now actually carrying the nightly news and putting in their own
ads.
So cable systems are picking it up and just downloading it after it airs and putting it
in themselves.
Soon we'll be launching on satellite.
I'm always just so busy fighting the New World Order.
We don't get the rest of it done, but we're getting close.
And thanks for all your support.
We couldn't do it without you.
I want to go to your phone calls.
This is a short segment.
Got a bunch of gun grabber clips coming up.
If you just joined me, they were gonna roll out who did it.
We have the suspect arrested.
We're gonna roll out who we think did it, dun, dun, dun.
And I went dun, dun, dun, got the photos, all your people with them.
Don't try it.
We actually don't.
With all their guys jumping the gun going, it's lone wolf tea party.
Remember yesterday morning and afternoon before this happened?
They're like, it's lone wolf.
We told you it's white tea party.
They don't want us to say yet, but we were right.
It's you evil gun owner, sorry, you don't get to do that now, do you?
Or you may go ahead with it.
You may double down and just come out with it.
And so what?
You got everybody around them with the other bombs and then unexploded devices.
Looks like you guys had a bunch of bombs planned to go off, but things didn't work out the
way you wanted at your Navy SEAL convention.
And again, the Navy SEALs are just there for cover in the whole confusion.
And all the Boston cops know it like, wow, wow, mom, those are Navy SEALs.
They can defeat King Kong.
And sure, Navy SEALs are tough guys, strong, smart, generally.
But they're still just men, folks.
They kind of build this whole thing up.
You know about these are the most incredible people on Earth.
Really, are they incredible enough to now go public?
That there was a drill and they were there and probably saved their lives?
Do they have the moral courage that Pat Tillman had?
This is right letters home going, we grow the drugs here.
There's no real war.
This is all a hoax.
The government runs the Taliban.
You're dead, Pat Tillman, boom.
You got the courage of Pat Tillman, who I admire, because he had real moral courage?
Are you gonna just play along whatever narrative they feed you Navy SEALs?
And I'm serious, a lot of you are gonna have accidents.
I know how the globalists operate, they will.
I would say most of the team involved in this, you're dead.
Just like I told Private Lynch, I said they've already killed four members of your unit that
spoke out and say that you were a coward and hid and weren't involved in the fighting.
And then hid when Jerry Bruckheimer produced the rescue at the hospital.
Yeah, Jerry Bruckheimer produced it over sat phone and sat video when they went in.
That came out in the BBC.
And I said, you better go Public Lynch or they're gonna kill you and go our dead patriot
Private Lynch.
And she came out the next day.
I don't know if she got my message or somebody else told her and said, it's all fake.
They told me to lie.
I wasn't a hero.
I apologize.
It was the men in the resupply thing that fought off the Iraqis and then got overrun
and they took us to the hospital.
And I hid the whole time and I'm sorry.
This is propaganda to get women in the military and they didn't have to kill her then cuz
she was missing.
They killed Pat Tillman and said he died charging the machine gun nest, battling Al-Qaeda.
And then the army coroner wouldn't lie and said, no, it's homicide.
They killed him.
They first shot him at a distance.
He begged behind the rock and said, I'm friendly.
I'm friendly.
He got back up.
They shot him again.
And then they got up there and triple tapped him at about five feet away with an M16.
They shot him across the frontal lobe, bullets going, three bullets going into the cerebral
cortex as he flopped around on the ground with wounds all over his body, saying, I'm
friendly.
I'm friendly.
Oh, they knew you were friendly, buddy.
They knew how friendly you are to America and they murdered you.
Oh, but I'm supposed to not talk about that.
I'm supposed to be a big schmuck, a big chump, a big cowardly fool.
No, I have sworn on the altar of God, eternal resistance against every form of tyranny over
the mind of men.
And I'm going into the black hole in, through and beyond ramming speed.
I am splitting the accelerator all the way down, pedal to the metal, slamming it down
and I'm chaining myself to this craft, going straight into the enemy forward.
We're on the march.
The empire's on the run.
Alex Jones and the GCN radio network.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your
arsenal for home protection when you're sleeping or away from home.
Who's watching out for intruders.
Check out simply safe.
It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to get simply safe.com.
Simply safe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power.
So even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit or shed.
Get simply safe.com.
Simply safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no
need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but simply safe will stand guard protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's get simply safe.com.
In the last two years alone, the U.S. has seen huge losses to our food supply.
In 2011, storms and floods raged across the U.S., costing us 20 billion in lost crops
alone.
In 2012, we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years.
You may think out of sight, out of mind, and so you don't think you will be affected.
The fact is you are.
We all are.
Food shortages drive prices up for everyone.
You might not be able to control Mother Nature, but you can control your food prices by freezing
the cost and availability of your food supply with eFoods Direct.
Be prepared before you need it with nutrient-dense food you can store for up to 25 years.
You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you.
Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best, durable foods out there from
eFoods Direct.
Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex and
check out their spring specials.
Again, that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
I had tried everything.
I'd cut back the amount of food I was eating.
I was lifting weights and jogging, but nothing was working.
My body was literally starving for minerals and trace elements as well as key vitamins.
And as soon as I had that, I immediately could eat half of what I was eating previously and
be satisfied.
Now, there are hundreds of great products at InfowarsTeam.com, but I want to point out
the three that have helped me lose 37 pounds in just two months.
Products like Beyond Tangy Tangerine, Holland Burst, and Rebound.
When I started taking the Tangy Tangerine and other products every day, I lost more
than 37 pounds in just two months.
Now that's results.
I want to challenge my listeners to go to InfowarsTeam.com and to order just three of
their products.
And you will see the changes in the way you look, feel, and in your appetite almost immediately.
Start your journey to health and wellness today, InfowarsTeam.com.
I have sworn upon the altar of God, eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over
the mind of man.
Thomas Jefferson.
That's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Join me in defeating tyranny.
Throw fear to the wind.
Realize the only way through this is to realize the enemy operations and to grow up and face
the monsters that lurk and inhabit our government and major corporations.
The only way to be free is to be free and stand as free men and women have done throughout
history and declare your independence.
Declare your independence at a spiritual subatomic level.
Declare your independence in your soul, in your will, in your intellect.
And then that will will work its will upon the world.
Being free is a decision.
That's all you have to do is commit to truth and ask God to open your heart, open your
mind and to use you as a vessel against evil.
Say that prayer and turn yourself fully over to life and the Holy Spirit and the universe
will open up and the living water of Jesus Christ will flow straight out of the time
space continuum and you will truly be free.
All right, I want to go to your calls or I'll never get to them.
We're doing two hours at least, maybe three hours of overdrive after this show today.
It'll be audio video streams at info wars dot com forward slash listen and also find
the streams at prison planet dot com prison planet dot TV.
And I get wound up here.
I mean, I get right down to the guts, right down to who I am.
It sounds wild.
It sounds like, you know, a movie of what?
But those are based on how people really act when they've committed to something.
When you fully know the danger and just commit to it and go through it, it's it's it's it's
a spiritual decision.
And I want to know the whole truth, nothing but the truth.
So help me, God.
And I want to be strong in the face of the tyrants.
I want to defend little eight year old boys like Martin Richard, who they're using for
their tyranny and and watching Americans be so sentimental and crying and the goodness
and hey, we're going to have courage and all this.
But it's only so they can take our sentimentality and say you're going to have courage with
the army.
Check in your check in your I.D. now and you walk down the street, you're going to have
courage when we take your bank account without a warrant.
You're going to have courage when we arrest gun owners for 10 round mags are up.
You're going to have to see it's all about and the government's the big papa.
Oh, you did good when the bombing happened.
You know, the patriotism, the patriotism, you mean for the New World Order?
That's not the patriotism.
They are preying on you and it's cynical, it's disgusting and it's horrible to admit
to yourself.
I know it is.
But I have never had anything but success against these people when I would expose.
Three thousand, two thousand dollar a day fines on old people taking their houses for
three inch grass.
It would it would stop them when I would fight for people with a CPS going after their kids.
We would stop them.
But I couldn't do all the cases.
I couldn't help.
I'd help one.
And then hundreds would come and I was like other people, you need to help them.
And then I have to triage this.
Triage is where I had to turn it off and just go, I can't you know, the hundreds of families
a day having their kids taken in most cases for absolutely no reason.
I have to just sit there and go, well, I'll work till 10 tonight.
I'll do another video on vaccines killing people when I read about the vaccines killing
people.
I'll do another.
You know, like when I'm totally tired, got a headache, exhausted, I will literally go
in my office and just get down on my knees and say, God, give me energy, give me strength
to fight.
And then and then my subconscious, the devil and everyone to call comes is all looking
at a bad job.
Look how obnoxious you are.
It doesn't matter.
My heart's right.
I'm doing the best job I can.
And I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, if you're not on your knees at least once
a day.
Really trying to get close to God in times like these or something wrong with you.
And you can knock God all day, but notice as God has gotten out of our lives and as
Christ has gotten out of our lives, look at what America is turning into.
Just look at it.
Just look at it.
Just look.
And I don't point to corrupt churches and say, oh, you want me to go to that?
No, that's part of the problem.
That's all Christ talked about was corrupt churches of his day.
And then Paul, the fake Christian churches, the Pharisees in there.
But it's the reality that that that that people have become willfully evil, willfully arrogant
or like, I don't care what's happening.
All I want to do is go have a good time.
But when you're like that, having the good time isn't fun.
I mean, so many men using this as an analogy that have never really had success with women.
They once they do later in life, run around crazy with all these sexual partners, all
this stuff because they were never fulfilled.
But when it's just empty, sex stops even being good if there's not that love there.
And there's not that real connection, both people just get emptied out, it's not even
real anymore.
So people do wilder and wilder things trying to find the what so many decadent people just
get more and more decadent and more and more empty, whereas if you love somebody, it just
gets better and better.
It's the same thing.
Evil is not going to fulfill you.
The people involved in this bombing, you're not fulfilled.
Most of you are turned over to evil completely.
You're on a power trip that you're in on the big secret.
Let me tell you, you're not in on a lot of it.
I'm in on all of it because I've studied history.
I'm in on all of it.
I can decompart mentalize their entire operation because I've studied it with a serious mind.
And let me tell you, this thing is a man eating bear trap.
You don't want to be part of.
Let's go to these calls.
I apologize.
This is Rick in Virginia.
You're on the air, Rick.
What's your take on all this?
Yeah, well, I found a news article from the New York magazine claiming that there's going
to be pictures of the two suspects coming out today.
But within this news article, it's not claiming that the two suspects have gone viral in all
these pictures.
It's going to be two other suspects and these two suspects in the pictures have gone viral.
The guy in the blue jacket is actually a teenage kid who's running on his school's track team.
And the guy in his white hat and black backpack is actually his track coach.
Just wanted your thoughts on that.
Now I've said over and over again, they'll come out with cover stories and they'll put
forward a distraction away from the original redneck patsies that they were going to roll
out.
They're going to have cover stories.
They're going to try to spin this.
But my whole point is we put out all the suspicious groups with the backpacks and they've chosen
to go with this.
You understand?
Send me that article, send me that article.
What's the headline on that article?
It is images of Boston suspects, not the guys on the post front page will be released today.
It is images of suspects, not the guys on the post front page will be released today.
And let's scroll down to it.
Let's scroll down to the images they're talking about.
Yeah, there you go.
Spin machine and high drive.
Why don't they release all the Navy Seal photos, the redneck photos, the guys crouching in
doorways with bags?
They're saying there was no drill.
When it's clear, they were having a giant drill right there.
So we will continue to follow with all of that.
Now if you look at that guy with the bag, the black bag with the silver stripe, that's
what matches what the FBI is saying what's left.
And I believe that's who they claim they were gonna arrest and that that's their patsy.
Now who knows what they'll try now, but again, the big story here is that they're swarming
drill going on with special forces, what looks like Army and Navy everywhere.
I mean literally by the flags where this happened and they've denied the drill when they were
announcing the drill.
And they've tried to grab all the victims and keep them quiet.
So again, we know there was a major drill going on.
And we know they said that they had already arrested the guy.
Why is it their investigation now that they didn't have the press conference?
You see what I'm saying?
Yeah.
And again, why are they trying to divert, and again, there's other Saudis that they've
arrested and then released or gone to their houses.
And then you've got meeting with the Saudi ambassador out of the blue.
And again, they do it cuz they know the simple minds can't understand what's going on with
all this.
But my point is we were the first to release all these photos in the media.
Have you noticed none of the media now, yesterday kept their mouth shut, didn't run with this
even when it was on Drudge and then only showed the photos, even though they've been showing
a guy on the roof until the FBI said it was okay.
Does that show how controlled they are?
I'm not saying that I don't believe anything, I just want to hear-
No, no, Rick, Rick, I want your take on it.
I want to hear what you have to say.
You don't have to agree with me.
I'm saying, do you see what I'm saying?
The big story is the cover up of the drill.
I appreciate your call.
Let's talk to Chad in Kentucky.
Chad, you're on the air.
Go ahead.
Yeah, I was watching a live leak from a local Boston channel reporting on what was going
on at the courthouse.
They had a helicopter footage and it literally looked like you were watching a movie.
They had military outside the courthouse with AR-15s protecting it while they kicked everyone
out of the courthouse.
Then they showed this van with tinted windows with the military person hanging off the side,
go zoom up the street, back into the courthouse, and it looked like they basically took someone
out and-
Yeah, do me a favor, find that video and send it.
I actually saw some of that walking by, I think it was CNN during a break, but you get
dangy when you're on the air this much.
That's what I'm saying.
That's the courthouse where they were saying they were gonna have the press conference
in front of it.
And then they sent another location and then they run in exactly, they wanted to get the
media out to get rid.
They said, we've arrested, we have the suspect, and then here comes the black van to get them
out of there to sleep with the fishes or whatever happened to them.
So yes, what was that Boston station?
Boston helicopter?
It was wcvb.com, the Boston channel.
I sent it to Rob Dew's email.
What time did you send that?
Probably about an hour ago.
All right, guys, go tell Dew we're calling, because I know the building's big, just keep
like getting the space next to us and next to us.
We have the whole building is like an aircraft carrier.
We got room to grow here.
But thank you, gosh, I should have been going to more of your calls, absolutely.
That was the way, in my opinion, the most likely thing, that's what I do is approximations.
The most likely thing is, cuz they said, we have him, we're gonna have a press conference,
we got the guy.
We got him, yay!
And that's like, no, no, we don't, no, we don't, because they've decided to go with
some other plan.
To then take all the guys with the backpacks, pick the ones that maybe aren't involved or
are Middle Eastern that are a rabbit trail or maybe are, they cover it up, and then they
get rid of it.
But the media had already jumped the gun and said, it's lone wolf, not foreign, it's right
wingers.
They had already jumped the gun because they wanted to be first, and they've all got White
House connections, MSNBC and others.
I mean, do you see how big that is, or do you have other points you'd like to add?
No, I definitely see how big it is.
I think they were probably gonna roll out the white right wing guy, probably the guy
in the blue robe that was holding that backpack.
But then as soon as we got all the videos and photos out, they couldn't do it.
Yeah, so maybe they'll get some other schizophrenic or something, they'll probably electro shocking
somebody right now where they won't know what they are for a month.
And you turn it up on hot and then they'll roll him out drooling or who knows?
I mean, who knows?
Or they may be torturing the guy, get him to confess or before they roll him out.
I have no idea.
I mean, I just know McVeigh was assigned the second most famous mind control doctor in
US history, Jolyon West, the protege of the CIA director of MK Ultra, Dr. Ewan Cameron,
and that's History Channel documentaries.
But and then they're like, never mind, the top mind control doctor is McVeigh's doctor.
And then McVeigh would get off the drugs and tell people in jail cells next to him, I'm
under mind control.
I'm Army Special Forces.
They set me up.
And then Nichols signed an affidavit saying that.
Plus, that's what all the cops I talked to in Oklahoma City said.
McVeigh was totally set up and I've been telling people last week, I said Monday before this
even happened, because the show led into it.
I remember saying, people can look this up, I remember saying, look, if you're in the
military or police, don't be part of these drills, cuz one out of 100, they're gonna
blow you up.
Man, you can't be any more on target than that.
So yeah, we'll see what happens, and absolutely.
That's why I said they were gonna go with the rednecks, but they went with the Saudis,
whether they're real or not, as a divert.
And then they probably had other backup rednecks in the area too that aren't in the photo,
but they're scared.
They're going over all the photos to see if we've got photos of the rednecks next to their
handlers.
And again, I wouldn't wanna be those rednecks right now.
Poor guys, they were like, be part of a special program to help America.
And we wanna be part of a drill, just like 7-7 with those Arabs, I wanna help America.
Good Billy, you're gonna help them now, are you ready?
I mean, it's just so sick.
All right, thank you, God bless you.
Let's go to Matt in Alabama, you're on the air.
How are you doing today?
Pretty good.
I just wanna say thank you so much for breaking the news yesterday.
And I was trying to post it as quick as you were breaking it on Facebook, and they were
editing and taking it away as quick as I was-
Oh, yeah, Facebook is a pump and dump scam by the Bilderbergs, he officially intends
it, he calls us dumb efforts.
We use it just to expose them, but yeah, they censor everything.
People try to do articles about Benghazi cover up, they'll shut down your account.
I mean, Facebook is a stinking joke.
Go ahead.
I know, and I'm part of the military and I'm a veteran, a surgeon of brains and also trained
as a police officer.
So this thing stinks to high heaven, and what we need to do is troll Facebook to see if
we can find names to faces that you have posted on the pictures to see if maybe we might be
able to find somebody who-
Yeah, yeah, that's what Ja'Kari Jackson, we'll call it a two hour investigation, I'll let
them cover some other news and then for like 20 minutes on SOPA and a bunch of other stuff
at the end, I want the guys to open the phones up and just take your humet intelligence and
tips from callers because it's been you.
It's the listeners that are doing this and I should have been taking more calls, I just
get so wound up and caught up in my own analysis.
But why do you, as a Marine and a guy that trains police, what signs are you seeing?
What do you see as the biggest smoking gun, all these special forces at the end of the
race?
Yeah, that's correct.
I think the focus was on the Newtown kids, so we need to figure out if they were parents
against gun control, parents with gun control to see if, because I think they could have
exploited that as well, that they really didn't because of the breaking news you broke.
Oh yeah, I mean there's no doubt they're going to try to say it's probably gunpowder out
of reloading so we can't have gunpowder.
And I just want to make one more quick statement so that you can get to other callers.
Yeah, go ahead.
I liked it when we had Kordoran from Smashing Pumpkins on there, now I think to get him
on there to get him to do a piece on it, to expose on a different angle like he was saying
during a couple weeks ago with his other interview, I think that would be able to bring other
audience to you.
I agree.
Listen, I want to explain something, God bless you sir.
I'm not even trying to get an audience.
I'll be honest, if we were to defeat the current globalist and turn back the tide and everything,
I'd come in here three hours a day to the radio show and promote homeschooling or something.
I mean, I'll be honest, I'd like nothing better, this new earpiece is so painful, man, I got
a new earpiece, it hurts like a torture device in my ear compared to those other ones.
Maybe put a new tip on here, the old style tip in here, so I keep pulling it in out of
my ear for TV viewers.
I want everybody to spread the word about Infowars.com and PrisonBunny.com because you
either become big fish or you get eaten.
We are in incredible danger.
I tell people that come to work here that I mean, you're getting into the real deal.
This is not a game and I need people's prayers.
I need your support.
I need your financial support.
I need you to buy the books, the seeds, the water filters, the horrible food from efoodsdirect.com
forward slash Alex.
They got 25% off this month, by the way, I need people to support all our sponsors.
God bless you.
I appreciate your call, sir.
We're gonna come back and talk to Colin and Joe and Jeremy and Chad and Tracy and a bunch
of other people, but I mean, this is not your average little egomaniac show where the host
is on the air and has butterflies and loves going to Hollywood galas and loves strutting
around and things.
I mean, I just could care less, literally, literally.
I would be hunting and fishing and hiking and oil painting and going to art shows.
I'm like a redneck that likes art and literature and poetry and the symphony and also country
music and heavy metal and bluegrass and rock and roll and I just love my wife and my kids
and I'm just here to fight these murderers.
I mean, I see them.
I know who they are.
God gave me an intellect to fight these people and it's my job to burn them down.
I will, with your help, we'll be right back.
Stay with us in fullwars.com.
That is the site the enemy does not want you to visit.
Get our articles, get them out to everybody right now.
This is key.
Hello, this is Ty Bollinger, author of the bestselling book Cancer Step Outside the Box.
I want you to know some very important information.
In 1985, President Ronald Reagan requested that Carnivora be sent directly to the White
House at a time when only the President could obtain this world-class healer.
Now, 27 years later, Carnivora capsules are used around the world to keep people healthy.
Now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in this age of superbugs with 17 naturally
occurring compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal cells only without harming a single
normal cell.
If you want to stay healthy, now's your chance to literally wake up your critical immune
cells to attack harmful invaders that don't belong in your body.
Call 1-866-Venus-Fly or order from Carnivora.com, that's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A.com.
That's 1-866-836-8735, 1-866-Venus-Fly or visit Carnivora.com.
Protect your immune system.
It's the only one you've got.
Start life over.
Spend more quality time with your family.
Make more vacations.
Own your own business.
Be healthy and earn the kind of income you've always dreamed of.
Is it possible?
Yes, with Young Jevity.
To learn more, go to InfowarsTeam.com, that's InfowarsTeam.com, then pre-register for the
Spring Young Jevity Convention, May 2nd through 4th in Las Vegas, Nevada, and guess who will
be there?
Hi, I'm Dr. Joel Wallach, the dead doctors don't lie guy, and I prescribe the Healthy
Body Challenge and I'll be there.
Hi, this is pharmacist Ben Fuchs, and I'm taking the Healthy Body Challenge and I will
be there.
Hi, I'm Dr. Peter Glidden, I'm doing the Healthy Body Challenge and I'll see you at the Young
Jevity Conference in May.
Take the Healthy Body Challenge and don't miss the Young Jevity Convention in Las Vegas,
Nevada, May 2nd through 4th.
For more information, go to InfowarsTeam.com, InfowarsTeam.com, that's InfowarsTeam.com.
Your coming financial collapse is real.
The subsequent social unrest will happen.
Even if you made it out of suburbia alive, where would you take your family?
Act now to secure your survival retreat in the American Redoubt with the experts at SurvivalRetreatConsulting.com.
The American Redoubt is the designated safe haven for all liberty-minded patriots relocating
to Idaho, Montana, and Wyoming.
Eyes, ears, and boots on the ground get professional, confidential, discreet advice.
Get SurvivalRetreatConsulting.com, call 208-627-2855, save time, money, and stress while you secure
your ultimate survival retreat property now, before it's too late.
Water, energy, food, defense, SurvivalRetreatConsulting.com, SurvivalRetreatConsulting.com.
If you'd like to gamble, I tell you I'm your man, you win some, lose some, it's all a game
to me.
7 or 11, snake eyes watching you, the dead man's hand again, double up or split, the
ace of spades, the ace of spades.
Monday through Friday, we'll all gamble on liberty, because that's no gamble at all.
Monday through Friday, 11AM to 2PM, I'm gonna go back to your calls, 20 minutes to the next
I'll take calls then jakani Jackson David Knight never coming in here the four five six whatever the crew can handle
These guys are getting bonuses in here
So be sure and buy lots of stuff at info Wars calm so I can pay him the crew is just awesome
The more you fund us the harder. I'll fight now. Let me stop right there
I was thinking during the break about all of this and
I was reading a comment here in an article a boston marathon bombing a stage terror attack. Let's punch this up and
Let's read what rough and ready had to say it says when I first started to listen to the Alex Jones
I thought he was the biggest crackpot on the face of the earth most sincere apologies Alex
I guess no one wants their comfort zone invaded by boogeymen
I am very glad that someone is on the tower paying attention to what's going on
I guess it would be like pulling guard duty
For how long yeah, while watching the globalists come out all the crimes and nobody else could seem to see it because of their normalcy bias
Yeah, and watching everything overrun and kids dying of deadly vaccines buddy, and then you can get it, okay?
That's why I get like this because you just get so sick of watching it
You don't care anymore about what they do to you. You just want to defeat them you want to stop it
I don't know how long you've been doing this 18 years
But I say thank you for myself and my kids and my family and my family and my family and my family
I say thank you for myself and my kids and grandbabies keep up the fight Bravo
I suppose we all need to pull our heads out of our and do something now everyone needs to focus on
The superiors the military and the police forces so we can clean this mess up in an internal mop-up effort when you find a person who?
Strips the nose and the situation are knowingly involved and
Trying to disarm us shove the communist crap down our throats defend freedom
Making sure that our children and grandchildren remain free is the most important job a real American once again. Thanks Alex
And oh oh here's what I wanted to ask I was thinking about her in the break
I see keep seeing comments, and I've been so busy. I haven't able to look it up reportedly Tuesday night
Or was it Wednesday night?
Because I woke up like midnight last night was reading stuff about it
I saw it again that that our favorite redcoat Piers Morgan more of his employees have been indicted for conspiracy
He looks really freaked out on TV
That's scallywag
Reportedly yet Robert bear the former CIA guy on by the way I pocket-dialed him two weeks ago accidentally
We have Robert bear's number in there in Colorado call and try to get bear on and bear was saying
Reportedly I haven't seen this yet. I don't know if it's true. I just keep seeing it on the web
I mean it probably is I see in multiple places
That he was on Piers Morgan saying this could be disgruntled Navy SEALs
And
Was reading that off a teleprompter, or he seemed upset while he was saying it be yeah was Robert bear on there
Robert bear on FBI investigation of the external
Extramarital affair that caused the resignation of CIA director David Petraeus now. That's not it
They said he was on Piers Morgan this week. I keep saying I don't even know that's true
Maybe he was on something else and people gotten the meme wrong
There's something to that Robert bear reportedly said this and I've seen it like five places
You see it on YouTube so people could be info wars
You see it coming in an email. I will send me a link there. Well. I mean I need your help folks
I can't do all this
Now some stations don't care the next hour of overdrive only to go to info wars calm audio streams or info wars calm
Listen and there's a free video feed up there
We're gonna continue this talk
Be sure to spread the word about all our M&M affiliates and support their local sponsors and become a sponsor
And I don't know John Harmon was saying a whole pastel of new stations are wanting to sign up right now
So people are getting what's happening and better look your grandbabies and kids in the eyes and realize we don't beat these people
We're going under Soviet-style occupation mixed in with some Hitler
So a fourth hour coming up into the fifth and sixth hour the nightly news seven o'clock tonight prison planet TV stay with us
Thank you for listening to GCN
Visit GCN live.com today
Introducing pro wine all of your filtration in one system portable on the go no more
Do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride you have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to?
95% of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
Aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element
It is the only one that does it and out of the gates
We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides herbicides
chloramines ammonia and chlorine
Hydrofluorosolic acid the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate
get your pro pure with a new pro one filter today at info war store comm or by calling eight eight eight two five three
three one three nine
Coast-to-coast direct from Austin you're listening to the Alex Jones broadcasting network
Big brother
mainstream media
government cover-ups you want answers
Well, so does he he's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network and now live from Austin
Texas
Alex Jones
All right, I'll shut up try to go to calls quickly now Colin Colin in Canada you're on the air welcome sir
I
Got a couple of points here man
Um, the first one is for the Patsy's Billy Joe Jim Bob and the other ones that they were about to crucify
I'm gonna put it like this man
These guys are in extreme danger because when the system changes paths that way and goes a different direction
They don't just leave the other one out in the open
They have to execute and erase that so you guys have to come out if even one of them is listening
Are you guys have to come out and come forward with everything that you know, no, no, no, no
No, they pulled into the courthouse. They were about to roll out the guy
They said we have the guy we've arrested them who we think did it
We're gonna roll it out at five and then oh my gosh bomb threat and army trucks pull in and pull out with a guy
And I saw that happen and the caller was talking about it. He's probably dead already
But who knows they may not have killed him. I mean who knows what they've done. They may have other rednecks down the road
They're gonna blame it on. I mean, you don't know
Perhaps and my other point
Alex is that
Leos and all these people aren't aren't the only people with power
They have actually no power that any of the other constituents don't if you see people breaking the Constitution
If you see people breaking the law break your hands on them arrest somebody you know what I mean?
This is what I'm saying to all the people out there
Maybe what we need is woven horns are just good people
Arresting people breaking the law. Well, I mean more and more if a cop is breaking the law
You're supposed to be able to citizen arrest him, but they'll shoot you
I mean, they're on such a power trip
Not all the cops a lot of cops are waking up that the globalists have over overplayed their hand overcooked this
It's the opposite a half-baked. They've over baked it
You've got to really reach out and go come on break the trance and with cops go treat me with respect
Stop doing what you're doing stop violent my rights, and they arrest you for no reason you sue them by the way
We have the veteran on at three
The highly decorated combat vet who was just walking out by a farm with a rifle and the cops arrested him
I've got him on the nightly news tonight
I'm gonna take that at three and then it'll be live tonight
And the guys will air my interview at the end of the live seven o'clock to eight will be live
And then we'll take the you know air the taped interview with the fella, but that's set up now
And you know those temple cops need to be fired. I mean yeah, I mean the guy they grabbed him
They were the ones that assaulted him
He didn't do anything
And it's really hard when a cop grabs you for no reason to not you know push him back
I mean, it's just it's wrong
You know you know it's wrong. I mean you know one time a guy started a fight with me
I was beating him up pretty bad and the football coach ran into the cafeteria and grabbed me
He was a big guy
And I didn't resist him and slam me up against the wall because he you know had to get fired up be able to grab
Me and do that. I didn't hit him because he was on the right
I was kicking the guy's butt, but you don't just cover some guy done nothing
He's go come here. Yeah, just grab him and slam him on things
I mean I would really have trouble putting up with that
I mean I'm tired of men who want to assault us, but we can't fight back. It's cowardly
Don't you agree I?
Think I think that the law provides that you can fight back, and that's what I'm trying to say no
That's what Indiana rather to repass a law stating that that's in common law man
If our servants are out of order we have every right to defend ourselves
But I mean I don't want to fight with the police. I don't want you to be my enemy
I don't buy into the propaganda of you're all a bunch of pig demons the government's corrupt
They're trying to make you do bad things. I want to wake you up. I want to save America
I want our children to grow together into the future, and I think most cops want that especially older ones
Who've been around and aren't on power trips anymore. It's the young steroid head ones bugging their eyes out
I'm like dude. You know see one downtown bugging their eyes
I just look at me go you really want to act tough and sit here and do this
You may be able to kick my butt
But if you've actually assaulted me you're gonna get in a fight with somebody who literally blacks out and goes
110 percent and then I know they'd end up just shooting me. I mean it scares me how cowardly they are it scares me
That you know they want to play captain caveman, and they're not captain caveman you see what I'm saying
Yeah, I get it. I mean you know it's just it's just I don't even get off in the cops
I'm so sick of it. Just wish it's just it's more than hating people. It's I'm disgusted
I want good things for them, but I open the phones up for cops. They load the lines agreeing
I I run the cops on most cops. I run into cops downtown. It's like a celebrity event. They're all listeners and
They're like we're sorry. We're told to write tickets. We don't like it either. We like your show
I'm like why don't you say no to the orders? Well? We did, but we don't pull the right back stay with us
Introducing pro one all of your filtration in one system portable on the go no more
Do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride you have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to?
95% of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
Aquametics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element
It is the only one that does it and out of the gates
We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides
herbicides chloramines
ammonia and chlorine
Hydrofluorosolic acid the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate
Get your pro pure with a new pro one filters today at info war store comm or by calling 888
253
139 in the US one in every 50 homes will have a break in this year
Burglars call it smash-and-grab
Police call it robbery
We call it avoidable
We are fake TV a simple electronic device that can fool even professional burglars
Fake TV easily plugs into any outlet and simulates the changing colors of a television to a burglar
It looks like someone must be home watching TV. So they'll likely move on to an easier target
at only
$29.95 fake TV costs less than a month of most alarm monitoring plans and comes with free shipping or to your fake TV by calling
877-5 fake TV or go to fake TV comm that's
8 7 7 5 3 2 5 3 8 8 or fake TV comm fake TV the burglar deterrent
The coming financial collapse is real the subsequent social unrest will happen
Even if you made it out of suburbia alive
Where would you take your family act now to secure your survival retreat in the American redoubt with the experts at?
Survival retreat consulting comm the American redoubt is the designated safe haven for all liberty minded patriots
Relocating to Idaho Montana and Wyoming get eyes ears and boots on the ground get professional
confidential discreet advice get survival retreat consulting comm call
208 6 2 7 2 8 5 5 save time money and stress while you secure your
Ultimate survival retreat property now before it's too late water
energy food defense survival retreat consulting comm
survival retreat consulting comm
Live from Austin, Texas broadcasting worldwide, it's Alex Jones
I
I
Got the photos
I'm a baby feels not just the ones we had yesterday crawling all over the finish line
yards in some cases from where the bomb went off with big black backpacks and the media will not touch this and it's lied and
Said there was no drill that witnesses said they were told be calm
don't worry about all this because obviously people with black backpacks everywhere is pretty obvious and they have the
You know, they have the Patsy's they're all of it
If the only way this isn't purely staged and a hundred percent government is they found mentally ill which which even the New York Times
guys just type in New York Times
FBI terror, you know the article came out last April 28th
Where they admit it was there's over a hundred cases where the government company and of course we expose this but I make the New York
Times even admits it come on that they totally find mentally ill people on average 75 IQ
they have a whole formula a Muslim right-wing left-wing doesn't matter mentally ill and they wind them up to do it and
The bare minimum is I mean you look at the Patsy's they look like that
I mean if I saw these guys at a bus stop, you'd say that's a mental patient
You look at who we believe they were gonna go with as the Patsy because they were already saying the right-wing did it
They they jumped the gun they screwed up. So I know you're all watching right now the global of stars
So take lessons here next time you do this. You want to get away with it. I'm being sarcastic folks
We're all watching you
We're we're watching you and you think you're watching us and you say we're gonna stick our hands down your pants
And now the Army's gonna look at your papers. Okay, good. We're watching you
How you like that and that's it man army shows up around Austin. I'm going to confront them. I'm done. I'm done
I'm gonna go get in their face
I'm gonna say the government staged the attack and you're violating posse commentatis. Get out of here
You're not gonna come up to me with my wife and check our papers and search our bags about protecting me
Your boss has ran these attacks and I'm sick of it
It's simple you want jurisdiction into my life to get over the Bill of Rights the Constitution your bosses are staging this
While they butcher America, I'm done. I don't live in Baghdad. I don't live in the West Bank of Israel
Get your hands off my god-given rights come print day
Do you speak?
Constitution
You comprehend that jackass
Excuse me, folks John in Texas. You're on the air. Go ahead
John Joe in Texas, sorry, go ahead
This is Joe. Yes, sir. Go ahead Joe. Hi. Hi Alex. Thanks for taking a call
I want to make God I'll be very quick number one
I wanted to say to your listeners that I've watched I've listened to you for over three years
I have read probably 50 books as a result of listening to you
I can tell your listeners out there that infowars is an extremely credible organization and the fact that you do things on such an evidence-based
Way of approaching the news and stuff. I totally agree with I'm an attorney
So I take that very seriously and I appreciate what you do
Thank you, sir
We saw the reason I called today was to give you a little different perspective or my perspective on this boss Boston thing
And looking and looking at it
I know everybody's talking about the importance of of how much what's what I've really seen seen revealed over the last day or two
Because I've been lucky enough to be home and watched all this unfold on prison planet TV, which has been great for me
But is is that it's about it's about the power of the media about the power of the visual media the fact that so many
perspectives and cameras
Operationally have been at this event and it's been very hard for things to be hidden
I've seen the authorities attempt to use this to
Shape the story they want and I've seen more importantly people like yourself and other people who have given information to infowars
help shape the truth and so the moral of the story for me is if
That this phenomena of visual media this phenomena is actually what's allowing the truth to unfold
For us all now having said that here's my unusual perspective
Because I've seen such a powerful event take place because of all the media and all the visual footage from different angles
different people and sources
Then historically my mind goes back
to the fact that we have had this kind of thing occur before and I'm speaking specifically of
Oklahoma City the Pentagon 9-11
Sandy Hook places we know that there's tons of visual information on but it's being suppressed
And so here is it just to me illuminates and incriminates the government even further for withholding
What we know exists well think about this these photos of the redneck suspects of the Saudi suspects with
surrounded by their handlers
Army and and and Navy Special Forces just crawling right beside them and a drill they're lying about and again
We're not saying the Navy Seals did this they're called out for the drill to create the confusion
And then whatever the group is from a you know nonprofit government-funded liberal think tank
We all know who folks was involved in other events. They can then go have their patsy do it
or
When this is the minority of events because they usually are too stupid to do it
They may have found idiots that were that they wound up and let do it and they and they've been caught doing that quite a few
Times so that's but regardless you keep your hands off my rights
You know you got probably 50 people dead from this fertilizer explosion nobody knows
And it's like give up our rights, and we are we gonna ban factories
Cuz something they've had factories blow up in Houston
And kill hundreds of people they had a hurricane in you know that killed 10,000 people once in Galveston
We're gonna ban hurricanes the point is they they obsess over these dead to try to sell us that our rights somehow did it and
You know what I mean if I try to go somewhere or I run into one of these public events
And the army wants to search me
I'm not putting up with it and none of us should
Because they had 400 troops already out there 2,000 police and this still happened
You know that's the moral of the story you had Navy SEALs
What looks like 20 feet to me?
But let's just say 60 feet we're talking a stone's throw from the bombs
And it didn't protect you we cannot have Navy SEALs on every street corner
And if we did it won't protect us so I want my rights
And they're mine, and I am demanding them god bless you good to hear from you
And you know in law Joe it's about demanding rights rights aren't just given and they are they are demanded they are demanded
Let's go ahead and talk to Tracy in Utah you're on the air welcome
Hey Tracy talk around your phone for me, honey. Oh, can you hear me now? Yes, I can go ahead
First of all it's an honor to actually get to talk to you me and my boss Sonia listen to you every single day and
We are passionate, and we know that we have to get out there and get the public to see what's going on
And to write letters and that was one of my questions was I would like to write letters to the
Editors here in Utah, and I wanted to know if I could use info wars your name and the reporter who they?
Let me find out the first amendment works
Hollywood if it's for entertainment or something sold as
entertainment you have to get basically permission for pretty much anything unless it's a
Public figure or something well-known everything else is wide open
I don't need permission to shoot news footage on the street in a public place and put it on TV
We'll be filming all the time, and so we'll walk through our image and go you're not allowed to film me
And I'm like it's for news sir sue me
So some explain you can use info wars anywhere as long as you're not selling something out of it
You can talk about info wars in a novel you write you can even if it is fiction
You can put it on a bumper sticker you can you can what people always ask can I write about what you're doing and I'm?
Like of course you can but not because I authorize you to show so yes
You know do whatever you want
Everybody's got permission for whatever they want to do
You know as long as I have to keep my copyright because David Ike was so nice years ago
He said you know do whatever you want my material people then took it copyrighted it
And then said he couldn't publish it so that's why I have copyright on a lot of my stuff is so I
I maintain my right to use it, but it's it's it's it's fair use for all of you
But not by me giving you that fair use right that fair use is inherent so study fair fair use ma'am, but
Absolutely feel free to write letters to the editor all the time every day
We get emails can I write a letter to the editor about info wars calm
Well, yeah, of course you can you can write a letter to the editor about how you like the Cowboys or about how you like?
Strawberries or or how you like Vincent van Gogh. I mean you can write about how you like
like
Gerard Depardieu or however you say his name or how you like George Lucas
I mean whatever you can do what or how you like Drudge Report
You know letters to the editor about Drudge Report great idea
I mean you can do whatever you want, but it's not that I'm giving you the permission you understand you already have it
Well, that's okay well
I just want me and my boss and others believe it's exactly like you if we don't stand up and fight for our rights
We're gonna lose them and people have to wake up, and that's what I we want to do is get the word out
Well, they think you're so stupid that they had all these operatives there when they did these bombs
And again, they weren't there looking for a bomb either. It was totally staged
And and and now they're covering up who they know really did it you think we have ideas they know because they did it
This is an investigation. This is a wedding of the appetite
So people need to get our articles on this out to everybody
I mean, this is a this is an info war going on right now folks over who could control this narrative
We've caught them with their pants down, but if we don't expose that they won't go down a god bless you
Good to hear from you. Let's talk to Chad in Ohio. Go ahead. You're on the air
Alex good to talk to you. Hey um I know it's early, but the fertilizer plants in
Texas there are some videos surfacing on the internet some people have taken videos from different vantage points
Yeah, you see the fire jump jump for about a hundred yards away into the building
But that's the fumes of the cooking cooking fertilizer, and then it just like gasoline fumes catches on fire
I don't think it's a missile go ahead
What I see is something that's moving against the wind the smoke is moving off in one direction, and there's something actually coming in
I've seen something looks like that. I just I I just don't know anymore
I mean would they blow up something to divert away from the bombshell that their whole op got blown they canceled all this stuff
Yes, I mean it is a possibility, but I mean
Everything can't be a conspiracy. I mean I just I have to see proof, but yeah that the videos are suspicious
There's a mass awakening. I mean your ratings is a testament to it
People are really on the ball. It's amazing how how fast the cover stories are falling apart for the Boston bombing
People are just they're looking and they're skeptical and they're gonna break these stories
one other thing I'd like to bring up is
The reason that we can have such conversations about these false flag attacks
I think one of the you know one of the deadliest false flag attacks on American soil
9-eleven has woke a lot of people up and the organization that has done
I think more than most to lay out and break down the forensic scientific evidence is of course
Architects and engineers for 9-eleven truth. I would love it. I mean these guys haven't been sitting on their hands
They've been very active, and I would love it if you could have Richard Gage back on your program I
I
Hear you brother. God bless you good to hear from you. Let's go to Julio in, Illinois
He's been a we are change reporter done great work for us as well
If this is indeed Julio recognize his voice Julio was that you my friend
It is Alex. Aloha. How are you my friend good man? This is crazy. What's going on now? What's your take?
Absolutely is crazy great job with the with the work
I mean what I do when I win when when big events happen
I I stay away from the corporate media, and I go straight to local media
And that's what I did on Monday, and I was able to record W CD
VB it's a Boston ABC owned and operated affiliate ABC 5 and one of their reporters
I found this very interesting said that the head of FEMA, which is Craig Fugate was in boss
Oh, no, that's true. They were all there. They were all there. Just like they were all there for 7-7 bombing
Yeah, no that is confirmed. Yes
It's just so fascinating to see it just watching yesterday corporate media. Oh, we found someone they arrested someone John King of CNN
Oh, it's a dark-skinned male and then within 15 minutes. Oh wait
We don't have that Wolf Blitzer on Monday said numerous times
Remember folks first reports may always be false and then two minutes later
They have someone on plugging the white extremists the right-wing extremists last summer
I was at Oak Creek, Wisconsin following the Sikh temple shooting, and I had the US District Attorney of Wisconsin James
Don't tell II it meant to me that the government likes to use those types of labels even though they have no proof
That someone's a domestic terrorist. Let's stop right there next time. There's a bombing or shooting in your area
Immediately go to it and and I mean you may see feds standing over kids shooting them
You know to have a higher death count
I mean they they act like they can cover everything up and and and and but listen
Just like I said with Kurt Haskell when they caught the government getting on the plane and later it was confirmed
And the FBI came to his office tried to intimidate him
We are blowing every one of their ops now because this isn't the old game. We know their tricks and and but still
They they have such disdain for the public. They don't care if we're out here exposing them
They're like oh, we'll just call them conspiracy theorists, but it doesn't work anymore. I mean do people understand
Yeah, I called Watson this morning, and I said this is 20 times bigger than anything
We've ever been part of god bless what's happened good job. You know right now. We've exposed
It's a false flag, but now we have to get it out to everybody, but we have the proof
We have them we have them now, and I said no no it's not a 20 times bigger. It's a hundred times bigger I
Cannot tell you Julio
I'm sure you know this we have caught them with their pants off
I mean we have them. I mean we have them and lying about the drill. We have these bastards and
Praise God I mean it shows
Commitment if you are committed and you study and you focus and you work these are men, too
That's why they're so scared of us
It's why they put poison in our water to dumb us down well once you're conscious of what they've done to us
You just got up more in your brain. I mean if you tell yourself to boost your IQ. It'll boost in a crisis
Humanity needs to go to this slug like slug like trance and take action Julio, and we're gonna win this thing anything else
Yeah, yeah, I can only speak from experience. I covered the NATO summit
I was officially credentialed for that and I can speak from experience covering high-profile events that they make sure
To check your bags before you enter anywhere. I was checked by Secret Service in the media
No, they admit. They had people searching bags and seek bombshell
You just said it they are on record in fact tell my writers right now look this up as I heard on the news
They were searching bags at the start and finish line. Why then did they let?
20 people or more in with giant black backpacks. I mean this is so incredibly obvious
How did the bombs get in when everybody was being searched again inside job anybody?
For them to say oh we did a bomb sweep twice. That's a lie
I I covered NATO they did bomb sweeps every 30 minutes
They made sure nothing entered that wasn't supposed to end because that's actual globalist who might actually get bombed by one of their compadres
And there's real infighting exactly no no no you get a proctology exam near a g20 or anything
I mean this is incredible. Thank you. Julio great points get that video out on YouTube. You may have already done it
Let's talk to Jeremy you're on the air Jeremy from Indiana
I like hi Jeremy. How are you? I'm all right brother all right. I just want to commend you so much for what you're doing
I
Don't even know where to begin first of all everything that happened in Boston
Thank you. It's not a surprise. It's it's happening here in Indiana. We can't even get you on the radio in Indiana anymore
I'm at Purdue University right after this yesterday a bomb
Once they said there's a bomb on campus
All the guards came out the SWAT team everything they brought robots out. They blasted it
It was a real windy day. It was a
information flyer holder for a realtor in the street
They never told the school it was anything else kids are running around scared and now they're high-fiving each other saying
We were victorious. We were ready for this. This is what we trained for this is what we do
I don't know America doesn't manufacture things now we give degrees to people to mind us and run our lives and boss us around and
Young 20 year old army officers now who are you know who are MPs walk over and go light up give me your stuff
And your family goes yes, sir
I mean this is our servants taking us over and of course if they can blow up a few things and take our life over
Guys put up the image of papers, please here in America
I mean yeah, and I'm sorry snot nose kids come over to me and go let me see your papers
I'm like you know what go to hell your boss is stage 9-11. I'm sick of your crap
Jeremy thank you, Noah and Tejas you're on the air Noah go ahead
Yes, sir. I just wanted to tell you about Monday. I clicked on Drudge
he had a live live even I clicked on Drudge's live feed to the coverage of the bombing and
When I clicked to it
they had on they had on there somebody being interviewed named Chris Condon and
when he was being interviewed he said
You can still get this feed. I don't know if you can go back and get the archives on Monday
But it was what it was between 2 50 p.m.. Central time and about 3 10
Time, but he mentioned controlled
Explosions oh no no we have news articles where they went we had controlled explosions as part of the drill
And then they and we have witnesses saying drill no no they did that and they go that never happened and the Boston Marathon
Never happened, but Santa Claus is real. Yeah, I don't know you're right
No, they that's what I mean. I'm like okay controlled explosions drills. You say there wasn't drills our reporter brings it up
There's no drill there was a drill now. We have the Navy SEALs and the troops there was a drill there was a drill
You're lying. I mean we've got them exactly
I just I hope you can get that I couldn't get it. I didn't know how to go back
I'm not very savvy with my computer, but yeah, I forget who drugs linked to he had he had a link to a local
Oh, it was Bloomberg Bloomberg TV or Bloomberg News or in other words when you went to it
It's a big big letters Bloomberg
yeah, everyone needs to do this because again, I can't do everything you can't everything our millions of listeners need to go out and
We're gonna cover news when we come back with them with the other hosts, and we're gonna take your calls on ideas
Everyone needs to go out
everyone needs to go to the two different TV feeds that are online of that day and watch them with a notepad and then call
Them to shows email the link or if you have the capability grab it put it on YouTube and and listen
We're gonna destroy them. They're smoking guns. There's probably them army handing the guys the bombs
You know I mean there's probably video of the guys you know detonating it. I mean how you know we've got them
We I mean we already know they did a false flag
And they just think you're too lazy and too stupid to do it show defeat the enemy defeat the enemy god bless you
No, let's do one more Tony in Florida than my guest host are coming in Tony. You're on the air
Hey Alex. How's it going?
History man history's happening right now. I know I just want to make a few comments about President Obama's speech this morning
You know he gave a good recognition to the city of Boston, but he failed to make any mention on its
Revolutionary roots you know this is where our country was started
On Patriots Day. I'm originally from Massachusetts. That's to memorize the Battle of Lexington in Concord and
That was the British coming to take our arms, and it's what we're seeing right now
You know it's just a man
They got a red coat openly saying he's a red coke and it's conquering America on his Twitter pissing on us. I agree
Yeah appears Morgan's you know you want to fight pal you got one you punks snot-nosed bastard
You know you come over here and urinate on me and my family you're gonna get it punk
We're gonna overrun you with info send you back to England the face of prison
alright ladies and gentlemen we're gonna come back with your car Jackson and
David Knight and your phone calls and some other breaking news and then more phone calls
And then the press conference with Obama in an hour and a half or the FBI with their new pad
We're on the March the Empire's on the run read this link to everybody
Jones and spread the link to the live feed to everybody right now and Google false flag
Hello, I'm Alex Jones myself my family the info wars dot-com team want to relay to you and your families that we are
Intensifying our efforts against the globalist on every front info wars dot-com is leading the fight against the technocrats
But we can't do that without your help by getting the films bumper stickers and t-shirts and info wars dot-com
You will wake up people in your area and support our
Operation as we move to the next level we need your help to spread the word like never before
They wish to hide themselves during this tectonic battle between the forces of freedom and darkness
You are the response to the globalist technocrats and their program of global eugenics
Dehumanization and ultimate extermination the war is here. It's an info war the spirit of
1776 versus the mindset of
1984
Don't throw away leftovers instead throw all your leftovers vegetable peels eggshells coffee grounds pizza crusts and more into the Bokashi
If you love to garden and compost but don't like the hassle of turning a compost bin or the smell then check out the EM
Bokashi food waste recycling system from tereganics finally a way to recycle all your food and plant waste safely and effectively and stop using
Fertilizers the EM Bokashi food waste recycling system rather than decomposition the Bokashi system uses fermentation to break down waste
So it takes less time to create nutrient-dense humus for crops or gardens with no turning and no obnoxious
Odors to learn more and order your Bokashi online visit tereganics.com and click on the orange button
That's tereganics.com spelled t-e-r-a-g-a-n-i-x dot-com or call eight six six three six nine three six seven eight
That's eight six six three six nine three six seven eight
Recycle all your food wastes in about six weeks with the Bokashi food waste recycling system from tereganics.com
Tereganics life's getting better in an emergency situation
Would you drink contaminated water you could if you have the amazing life straw from my patriotsupply.com
LifeStraw is the most advanced personal water filter available today
It filters contaminated water from almost any source life straw is lightweight and compact perfect for hiking
Camping or in an emergency like a flood life straw is easy to clean comes with a one-year warranty and has been used worldwide since
2005 get the amazing life straw personal water filter at my patriotsupply.com
Plus check out survival seed vault twenty seed varieties for only thirty seven ninety five
Tatler canning lids long-term storeable foods as low as sixty nine ninety five and much more at my patriotsupply.com
Enjoy stress-free shipping on all orders over forty nine dollars call eight six six two two nine zero nine two seven or visit my
patriotsupply.com
That's eight six six two two nine zero nine two seven my patriotsupply.com for emergency preparedness
self-reliance and food independence
He's the t-rex of political talk Alex Jones on the GCN radio network
You
All right, and we are back. I'm Jigari Jackson filling in for Alex Jones. I'm here with David Knight
How are you doing today David?
Now we have a new clip of mrs.
Napolitano being grilled about the the Boston situation about the Saudi national that's reportedly being deported and guys
Just let me know when you have that up and ready, but in the meantime
Let's go through a few articles David. What do you have right there? Well? We got a lot of interesting information
It was they're talking about this ricin suspect
And the Washington Post put out an article earlier today
painting him as a paranoid
Conspiracist Elvis impersonator yes, I saw that I saw that yeah, well. It's just come out that the Gateway Pundit
Dug up some pictures of him, and he's actually a very strong Democrat activist
Mm-hmm, so I don't know if they were trying to it certainly sounded like
Wapow was trying to make a profile that he was some kind of a tea party guy so okay
I think we have that video ready, so we'll go to that and then we'll come back and finish your thoughts
So let's go to that video
I'm very concerned about this person of interest that was detained at the hospital in Boston following the marathon madness
He is I believe scheduled to be deported next week and now understand
He's been cleared of any wrongdoing in the involvement in Boston
But he is being deported due to national security concerns and but CBS says this this gentleman is here on a student
They said he was at the scene along with many other people when the blast happened is
Everybody's standing in shock three Boston PD detectives see this guy moving quickly out of the crowd as they're watching him
He seems to be moving very deliberately
Which could be a very natural thing after a bombing they stop him because he's covered with blood they end up taking the hospital
That's straight off CBS
And we're asking average Americans to help ID
and assist law enforcement in
identifying who the bomber was
See something say something and now we have someone who is being deported due to national security concerns
And I'm assuming that he's got some sort of link to terror or wouldn't be being deported
He was at the scene he could possibly ID the bomber
Just like we're asking every other American that was on the scene to provide your pictures help us identify who may have been acting funny
Everybody we're asking that that was in Boston, and we've got this guy who was there
We know he was there. He was arrested or what arrested was detained in the hospital covered with blood
He was at the scene and yet we're going to deport him, so we're going to remove him from the scene
I am unaware of anyone who is being deported for national security concerns at all related to Boston
I don't know where nothing is related to Boston, but he is being deported. Oh, I like I said
Again, I don't even think
He was technically a person of interest or a suspect that was a wash
And I'm unaware of any proceeding there
I will clarify that for you
But I think this is an example of why it is so important to let law enforcement do its job
I want them to do their job
And that's why I say wouldn't you agree with me that it's negligent for us as American
Administration to deport someone who was reportedly at the scene of the bombing
And we're going to deport him not to be able to question him anymore. Is that not negligence?
I'm not going to answer that question is so full with misstatements and missed
Apprehensions that it's just not worthy of an answer
CBS reports the gentleman was there we did detain him at the hospital. He was covered with blood
We've cleared him of any wrongdoing, but it has been reported. He is being deported on there's been so much reported on this
That's been wrong. I can't even begin to tell you congressman
We will provide you with accurate information as it becomes available. I look forward to that. Thank you
I yield back. We will provide you with the accurate information as it becomes available they control reality
Let's believe known liars just they have the information
That's it shut your pie hole and drugs has no credibility. No winch. You have no credibility
Exactly. I mean remember they used to say TSA does not grow up your genitals when there was thousands of videos
And they're a bunch of damn liars. Well, you know, that's what you notice what she's doing
It's a CBS report that Drudge linked to right and so she tries to discredit it by saying oh, it's coming from Drudge
He didn't like the content. No CBS wrote the content
That's what the the accomplishment kept trying to get her to understand that CBS CBS CBS said this but look at what they did yesterday
You know, they were going to
Release the identity of the bomber and then they didn't release that into the bomber, you know
I thought they had them. I thought they had them and then we released the information about these other guys at the at the Boston race
No, no, no, we're gonna cancel the FBI press conference knows what's going on, but she has the information
She's the authority to go back and get married to Janet Reno and they can sail off into the sunset have children together
But they kidnapped with CPS. Look how arrogant she is. They're scared man. It's a confidence game
Hey, listen, you're witch pig. We know what you did
I apologize about yelling here. That's okay. Got any hearing hearing left? I
Love how we just leave these vitamins over here. It's like when we're doing the shot. There's like this big pile of vitamins
All right, you are watching the Alex Jones show you can be watching this on infowars.com forward slash listen
Because they leave okay. All right, we'll get to our calls Congress is coming up. We'll see what their new horseshit is. Network it
Okay, there goes Alex Jones's bonus for the for the corner
Yeah guys tell me when we're up and ready for the calls and we'll get to those but right now can we
We are ready. Let's take a look at it. Oh, no
No, well, it certainly got on her skin and that congressman wasn't going to get let her get away with it
And that was everybody needs to take a look at that because it's worth it just to see how upset she got exactly
Yeah, I hope you concentrate like a big redneck eel. I just keep running in here
Yeah, it's then we can see him when he's out he's outside now it's can we pull up
Okay, we'll go to Danny in New York in just one second
But do we have that article so people can reference the an Apollo tunnel article?
Okay, I guess the guys are pulling it up right now now this article
There's also something on drugs is breaking right now the one of the people that was
Pictured and and the photos that are going around on the internet has come forward and says I'm not the Boston Marathon bomber
And so that's a breaking article right now. You guys can get to that. That's a picture. Yeah, they got it on the iPad
Dr. McCann, but Alex of all the photos we put out they picked that to then divert off them
And we're gonna find out the new Patsy here in a few hours
Mm-hmm. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I'm sure we will you guys just get out of the seat. I'm hosting
Okay, are we we are ready for calls right guys
Okay, Danny and all right Danny in New York you are on the air
Very well very well
Thanks a couple questions
with the hats and boots that the
Guys in the pictures are wearing
You can get those at craft
Store like they have like some kind of thing where you can buy the hats and all the gear and it donates toward
Some foundation so I guess my question with that is
If it's in you know if it's really an inside job
Are they trying to hide in plain sight or do you think this could be?
If it has any validity to being an actual group could they be trying to hide that's a great point
We should call craft international and ask if they were there. I'm gonna do it right now
Okay, Alex Jones is on the case right now and as far as the the the hats and the boots
The gentleman was referring to I mean the the actual logo that skull logo is a from a comic book character the Punisher
You can buy those t-shirts anywhere, but it is it is a valid point
You can buy those at different places, but Alex Jones like you said is on the case as we also showed though on the pictures
You know SEAL teams have adopted that same Punisher logo and with and you can look at the picture
It looks like there's something up on the forehead of it kind of like it is with the SEAL team 3
I think it is but
Yeah, it's also the demeanor of the guys and the fact that they're standing right next to each other
they both have your pieces in they're definitely together on yeah, they're both on cell phones and and
Both dressed exactly alike with the pants and the shoes
I mean, I don't necessarily think that it's just a coincidence that they went shopping together, right?
I mean, they're there at their besties or
They don't look like they're constituents of Barney Frank
Yeah, but that's that's a very good point caller and like I said Alex is on the case we'll move now to Jim in, Texas
Doing very well
I'm in law enforcement. I really don't want to go into
Where I work, but I just want to say to folks that are out there in law enforcement
it's time to get off your asses and
What's going on right now is real it's not fake I think a lot of people out there are really scared
But we didn't gain our freedom
by being scared and
I just want you guys to know there's a lot of people out here that do know what are going on and we're aware
And we listen daily so okay now. Let me ask you this Jim. You know you say you want people to get off the fence
What would you recommend to an officer?
You know who maybe he sees things going on, but he's afraid that you know talk about it or share the information
Well, I just think that people get to understand that there are such things as lawful orders and unlawful orders
And we still do under the Constitution in United States I
Just don't understand how we can have people that taken old
To defend the Constitution in our country and go every day about trying to tear it apart
I don't understand this you know nobody's waking up. It's uh you know you take an oath for a reason you become
You know you do your job. I've been doing this 21 years combined and
It's pretty sad
It's sad for me to see people that are out there that just
Basically understand what's going on. They're quiet because they're scared and it's understandable, but if you're gonna be scared
You're gonna lose your rights, and that's just what it comes down to so I just want to thank you guys
I listen to you daily. I respect what you do. You're the real deal. I don't care when anyone thinks out there
Go back and do the research if you don't believe it google it look it up yourself
There's plenty of places to find it if you want to know you'll find it exactly well
Thanks for making that point you know it was
It's coming up to just about two weeks ago last two weeks two Saturdays ago, and jakari, and I went to this
Gun rally anti-gun rally moms demand action. Yeah in Austin and had the Austin police chief there
And I was surprised now. This is a guy who has
Went immediately after that meeting he went up to Washington. He was meeting with Joe Biden and a lot of other
Police chiefs who are trying to take away gun rights and so he's very much
Hooked into that gun control crowd, and I was surprised to see him actually take on very strongly
constitutional sheriffs and the
What he was putting forth was essentially not a division of power that we have in the Constitution not
Rights that are reserved to states and rights that are reserved to
Sheriff's as we see in the Constitution
But what he was trying to put forth was a very rigid
Hierarchy with a federal government at the top and the Supreme Court at the very top of that basically saying well if the Supreme Court
Says that the Second Amendment doesn't have any meaning then you better do what it says
Yes, you're gonna enforce the laws as they are passed no matter how unconstitutional. They may be that's right
what he was saying is you know that the the
legislature passes the laws the Supreme Court decides if they're
Constitutional and then the executive branch which you and law enforcement are part of you execute that that's not true
You have a division of power between even those three federal branches
And there's a division of power between the federal government and the states and between
Those two entities and the people and he was trying to criticize
Sheriffs who are elected officials and these police chiefs are not elected officials
So those battle lines are being drawn and that's that's something that's going to be coming down the pipe because this is somebody that's very hooked
In to the Democrat hierarchy that's coming after gun control
They are going to get aggressive in terms of criticizing sheriffs, and we're gonna be there defending them right
And it's like a whole click here in Austin
It's the police chief and the mayor and the the councilman is like the whole click in the in the heart of, Texas
I guess you would say cuz I see so many comments and people are well
Thank God I live in Texas
Where we where we have common sense like these people trying to take away your gun just like the people in New York
People in California just banned plastic bags here in Austin. Yeah
This is like Bloomberg wannabes. I mean yeah, or I say screw your bag ban
You know I make those people so mad like we can't get plastic bags
We'll go to our next caller in just one second
But we can't get plastic bags here in the city of Austin anymore
So what I do is I get my grocery cart
And I go to the checkout line with all my stuff and then like sir
Do you do you want to purchase a bag I say no put everything back in the cart
And then like what and then I roll it outside
And I have this big bin in my trunk that I put all my stuff in so that's how you defeat
That's a bad because you can still get bags. You just have to pay for them now
I mean you can go buy as many plastic bags you want. They just want you to pay for them. That's what it is
Yeah, yeah, all right. We'll move on to the next call. We have Tom in, Missouri
Hello Tom
Thank you, sir listener, I'm retired military kudos to Alex, but the crew doesn't get enough
Compliments you guys are doing a fantastic
Especially the guys behind the camera the radio guys have been working some serious hours. Just this past week. I could only imagine the things
You guys go through to get this out, but anyway
based on what the request was calling in about what you think's going on the
bombing I
think that
It's just a diversion. I do think it's a false flag, and I believe that they have many many more events planned
Are you saw Feinstein who these these events are going to continue? Oh? Yeah? We have that clip somewhere
It's it's somewhere, but don't don't worry about getting it right now. Go ahead sir. It wouldn't surprise me
If they had something to do with this
Factory exploding in Texas and the rice in and probably you know 100 other things that they got already set up
Did they can put in effect yeah and speaking of the Ryerson sir not to cut you off?
But we'd had that interview where Alex did the interview with John McAfee
Back in January and McAfee said he had you know tips that they were making a good amount of Ryerson
Here's Alex. I'm glad you mentioned that
I'm like salacious crumbs sitting on your shoulder here
I'm glad you mentioned that
Because an Elvis impersonator Democratic Party guy. That's a cutout
That's just like some cover. Oh this guy the Elvis impersonator sent the Ryerson
I mean give me a break man. Give me a break. Yeah, yeah
Anyway, you can you can find that the interview with John McAfee
I believe it has been reposted, but if you are a prison planet member you can also find it
I believe it was January 4th of this year. We have to move quick Tom. Thank you for your call
We'll move now to Dylan in Utah
Hello Dylan Dylan
Hello, yes, go ahead. Oh hey
I just want to say thanks for everything you guys are doing
I don't know if you guys had already covered it, but yahoo is headlining
President Obama's reaction respond to the defeated gun bill. Yeah, I've printed out some articles, but go ahead
I'll see if I can find it
Um I just wanted to say that it is a small victory
I know it's not over
But people need to know that info wars is making a difference with a lot of people out there that
Say that it it doesn't really do much of anything to talk about it
But it's clearly getting through he does make a a really silly point saying that 90% of Americans
supported that
Yes, where did they get these numbers from because they say the same thing when we go to these anti-gun rallies most Americans
And they'll say you know usually they'll they'll lowball
They won't say 90% like Obama does but they'll say like 60 plus percent of Americans
Favor these these new gun restrictions and to back up his point
I have this article from Politico gun control president Obama's biggest loss
And I want everybody to know that this is going to be a ongoing fight
It's not just we beat him this time because he even admits. He wants to keep going after it
Here's a quote from Obama background checks will happen
He added minutes after the vote this outcome is a delay not a defeat, and that's the same thing for us
It's just they're delaying their next move. We have to keep going after these people so just enjoy it
We need to get off of the defense and we need to start playing offense exactly say we won this round
But we're gonna take back exactly we have to go to break and we'll come back with Dylan in Utah
In the last two years alone the u.s.
Has seen huge losses to our food supply in 2011 storms and floods raged across the u.s.
Costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone in
2012 we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years you may think out of sight out of mind and so
You don't think you will be affected the fact is you are we all are food shortages drive prices up for everyone
You might not be able to control mother nature
But you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply with e foods direct be prepared before you
Need it with nutrient-dense food you can store for up to 25 years you can hope for the best
But hope won't feed you do what I've done and get your own supply of the best durable foods out there
For me foods direct call eight hundred or oh nine five six three three or visit them on the web at e foods direct
Calm forward slash Alex and check out their spring specials again
That number is eight hundred or oh nine five six three three or on the web at e foods direct calm forward slash Alex
You can bet your life on e foods direct gardeners here comes another growing season
But don't use last year's soil
Maximize yields in your survival garden with e m1 from tereganics e m1 is an organic soil conditioner fertilizer amendment in compost
accelerant that provides a broad spectrum of beneficial
Microorganisms enzymes trace minerals vitamins and various organic acids e m1 helps regulate the soils pH level and its soil microbes
improving moisture retention and drought tolerance
Remember last year's dry conditions e m1 from tereganics is safe chemical free and certified for use on all organic farms
It improves plant quality size color flavor and gives up to 20% more nutrient value in fruits and vegetables and greatly increases shelf life
And e m1 is so simple to use just mix with water and apply
This year prepare your crisis garden for maximum yields with e m1 from tereganics comm order now at ter a g a n
I x.com or call toll-free eight six six three six nine three six seven eight
That's eight six six three six nine three six seven eight tereganics life's getting better. We all know that Berkey water
Purification systems are the most trusted name in water filtration as an authorized Berkey dealer for over six years in serving thousands of satisfied
Customers the Berkey guy offers amazing specials for Berkey water filtration systems the Berkey light systems include a set of self-sterilizing
Self-sterilizing and re-cleanable black purification elements that purify water by removing chlorine pathogenic bacteria cyst and parasites to
Nondetectable levels and remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides and pesticides order the Berkey light system today complete with two black Berkey elements for only
$231 and the Berkey guy will ship your order free of charge with the purchase of a Berkey light the Berkey guy is also offering
A set of fluoride and arsenic filters for only thirty nine ninety nine
That's over thirty percent off the retail price call the Berkey guy at one eight seven seven eight eight six three six five three
That's one eight seven seven eight eight six three six five three or order online at go Berkey comm that's go
Berkey comm today
All right, we're coming back and we were just talking to Dylan in Utah
And he was telling us that he believed that the press and the coverage has really made a difference on the Second Amendment fight
I believe it did too and
What we need to look at is though
We're still got a fight going on with CISPA, and that's going on right now, and I tell you folks
Republican House voted on that by a large margin
But we can still defeat this thing and it is something that if they're if they're gonna be able to
Violate your Fourth Amendment rights in the virtual sphere. They're gonna do it in the physical sphere as well
We've already seen it at the airport when we know that the whole purpose of this false flag attack is to get TSA out of
The airports and out of the streets, so we need to start fighting this CISPA thing right now
So all you guys who are fighting for the gun rights and just one don't rest on your laurels
Get active right now and stop these assaults on the Fourth Amendment
And which will eventually be on the First Amendment as well, and it's real important that we keep our free speech and our privacy out there
Exactly now. I want all of our viewers
Don't we only have about five minutes left in in this segment because at three o'clock central
We will be switching to our other phone lines, so I do apologize
I'm sure we won't get to everybody in our current call list, but you can call right now eight seven seven seven eight nine Alex
That is eight seven seven seven eight nine two five three nine
And we will be switching to that phone number at three o'clock central time, so we're gonna try to go very quickly
Dylan you are on the air
Yeah, I'm just gonna make it short and then get off the line to free up the line here, but
Also, I wanted to let everybody know that you know you got to understand that
Alex Jones doesn't just pull all this stuff from his rear end. I mean he gives you the tools
He gives you all the evidence you need
A lot of these other plate a lot of these other than you know media sources. They don't do that
They don't give you the sources so before you start arguing that no Alex is a shill
He's a you know this and that he's a misinformation
You know agent he provides everything there you just need to look into it, and I just want to say I appreciate and
Love you guys all right. Thank you dealing not to jump quick Zach in, Kentucky
My
My question is you guys as well with the Boston Marathon attack
What do you guys see happening for other sporting events or other?
large population events
Coming up now all across the country. Well. You know at the at the Super Bowl. They're already doing TSA checks
I'm pretty sure that's going to expand out
I went to my niece's graduation a couple years ago, and it wasn't TSA, but they were checking people's bags
A women's purse is people's backpacks get to get in a graduation, and then you also had to have a ticket
You know back when I graduated you just walked in the building now
You have to have a ticket and you get your back search David Knight well
They already mentioned that they're going to start cracking down in all the sporting events
That's gonna be that was on on sports Center the other day the guys are talking about Jen
Napolitano says we need to have more security at these events go ahead
Well they went to the sporting events first if you recall I mean they it's at the football games
It should see TSA coming out and Alex has talked about that many times about how they would do that and of course
We saw in the dark night. You know they have the very
Striking visual of the football stadium that's being exploded and that's where they so they've been coming at the sports events
First priority and now we see this at a sporting event, so they're gonna roll it out
Intensely and then they will that I think that's their next stage
And then they're gonna go from there to the roads to the shopping centers
That's one thing, but they'll probably have to have another event before they get it to that point
No, thank you for your call Zach. We have to move quick to Dale in Montana
Yeah, I was calling about the guy you have a picture of that's carrying the radiation detector. Yes, sir
Yeah, he went on Wolf Blitzer and his name is dr. David King if you go to
Let's see here the situation room for yesterday about 635 Eastern Time
He was on there with him, and he claims that he left the race before the explosion situation
Repeat repeat how we can find that again situation room with Wolf Blitzer
Type in dr. David King okay, okay, all right. We'll investigate all right. Thank you for your call sir
I'm sorry to Nelson and Ron, but also you can call eight seven seven seven eight nine Alex that is eight seven seven seven eight nine
Alex we'll be back after this break
Thank you for listening to GCN visit GCN live.com today
Introducing pro one all of your filtration in one system portable on the go no more
Do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride you have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to?
95% of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
Aquametics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element
It is the only one that does it and out of the gates
We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides
herbicides chloramines
ammonia and chlorine
Hydrofluorosolic acid the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate
Get your pro pure with a new pro one filters today at info war store comm or by calling 888
25-3 3139
You're listening to GCN the world leader in independent talk radio
You leading a frontal assault on the lives of the New World Order it's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network
All right and welcome back to the Alex Jones radio show we are in heavy overdrive myself and Dave and night hosting you guys
You can call us at eight seven seven seven eight nine Alex. That is eight seven seven seven eight nine two five three nine
We will be taking more calls up pretty much this whole hour
But we do have a few clips we want to throw to in the meantime do we have that Harry Reid clip ready guys? Okay?
Okay, the guys are getting ready for their clips
So if we have anybody on on call you can give us a call and we can put those on the board
But in the meantime Dave and I know what are you looking at right there?
Well, we just had a caller just before we went to the top of the hour telling us that the guy holding the
Device I guess was a radiation detector and that his name was dr. David King. He's on the Wolf Blitzer situation room yesterday
I just looked that up. I haven't seen the video yet, but the subtitle to it says that he was a surgeon and
That he'd finished running the Boston Marathon
Maybe that's not the picture I'm thinking of that so we'll have to still take a look at that
But we don't have anything conclusive on that yet
But we're going to be having a press conference coming up at 4 p.m.. And we're going to be commenting on that so guys stick around
Okay, and we are ready with that video, so let's take a look at that right now
We can keep them off the streets. We should keep them off the streets
In the 1920s organized crime was committing murders with machine guns. We've seen them in the movies
Valentine Valentine's Day Massacre
So Congress dramatically limited the sale and transfer of machine guns
long time ago
as a result machine guns
Basically disappeared from the streets. No it didn't they're in movies, but not private citizens had them
We can and should make the same common-sense approach to safeguard Americans from modern weapons of war
assault weapons
That's why I will vote for Diane Feinstein's assault weapons ban
Because we must strike a better balance between the right to defend ourselves and the right of every child in America to grow up safe
from gun violence
I'll vote for the ban because maintaining a law and order is more important than satisfying
conspiracy theories
Who believe in black helicopters and false flags? I'm going to find that black helicopter clip
Mm-hmm and I'll vote for the ban because saving the lives of police officers young and old and innocent civilians
Young and old is more important preventing imagined tyranny
Imagined tyranny so high-capacity magazines clips
That's what I call them
You don't know what you're talking about a large ammunition magazines is similar
These large clips are designed to kill
not
To kill a deer or a duck or any other game large or small
They're designed to kill humans living breathing human beings
Okay guys, where do you start yeah, hold that thought David Knight just give some some directions to the guys out there
I know I'm pulling Alex here. Can you guys go into the show the nightly news for last week?
It's probably Thursday or Friday
I think it was Friday and there's a clip called black helicopter crowd. It's me talking about Joe Biden and
How he says you know the black helicopter crowd there are no black helicopters and David Knight
You know right here did a a very long in-depth report about black helicopters minds only about two or three minutes
So if we can find that but David Knight you seem like you have something to say about that man
I don't know. There's so much garbage that came out of there
I mean, you know even going back to a coast to the term assault rifle, okay, you know
They that that's a vague undefined term
But and his his confusion of clips and that's where they in the fact that clips are designed to kill
You know, I mean it's well aren't bullets designed to take down the target
That's right
But let's start with the very first thing he said, you know that they got rid of machine guns
Because of a law that they passed no the reason people were shooting each other on the streets in the 1920s was because of alcohol
provision they don't
80% of the gun violence according to the Chicago chief of police is because of drug gangs shooting it out with each other
Just like Al Capone did and the reason you got people that you know
They can they can do all the bands that they want to on
Machine guns, but that didn't stop Al Capone. He didn't care that banned alcohol
No, I didn't care if they're gonna ban machine guns and you know a pretty boy Floyd
And these guys are gonna rob banks the machine guns or whatever
But you know the bottom line is it was prohibition that was causing the crime there and it's prohibition that is responsible for
Things being shot up on the street and government will always make another mistake before they correct the original problem
And that's what we see here with this this attempt to try to destroy the Second Amendment and it is not an imagined
tyranny the Second Amendment in our Constitution was written because our founders had experienced a tyranny and
They wrote the Constitution but safeguards in there to keep that from happening again, and it's and that's why we have it there
They had come for the guns at Lexington and Concord and that started the American Revolution
They did it here in Texas that started the Texas Revolution
you don't take away people's right to protect themselves and to exercise a
Check on the power of government, and that's a peaceful check as long as the citizens have weapons and the government knows that it's like
to
Two countries that are well-armed in a strong position and they're not one's not going to initiate a war against the other one
It's that kind of a check. It's really a better chance for peace, and if you're unilaterally disarmed
Yeah
Like I said leaves on the nightly news a couple nights ago if we want to if we use the same logic
And we say we don't want the threat of nuclear war. Let's just declare the US a nuke-free zone right absolutely
We don't have anything to shoot back at you, North Korea, so yeah, just they'll leave us alone now
Let's go to our calls Jordan in California
Hello Jordan
My cousin just called me less than an hour ago. There has been a bomb threat at Cal State, Los Angeles
Cal State, Los Angeles can we get on that guy's please they are there. They're evacuating the school
They've never done this in my four years there
It's been never been this big my cousin called me to tell me that they're closing down the school because of a bomb threat
Okay, you say you attend the school?
I attend the school yes, but I don't go till later tonight my cousin called me to let me know
she was there that they're they're
evacuating people and
It's both because of a bomb threat
Classes been canceled for today, okay
Do you know anything about the number of bombs or suspects or anything like that?
No again like this isn't this is barely been happening within an hour like there's no news reports on this whatsoever
This is all very like live happening right now, so I have no information except just to get it out there
Okay, all right, sir. We'll definitely we'll definitely look into that
Thank you for your call. We'll move on problem. Thank you. We'll move on to
All right, thank you info boy for life. I like that right there
I just let me know if you find any information on that we'll move on to Dustin in Tennessee
First of all I want to say I appreciate it and for all the info that you provide I have a
Quite a few points that I want to spit out as quick as possible first
I was right there with y'all as soon as I found out about the Boston thing
I jumped on the HLN started posting links to y'all's a web page of course
They immediately started bringing them down and as soon as I brought it up for bringing them down
Well, then they stopped they stopped bringing them down of course because then they know oh look
They he's someone sees it. These are being brought down
Certainly not so they're gonna
Have an attention towards death well separate from all of a couple of years ago you y'all probably remember this
They had a a couple of pairs
Put quotes around that
There was a terrace that at a drone planes that they were planned on blowing up the Pentagon
Well, how did they know about all of this, but they had no clue about this Boston ball at all
Well that's always the question how do they miss something you know let's talk about 9-eleven
As big as 9-eleven you know they can all follow these little mom-and-pop bomb pots
And you know little shoot-em-ups that never happened, but something is big and grand you know you know the Boston
I mean it definitely injured a lot of people, but as far as taking life it
You know the numbers weren't that significant even though we definitely mourned the loss of the people who did die
But that is a question why do you think that David Knight well the police chief has said that in a part of a press
Conference he said that they had more people than they'd ever had at this event
And he said they were particularly focused on the finish line, and so the question is why is that?
Especially when they will not confirm or deny
Maybe they have denied that they had a bomb drill going, but he would not confirm or deny that with Dan
But on D initially, I don't know if they have subsequently changed their story on that
But we see all the people that were there we see a tremendous number of people
There and we have an eyewitness report saying that they were telling people not to be afraid
It was just a drill the Mobile, Alabama University Mobile
Track coach yes was there
And he said he's run a lot of these events and never seen this kind of security never seen bomb drills never seen bomb sniffing
Dogs at the starting and at the finishing line the bottom line is is that these people cannot keep you safe
If they can't if they weren't planting the bomb
If they weren't doing a drill to kind of cover for the bomb as we saw happen with
September 11th and so many other events as we've talked about
If
If they couldn't do it there
Then they're not going to be able to protect you you should not give up and surrender your liberties for people who basically are not
Capable of delivering on their promise of security exactly. Thank you for your call Justin
We do have that black helicopter clip ready to dovetail what Harry Reid said and what Joe Biden has said about black helicopters
So let's go ahead and roll that footage
Let me read some of the things they're saying about background checks
They say quote we the federal government want to put every private private firearms
Transaction right under the thumb of the federal government and keep all those names in a massive federal registry
Kind of scary man
Black helicopter crowd really is upset
I'm jakari Jackson with an infowars news bulletin vice president Joe Biden is once again
Criticizing those concerned about their Second Amendment rights calling them quote the black helicopter crowd now infowars has well documented
How black helicopters are very much real and active in the United States?
Helicopters and the sound of gunfire
Neighborhood it's a joint military training
January 24th local police also military as someone shots a video of some of these choppers
Military-style choppers if you see military helicopters flying low over Minneapolis do not be alarmed
They are training in an urban environment
The US Special Operations Command will be conducting these exercises until the beginning of September now
Let's take a look at a different part of Biden's speech where he says not only is there no FBI database of firearm purchases
according to him the FBI stretch purchase information immediately after processing and within
24 hours of
Being told
That you can sell that gun
the FBI must
Destroy the information there is no record cap
And this reporter may have been fooled by Biden's rhetoric had it not been for these articles
Even Congress wants to know what the NSA is doing with its two billion dollar
Utah spy Center ATF to spy on gun owners via massive database
Big sis snitch program to help enforce gun control
US to let spy agencies scour Americans finances and
Utah welcomes NSA mega Snoop Center, but you say well none of those were the FBI we can still trust the FBI, right?
Well, let's take a look at these articles
FBI caught line to spy on reporters FBI caught line about carrier IQ spying and
FBI made up threats at peace rally lied to Congress to justify spying activity and just in case you think Biden misspoke like
Mrs. Clinton when she misspoke about having to dodge sniper fire
Let's take a look at these clips of Biden saying he did not vote for war
They talked about this great recession if it fell out of the sky like oh my goodness
Where did it come from it came from this man voting to put two wars in a credit card?
to at the same time put a prescription drug benefit in the credit card and a
Trillion dollar tax cut for very wealthy. I was there I voted against him. I said no we can't afford that I was there
I voted against them
All right, that's enough guys
Convinced you like so there you go the the black helicopters there. That was just a short piece David
You made that piece how many examples were there? Oh there was five or six and they were at the time
We did it the reason we did that special report was because they were hitting like every couple of days
they were doing it through a
stretch there and
one of the things that was striking about that was they kept telling people well we have to
Train in exactly the scenario as close to the scenario that we're going to execute as possible
So if we're going to attack in a naval target we practice on the water if we're gonna go in the mountains
We practice in the mountains, and so we're practicing for urban warfare. Mm-hmm, but they're doing a joint
Warfare drill with the police yeah, and so you got to say well
So are the Iranian police gonna join in with them when they attack Iran? I don't think so
No, I don't think that was what they were practicing for I think they were practicing not only for an urban warfare
But they were practicing to go into an American city and work with the American police. That's the scenario
They've been training on and that's what I think they're expecting to do and it has happened here house-to-house and Hurricane Katrina
But we'll move back to our calls Mike in, California
Very well
It's really just amazing how we've got these guys right-handed now, and you know just hope that America's either
Opened up real soon
With all that the breaking what I just wanted to call make one point
And it just seems to me that the rights of all Americans are being attacked and the liberties of our you know
The our forefathers fought for you know really been taken away from us before our eyes
But when you really look at it closely it seems like they're really attacking one particular group and that is Christians
and I'm just wondering if you guys could talk about that a little bit and
you know just
What you foresee happenings to Christians in the near future just based on some of the laws that they started talking about
Well, yeah
We see the the religious
execution people saying that uh well we've seen the different documents saying that are even
Evangelical Christians are gonna be your new threat. They're taking
Christian
Practices out of school and people say well. I don't want you know my child having to learn about XYZ religion
That's fine if you don't want any religion in schools, but they're saying let's look at you know the Muslim religion
Let's look at this religion. Let's look at that religion, but no Christian religion, and actually that's a special report
I've been trying to to can oh
Oh a little technical difficulty there
That's a report
I've been trying to complete for the past couple weeks
But you know just a lot of inundated news with the gun stuff and in the bomb threats
But I David Knight what do you think about that well? He was just talking about Christians, and it just broke
I think it was just last week yet another one of these incidents
We had one of course the myak report going all the way back to 2009 that info wars broke
you had a fusion center that was talking about Christians essentially being the number one targets along with
so
We also had a West Point think tank do that a couple of months ago
And then just last week we had a lieutenant colonel Jack rich
And he sent out an email fairly lengthy email to his subordinates
and it was basically going down the talking points of the Southern Poverty Law Center and
In that he identified the American Family Association and the Family Research Council along with the Westboro
Baptists who is a very group that always shows up at military funerals
Yelling and screaming at the soldiers because they because of homosexuality. That's the one thing they're fixated on and and they do
Come forth as as a that's one place
I would agree with the Southern Poverty Law Center on that that group comes across as a genuine hateful group
They don't exhibit the love of Christ or the grace of Christ to anybody that I've seen but to put the AFA and the Family
Research Council into the same category and he told people that they don't share
Army values and you need to be aware of these groups and and this is something that he's putting out there where he's
Condemning groups like the Ku Klux Klan and so forth and so on so when he takes
Some mainstream Christian organizations like the American Family Association the Family Research Council
Throws them in that mix it is just clearly a case of trying to demonize these people all right
Thank you for your call Mike. We just
Confirmed that breaking news story about Cal State is that correct guys can we put that article back up?
Guys are getting it right there
Okay, just one I care there. Yeah, they're a bomb scare in Cal Cal State there
It is Los Angeles Times Cal State LA
evacuated campus closed after bomb threat, so I do believe this is a
Pretty recent news. I guess they don't have any suspects or definitive explosive devices as of yet
But we will definitely keep you up-to-date the best we can on that subject
We'll move on to Jeff in Detroit and Jeff. I have this article here
It talks about the ACLU the Detroit police are dumping homeless people outside of the city
I'll read you the article
The Detroit police practices the Detroit police practice of essentially kidnapping homeless people and abandoning them miles away from the neighborhoods
They know which no means
With no means force a safe return is humane callous and illegal said Sarah Metta
ACLU of Michigan staff attorney have you heard anything about them?
Abducting homeless people and just dropping them outside the city. They did that in the first Rambo movie
They picked him up and they dropped him outside the city. He came back and tore some stuff up
But what do you what do you think about that Jeff?
I think I can hear me. Yes. I think it's pretty par for the course if you remember during the Super Bowl
And the Detroit host of the Super Bowl what they did was they painted
Like an old western scene out of a out of a movie set from Hollywood
they painted fronts of buildings to make them look like they weren't dilapidated and
uninhabited so people that were coming driving into the Super Bowl from the city thought the city looked nice when it was just basically
Fronts on the buildings, but Detroit police are a non-issue. They're cut back so far that you have to
You have to really look to find one down there, especially at nighttime
They don't even want to come out and the streetlights don't come on but I could talk about that for a long time
I think Chris had just said it best when he said Detroit is our first
Sacrificed city of the century that the corporations have come in sucked the resources and left the people to live in squalor, basically
One of my points was Alex always mentions multi-dimensional chess and I think what what happened yesterday was a
They we checkmated them with a pawn they weren't expecting that to happen and
What we're watching now is vampires in the light or a psychopath that's been exposed
They're not used to calling audibles when they do their when they run their ops like this and we're watching them scramble
And they have not had practice with this. So I think what most people need to do is
Alex mentioned earlier that
The search engines are now searching false flags. This is a narrative there can you guys are controlling the narrative?
I think when people when people when their family members come up to them or friends and say have you heard about this Boston thing?
I think people need to step up at this point because it's wide open and say yeah
have you have you looked up false flag have you this is when this is the perfect time to inject this in there because the
Information is readily out there and it's it's in people's mind and this this is the time for this to happen
Exactly. It's gonna be interesting to see what they do with this press conference today at four o'clock
We're gonna stick around and cover that and we're gonna have some analysis after that
But it definitely as you said it put them on essentially calling audibles
Yeah, they had to improvise at the last minute here because I think it kind of definitely put a hitch in their plans
Definitely. Definitely. All right, Jeff. Thank you for your call. We got a we got to move quick to another call
We have a call from Canada V in Canada
Very well
First I want to salute you and mr. Jones for the job that you're doing. It's it's outstanding. I think it's gonna be remember
I know that we are focusing right now on a false flag event that happened in Boston
Everybody wants to talk about but I want to bring two points very quickly
And maybe looking a little bit further to the future
so I think that from all of the
Situation that were occurring lately. It's very clear that at some point there will be additional
actions of
From the from the government side and at some point again, they will move towards something more drastic
Now the idea that I'm trying to present is that we need leadership
Leadership in sense of people in terms of politician and maybe even military
I don't know. But the truth is that no movement can
sustain itself with our leadership and that's why the the government will be focusing on the leaders and try to
Discredit them maybe even remove them and I think we need to start looking for leaders on the political side
on a community side and everywhere else to help us come together when the
situation really becomes
intolerable
Exactly. That's why you need to support your your local politicians your national politicians who are on your side
You know support you realize if you agree with him on everything support guys like Rand Paul and support Ted Cruz on gun bills and and
Things such as that. I'm not exactly sure
You know how your political climate is there in Canada?
But I definitely agree with that statement and I would say that we need to not be so exclusively focused on the top
We need to also get active at the local level. That's one of the things that
people who are socialists have been very effective at doing is they've been much more effective at
organizing at the local level and we don't want to make the same mistake that the
socialists the communitarians make
of trying to
You know try to fix everything at the top level
You know what, but they do
Activate at the lower level they think nationally or globally and then they activate at the local level, right?
We need to be focused on individuals and we need to start a lot of the resistance that we're seeing is coming from the state
level
And so we need to support people
Like those people here in Texas who are fighting back against the NDAA who are fighting back against the TSA trying to put restrictions on
Those so people need to look and see what's going on in their area and even try to support those areas
Outside of their state when there's something happening at a state level
We really do need to try to get back to a division of power
between the Federals and the state and we need to also keep in mind
juries and we need to understand that that's a very effective thing that we have and
We can always bring that to bear. We need to educate each other about jury nullification
All right. Thank you for your call V. We'll move on to Donald in Texas
Yes, sir. I just have one question about Boston
If we had all these policemen there hundreds of them and soldiers there
How many of them were hit by shrapnel when these things went off? I do not know
They wanted to get out of the way
I don't know cuz we've heard the reports over well Rob do it's given the story about his brother-in-law was in the army
I believe he's a
Jogger in the army and he was pulled out of the race his brother-in-law before the bombs went off
So as far as I know I'm not saying there haven't been but I've not heard any stories of police or military
Being hit by the shrapnel. Have you David?
Well, it's hard to say because they really haven't talked very much about any of the victims
I took him a very long time before they talked about who was hit
they had an eight-year-old that they released that right away and then they waited a while and they said there was a
Lady who was killed and then there was last I heard the third person who was killed was an Asian
I don't know. Yeah, but I haven't heard it. There was a lot of people that were injured
I don't know but that's a very good point caller that you made. I will have to wait and see what happens with that
You think it's worth looking into I think it's definitely worth looking into but it's like David
David said they haven't been talking about the the people who've been injured
They talked about the people who lost their lives, but not the people who've been injured
Maybe they were told to move on down the street and get the hell out of the way heck
I don't worry. Well, that's a good that'd be a good thing for anybody in the in the city of Boston to look into just
We have to also remember that even in false flags. Not everybody is clued in on it
Mm-hmm, so there could very well be it would not mean that this was not a false flag if there were officers or security
personnel that were injured because you really only have to have a couple of people who are basically inside on this thing and have the
Uniforms for something to work, you know, it's that kind of compartmentalization. So right. All right. Thank you for your call
And that's a good point anybody in the city of Boston talk to your local police were they injured were they not injured
Joseph in North Carolina
Hey, how are you? Very well, sir
I like to say before I start that you guys are really great and I really enjoy watching
I've grown to appreciate you. I like Alex Alex is sort of rush limbaugh with temper
But you guys are good also and the more I watch you the better. I think you are
So I just with that little fan letter. I'll tell you that the only thing I wanted to say is that
what Obama or what the
Globalist or whatever you want to call them. We're trying to do here was kind of a triple bank shot
They were trying to stage a terrorist incident
That basically as you said would get TSA on the street and out of the airport
Make everybody afraid there's going to be another one and then they were hoping to
basically arrest a patsy
who they then could blame the whole thing on reloaders people who have gunpowder and
and they were hoping that maybe they even could could you know win the jackpot and
Arrest somebody who was an NRA member or at least a gun owner
So that actually this incident was timed and was intended to occur in
In conjunction with the consideration of the gun bill in Washington this week exactly
I agree that 100% because when I've been going to the the gun stores like we did that bullet report
For Alex a couple weeks ago
I was thinking to myself the next thing they're going trying to outlaw to try to outlaw is making your own
ammunition and the supplies that are used therein
Absolutely, they were coming after
Registration though, and I think that's been it
I mean certainly this fast and furious was all about moving weapons across borders
And to try to stop weapons moving across borders the solution of that of course was the UN arms trade treaty
those things have been in the works for a very long time for many years and
I think all of this was pulled together
We're coming at registration particularly on multiple fronts, and we certainly beat him back on that one yesterday
All right, and thank you for your call Joseph the number to call in is eight seven seven seven eight nine Alex
That is eight seven seven seven eight nine two five three nine
And you can watch on infowars.com forward slash listen or on prison planet TV
We'll move on now to Chris in Michigan
Hello
How's it going um yeah today? There was actually a bomb scare in Detroit
Wow
Where are you guys heard about that? Oh? No?
Yeah, they evacuated the street my girlfriend actually lives down there
She had a bunch of pictures they closed down the streets and I'm yesterday the Detroit free press online
Posted an illustrated picture on how to build a pipe bomb or not a pipe bomb the pressure cooker
But now before we get to that before we get to the pressure cookie you said that the bomb scare was today or yesterday
This the bomb scare was today. This is still ongoing
Yes, see what is the bomb scare still ongoing?
No it um they defused
They defused it and um
But there was a there's another bomb square. I posted on Facebook someone else saying there was a bomb square in, Washington
And then the one caller said there was one in LA and it just seems like yeah
That's a lot a lot going on there's gonna be a lot of copycat stuff like that
There always is I remember back when I was in high school, and I was a long time ago
We used to have bomb scares regularly of course
I think it was kids calling up to try to get out of exams, but now especially when it's an actual bomb
They did find a bomb
All right, so I mean it's the but if people are thinking the Boston one's an inside job or whatever a false flag
Who's to say that they're not trying to you know be the copycats and just completely scare all of us
You know and to believe in that any anything you go to yeah
We'll look into those other scares, but you're talking about they had a article on how to build a bomb
Yeah, and how to build the pressure cooker bomb they had there was a pretty illustrated graphic
I'm how to make one and then lo and behold the next day. You know they apologized for it
But if people die because now they everyone knows how to go on you know they can't apologize for people dying
You know that you can't just say sorry, and it's all good. Why would you publish something like that?
I just don't understand that you know there's an interesting article on info wars today, and it was by John Rappaport
And he's talking about
Actually he linked to a YouTube video a guy did an analysis
And he said if they were building this pressure cooker bomb the way they were showing it on CNN with nails inside
That's where they you would expect it to be concentric, and you would expect it to be riddled with holes
the exploded pressure cooker that they found
Was not it was basically just blown out in one direction the only hole in it was a machined hole
And he was saying it looked to him like it was a shaped charge
Which would indicate that it wasn't necessarily an amateur that was doing something like this, but somebody who was more sophisticated
so there's a lot of back and forth that's going to be going on about this and
Certainly, we believe that
like I said it certainly was a motivation for the government to be a part of a false flag operation because
We know how they use these things the thing that really kicked it though for us was not just that they had
Motive and something to gain from it, but that they also had a bomb drill that was going on simultaneously
I think that's the key thing in it these other things may or may not be but
We certainly expect the government to do more and bigger things because when they cannot shape the narrative with one event
They will stage another one. Yeah, and we've seen that in the past
Exactly, and they're confident. They're confident that they don't get their way if Napolitano has her budget slashed
If Feinstein can't get the guns off the streets
There'll be more and let me say this and that's another reason why it's important for people to understand
What a false flag is so many people have do not understand
the MO of the government and how they shape the narrative how they manipulate the public a
False flag has a very long history to it, and it's been used recently in a lot of different things
But we've documented that in our very first magazine going back for decades
Documents that have now been declassified and
There are other
Aspects that are more recent going back to September 11th and other attacks like that in the last 10 years has been so many times
They've used that where they have a drill at exactly the same time exactly the same place exactly the same threat level happens
Simultaneously that just is incredible and people need to understand what their mo is and if we can understand that
We can shut down some of these horrific events that they're going to pull off if people are ignorant about it
So that's why it's so important to get that term out
There is why it's so great that that's trending high now after Dan Badandi at the press conference
He really pushed that is great job Dan great job, Dan. Thank you for your call Chris save lives
We'll move on to CJ in Michigan, Michigan
Whoa, hello
Yeah, hey listen
This wiggle thing this turns out to be some kind of event
what I'm predicting everyone likes predictions is
If it is that would tell you that they're planning a bunch of events because they would never do something so close to another event
Because then that would take out the the mileage that they're gonna get from the Boston Marathon
I predicted this a couple years ago that that you always heard about
Iran's gonna have these
Sleeper cells and they're gonna be activated. So, you know if they want to have martial law, you know
It's a big event like the World Trade Center, you know who I'm scared, but it's New York
I don't live in New York, but once they start hitting the soft targets here. They're small-town America
Then mr. Mr. America, we have to implement martial law because no one's safe anywhere
That's right. That's pretty much what we're seeing already. We see on the the pictures in Boston other guys checking papers and
People just willingly accept that because of the situation and I mean, it's not just there
Like we said, it's been many other places. We saw them at a checkpoint at LAX or outside LAX
They were checking people and if these things happen more frequent, especially if they hit hometown America
Like you said people just gonna roll over. Oh, absolutely. Yeah, it's their agenda is advanced by fear and
Paranoia, that's what they accuse us of but we've as you documented in that report
That was really good that you put in there. How many times have we seen?
Biden and Obama go back on their word, you know, Obama wasn't gonna sign the NDAA and then he did
They weren't gonna ban guns and then they did
I mean just over and over and over again even in the debate where he's accusing the other guy
Right, they're pointing at each other. Yeah, and actually the other guy did sign
it was a valid criticism, but he was saying that he wasn't a part of it and when actuality he was and and
People just have to go back and look at the records
but they think we're so stupid that we won't go back and look at their lies on YouTube that we won't go back and look
at their voting record and
You know you showed it and that's the thing
We have to we have to pull those things up and we have to show each other what they're doing and just expose their lies
All right. Thank you for your call. We'll move on to Bruce in Canada
Very well, very well. Hey great. Um, I called a couple days ago. I didn't mean to sound sarcastic
I think you guys are doing an awesome job. I really I mean that sincerely. I'm sorry
I didn't mean I'm sarcastic last time. Oh, no, that's fine
I hear you guys hitting the acceleration pedal and I mean I want to just give you a couple catalyst
Which you know what catalysts are they're just a speed-up a reaction of the awakening here. And I mean you got this whole
Yes
Sorry Bruce you're you're cutting in cutting out a little bit
Oh, sorry, let me switch phones, I guess. Okay. Well, hold on one second. Hopefully he can get his connection established music
Yeah, that sounds better
Thousands of people that would just sell those things to like dentist office and mechanics office and everything like that in their community
Just you know, just make it simple for right and here's what I do when I have a couple extra
of Obama deception
Like the info words magazine thing
I'm sorry, Bruce. We do appreciate your call. You're just we just have a bad phone line the audio on
I'm sorry, maybe a call back again and maybe try a different phone. Thank you for your call though
We'll move on to K in New Jersey
Page car and David are called in yesterday. Just wanted to
Reiterate how disgusted I am with the incompetence
We can clearly see how Jenna depolitano is having some trouble keeping up with the initial story during that conference
And I can't get that cute back up. We're gonna roll on this second. Go ahead K
Yeah, she she actually had the nerve to say that it's
unreasonable for them
To not do what they did which was deport that one suspect one
Let's just say this was a regular domestic issue
The police would question and have everybody at the scene in for questioning
Nobody would be set free until the investigation was concluded
So to see her with a more large-scale instance say that it's perfectly reasonable to let somebody
Go like that is just beyond me and well, that's nothing new
I mean, we've seen them destroy evidence and cover up a crime scene before at Oklahoma City at September, you know, the the World Trade Center
They don't really follow on these big events like this that have all the hallmarks of a false flag that we believe are false flags
They don't follow the typical rules of investigation
Exactly, just like the Oklahoma City building to cover that up. They just tore the building down. Yeah. Oh, yeah
Yeah, remove the evidence at 9-eleven as well
Did you have another point K?
This is of the World Trade Center started to get shipped to foreign landfills
But I just what I really trying to say is the fact that she thinks that we don't understand or Congress
It doesn't understand the procedures of these types of things that she can just say anything to us the same way Alex keep saying
That they had all the seals out there in uniform
Like we can't see that like they've done this so many times before but we're not getting any dumber
We're just figuring it out. So this is they can't afford to just lie to us like this anymore
That's what I'm trying to say
We got that clip queued up and we're taking like it but you you all need to go to YouTube so that you can
Actually see that because it's just the arrogance of her is the way she looks at this call. I'll tell you I'll tell you
We'll get around to informing you sir. Yeah when we come up with a story that we think that you can comprehend
It's like how dare you? Yeah there you question me, you know
It was just amazing the arrogance but also the you can see the anger and the frustration. Mm-hmm. And he's rolling her eyes
I thought her hair was about to spin around backwards. You gotta love that
It's kind of like that press conference that Obama and Biden had yesterday after they lost that gun control bill
You know the Germans called that schadenfreude, you know, it was so funny to see guys. Let me know when we have that clip
It's so funny to see Biden's face. It looked like his hamster just died or something and he's
I
Try to do this with children
Yeah
Okay, thank you for your call. Okay, we're gonna go down to that clip of Napolitano
I'm very concerned about this person of interest that was detained at the hospital in Boston following the marathon madness
He is I believe scheduled to be deported next week
And now I understand he's been cleared of any wrongdoing in the involvement in Boston
But he is being deported due to national security concerns and but CBS says this this gentleman is here on a student
he said he was at the scene along with many other people when the blast happened as
Everybody's standing in shock three Boston PD detectives. See this guy moving quickly out of the crowd as they're watching him
He seems to be moving very deliberately
Which could be a very natural thing after a bombing they stop him because he's covered with blood they end up taking the hospital
That's straight off CBS
And we're asking average Americans to help ID and assist law enforcement and identifying who the bomber was
See something say something and now we have someone who is being deported due to national security concerns
And I'm assuming that he's got some sort of link to terror or wouldn't be being deported
He was at the scene
He could possibly ID the bomber just like we're asking every other American that was on the scene to provide your pictures
Help us identify who may have been acting funny
Everybody we're asking that that was in Boston and we've got this guy who was there. We know he was there
He was arrested or what arrested was detained in the hospital covered with blood
He was at the scene and yet we're going to deport him. So we're gonna look if I might
Remove him from the scene. I am unaware of anyone who is being deported for national security
Concerns at all related to Boston. I don't know where nothing is related to Boston, but he is being deported
Like I said again, he was I don't even think
He was technically a person of interest or a suspect. That was a wash and I'm unaware of any
Proceeding there. I will clarify that for you
But I think this is an example of why it is so important to let law enforcement do its job
I want them to do their job and that's why I say wouldn't you agree with me that it's negligent for us as American
Administration to deport someone who was reportedly at the scene of the bombing
And we're going to deport him not to be able to question him anymore. Is that not negligence?
I'm not going to answer that question is so full with misstatements and miss
Apprehensions that it's just not worthy of an answer
Well CBS reports the gentleman was there. We did detain him at the hospital. He was covered with blood
We've cleared him of any wrongdoing, but it has been reported. He has been deported on there's been so much reported on this
That's been wrong. I can't even begin to tell you congressman
We will provide you with accurate information as it becomes available. I look forward to that. Thank you. I yield back
And there it is he saw miss Napolitano right there. We will provide you sir. Don't get your sources anywhere else
We will provide you with said information. The press conference is coming up in 20 minutes. That's all I can say
Alex seems very excited about this press conference and we will be giving you live coverage on that
We'll move now to is that Cheryl in North North Carolina?
Hi guys, hi
How are you?
I have to tell you I'm
I'm a newcomer to you guys
I'm a newcomer to this new way of thinking I'm a newcomer in a lot of ways in the last two or three months
and
By nature, I'm a researcher. So when I see something I need multiple sources to tell me. Yeah, this looks pretty legit one
Of the things that caught my attention this morning thought on Facebook of all places was a picture
The principal from new camp
Who and I'm sure you guys have had to the thing this thing
It's it's a flash picture of her with newtown and in the Fox I think is the supposed
That she was one block away from the bombing yesterday would obviously that could not have happened if she is not with us any longer
But the conclusion I found is the pictures
junk, it's
Something somebody has put together for whatever purpose
My reason for bringing this to you and to your attention is
Whoever made this picture. I feel like they're on the good side, you know, they're one of the good guys
But they're too extreme and when things like this come to light and then you show hey, this is inaccurate information
This is not right. Nobody has there. I couldn't find any newsfeed on it whatsoever and
It just makes us look like
Well, you gotta keep in mind that you know, some people do fabricate
I haven't seen that particular image that you refer that you're referring to. I have heard about it
I have not seen it myself
But people do these kind of disinformation things that whether this was somebody who was had the right intentions or you know
You know media hoax or whatever. That's deliberate. Sometimes that's deliberate by government operatives, but sometimes people just aggressive
Yes, and we got some some secret Alex Jones information
I'll just talk about like we referenced a couple days ago
people said that there was a
fabricated news clip or a blood and gore disappeared and we were able to look at the footage and say see that was just a
Bloody rag that was picked up off the ground. It wasn't a computer glitch or anything like that
But yes, that is a very very real concern and there is a lot of disinformation out there
So you like you said you have to get your information from multiple sources
Well, one of the things that we saw which again, you know this this explosion that happened up in Waco
there was report that there was a drill going on at the same time and
When we looked into it, it appeared that the drill was not scheduled for yesterday
but for today and so that doesn't necessarily mean anything and the government is not claiming that that was some kind of a terrorist event so
That you know that doesn't necessarily fit into their narrative. Although it's right there where tomorrow they 20 is the 20th anniversary of when they
Burned all those people at the it's a nice way to keep people away from the the Waco compound
Yeah, so I guess it won't be any commemoration of that. But yeah, definitely appreciate your call
We'll move on to Mike in Louisiana
Yes, go ahead Mike
I know first of all, I want to say that the politics will say yes or no
There was a very simple question to answer
second of all ever since the
Misapp at the Superdome. I'm actually from southeast Louisiana. I decided to take on total how many black helicopters I've seen barely
Yesterday a total of eight. Yes yesterday was a total of 18, which is the largest number I've seen to date
Is there any type of military base or anything where you are?
We do have on we do have a joint naval air station
But I mean this is I mean ridiculously close to my house
I mean it was I probably could have thrown basketball at these guys, you know, I mean, this is this was incredible
Do you have any footage of this?
No, but I'm playing on taking some
Take some and put it on YouTube. Is there an announcement that they would shoot me down if I did
Is there an announced drill in that area? I know there's a lot of military activity
Section but there was nothing that was ever announced. No, there's nothing on you. They tell you, you know, don't be along
This is the news cast, you know, don't worry about the helicopters flying about those. There was no indication this time
I also wanted to make one request of Alex for the old-time listener. Okay?
Did you please do a Cooper commando impression for me?
Oh, yeah, you started out there too. All right. Thanks you. Thanks for your call Mike
Cobra can see I cover commander will protect you from the bombings
I'm not behind it who would say we would do that to take care of freedom
Calvary
Thank you, Alex. All right, and we'll move on to Matt in Oregon
Good afternoon gentlemen, good afternoon. How you doing today? Very well
Austin reminds me of the movie The Thomas Crown up there. I've never seen all the guys into the museum with bowler hats on
And they can't figure out who's who and what's going on to throw off any sort of you know, well-meaning
Individuals. Yeah, exactly the same type scenario
But switching gears the question I had is that someone had brought up on Monday that the New York Times below the fold
Had talked about an indictment of Obama Bush and Clinton of war crimes. Yes
Dr. Pachinik was talking about that yesterday on the Alex Jones radio show and also I referenced it last night of the info wars nightly news
I don't know if we have that article
I believe it was taken down but it was reposted on prison planet so you can go to the archives at prison planet TV or
Also on YouTube and look at some of the there's a bipartisan commission and they produced a 600 page report
They had a one-hour presentation video of their results and what they did was they indicted
The Bush administration the Obama administration even going back to the Bill Clinton administration
talking about essentially war crimes planned at the highest levels of our government and it has some nice quotes in there from guys like
Dick Cheney and
Pelosi saying oh, yeah, we love
Exaggerated or what's the term?
Extraordinary rendition. Yeah, something like that. Yeah, so definitely I check that out that you can find those interviews with dr
Steve Pachinik on the Alex Jones YouTube page. We'll move on now to Marcus in, Texas
Oh
Marcus
Chris okay, go ahead
Tremendously awesome job really appreciate all you guys hard work. Thank you
Kind of off subject, but have you guys heard about this armed peaceful March?
That's supposed to take place in Washington DC on July 4th. No, I have not let fill us in on that
Okay, there's a group called
prepare to take America back on Facebook, okay, and
Apparently they are organizing this arm peaceful March on Washington DC on July 4th, and
They haven't really put out a lot of details. They do have an event scheduled. So that may be something y'all want to take into and
Just your thoughts on whether it'd be a good idea or not
I don't think anytime you have any type of public display of weapons
I definitely recommend having them unloaded regardless of where you are. That'd be my first thought David. Yes, he has some
Probably the most restrictive gun control laws anywhere. So it's gonna be interesting to see what happens with that. Now. There is a
Rally tomorrow. I don't know if you've been following the news here
But Stuart Rhodes of Oath Keepers was scheduled as they have in the past several years to have a rally on
Lexington green to commemorate the anniversary of the British coming in to seize the guns with the Oath Keepers and
It's always been a very peaceful rally of veterans and speeches and that sort of thing and they had their permit cancelled
But I understand they're going to meet there anyway and exercise their First Amendment rights
I believe yeah, they had their permit cancelled because of you know
Danger threats or you know terrorist threats or whatever. They have free speech in a police state
Yeah, you can't have any free speech. Definitely. I will look into that. You said prepare to take America back
Is he going
Yes, okay, we'll look into that. Thank you, sir. The number to call in is eight seven seven seven eight nine Alex
That is eight seven seven seven eight nine two five three nine. We're just about ten minutes away from the press conference
So we'll finish with Tony and then I believe it's is it Danny in Illinois?
And then we'll show a video and come back with the press conference
So Tony go ahead Tony in Pennsylvania
Very well
Good
We need to beat this indictment like a dead horse in all honesty
I think this is gonna be the Hail Mary that brings these ass these guys down
Yeah, go ahead. So we really we really need to to beat this indictment like a dead horse
I can't stress that enough. We need to talk about this more than anything. I would imagine
Mm-hmm. And we got can you guys see if you can find that arc?
I know it was pulled down
But if you can't find it, that would be good go ahead the things that the clinic was talking about it
And and also I would recommend anybody that wants information about this
There is a article at the New York Times called get mo is killing me
And if you want to see what our future is going to be like
Under the kind of NDAA world that Lindsey Graham and John McCain and Carl Levin
Want to institute here in Obama want to institute here. Take a look at that because people who will do that to
Someone who is not an American citizen will do that to an American citizen
And let me let me give the the viewers this article David
This is the New York Times US engaged in torture after 9-11 review concludes again
that is US engaged in torture after 9-11 review concludes, so that's just one of the many articles and
And to get that out to your friends and family pachinik had a article as well
I believe it was taken down to maybe on Planet Info Wars. I believe so, but you're right, sir
This is definitely something that needs to be to publicize you to get your friends in on the on the action
I do have one more question that what is the possibility of this even going through they gonna weasel their way out of this one
You think?
Well, this group doesn't have I don't know this group has any legal clout to do this
Basically, what they did was they conducted a very long investigation of these three
Administrations and they put their data out there, but I don't think that they're anything like a grand jury
They don't have any kind of indictment powers
I mean they've indicted them in a somewhat symbolic like in the in the public
pachinik was sad it was very significant in his mind that this would even go through because to him it appeared that
people were withdrawing important people were withdrawing their support from Obama and
I kind of leaving him hanging out there to dry. So we'll see what happens with that
Yeah, but definitely inform your friends and family of that one, sir and our last call Dan and Illinois
Way short for time maybe I'm smoking something but I don't smoke something but maybe I should be smoking something
We are the public we have public servants. Oh, I'm sorry. I want to be little Hitlers, but you see the way I see this
I don't want everybody's getting so excited
Outside of us our law enforcement our military our militias losing the right to own arms
Because you see they're taking oath to the Constitution
Okay, so the Constitution applies to them if this does not apply to the public. We have a Dick Act
Okay, we have our Bill of Rights and first and foremost we have our god-given rights
We don't need permission if they're going to take away the Second Amendment the whatever they're going to say
These are a set of rules our Constitution is a rule book. Hey Dan. Okay, just hold on one second
I just want to talk to guys for one second
Can we get the clip MSNBC host blames NRA for law enforcement and ability at Boston if we can go out to break on?
That one but go ahead Dan finish your point
Everybody's worried about this Constitution stuff. Yeah, I'm worried about it because you know
People are getting blindsided that the Constitution is rules and regulations for our law enforcement our military
That's right law enforcement and our military need to be on
Okay, and that's who this applies to not the people you can't you can't disarm the public
We are the public they are the servants and if you look at article 1 section 8 the Constitution it clearly identifies the militia as being
the core of our defense
Permanent standing armies were only to be funded or not to be permanent armies were only to be funded for two years at a time
But you know when they talk about 90% of the people supported their legislation
well, I don't know where they got that figure but you know what it doesn't matter if 90% of the people got it because as
Jefferson said a democracy is where 51% of the people take away the rights of the other 49
It's two walls and two walls and a sheep voting for what's that's right. That's right
We have the Constitution we have that rule of law there because and they swear allegiance to it and they are essentially
temporary stewards who are swearing allegiance to the king of the land and that King is a
law what they said at the colonial times Lex Rex that's Latin for the law is king and that's what they're swearing allegiance to and
When they do anything to undermine that they're basically not only committing with their unfaithful stewards, and they're committing treason
All right. Thank you for your call. We have to go to break
We will be back with the other press conference and then more of your calls the number to call in is eight seven seven
Seven eight nine Alex that is eight seven seven seven eight nine two five three nine
But remember we're gonna start with a press conference back on the other side
So guys roll to the video when whenever you're ready
Today the gun lobbyists at the NRA got what they wanted on the floor of the United States Senate and tonight
Lobbyists from the NRA have made it harder for the FBI to find the murderer who planted the bombs here in Boston
The investigation into Monday's bombing in Boston intensifies there's a lot of information flying around right now
we've heard conflicting information various media accounts right now as to whether or not someone is in custody a
Suspect is about to be arrested. I've just been told that an arrest has been made
We are just not comfortable at this hour reporting that several law enforcement
Sources tell us that has not happened all of our sources say no arrest on the record
There's been no arrest in the Boston bombings case
Here is what we actually know investigators have identified solid leads from video evidence
Investigators have obtained video surveillance video specifically from a department store the person
Placing a black bag down near the seam of the blast at the same time as you've heard they're piecing together the bomb parts
It's a very promising lead the tracking where they were purchased. The investigation is accelerating pretty rapidly
What happened to us the other day will not cow it will not change us
What happened the other day was not just an attack against Boston. There's an attack against all of us
There are new developments tonight in the bombing investigation here in Boston
But that investigation could be moving faster were it not for the successful lobbying efforts of the National Rifle
Association the NRA's effort to guarantee that American mass murderers are the best equipped mass murderers in the world is not
limited to murderers use assault weapons and high-capacity
Magazines the NRA is also in the business of helping bombers get away with their crimes
Gunpowder could be traced by investigators to a buyer at the point of sale if gunpowder contained a
Taggant an element that would enable tracing of the purchase of gunpowder, but thanks to the National Rifle Association
Identification taggants are required by law only in
plastic explosives the NRA has successfully blocked any
requirements for such taggants in
Gunpowder so such supremely helpful evidence as taggants are not available to the FBI in this
Investigation the FBI tells NBC News it is following some promising leads
one in particular video and images collected by authorities showing someone carrying a heavy backpack or duffel bag and
Placing it at the spot where the second bomb went off
Key evidence is also being obtained from footage captured by a security camera above
One of the bomb sites that camera was on the top of the Lord and Taylor department store on
Boylston Street just over here one block away
Despite conflicting reports today in the media none of which originated from this network
There has been no arrest of any individual or individuals at this time the FBI and Boston police
Are calling for restraint?
All right and welcome back to the Alex Jones radio show serious overdrive myself and David Knight if you're watching on prison planet
TV or infowars.com
Listen we definitely appreciate your presence now. We will be recover covering a press conference here in a few moments guys
Just let us know when that's up and ready, but in the meantime
We can take a couple more calls the number to call is is eight seven seven seven eight nine Alex that is eight seven seven seven
Eight nine two five three nine and before we go to the calls David. Do you have any thoughts?
Yeah, today is tax freedom day
So just think about that New Year's Eve party that you're at and think about all the days that you've worked
Between then and now that all goes to the government unless you live in, New York, California
New Jersey or Illinois in which case you're still working for the government right okay now. I we do have the press conference
Let's go to that
I'm Prince to begin. They've just given us that man. You just saw there, but they call a five-minute warning
Anything else
Except him as well. Thank you sir all right, so we got about a five-minute head start
So let's go over a couple articles and since we have time in the college and call in at eight seven seven seven eight nine
Alex I like this one from the the National Review online
Feinstein show some guts. This is Feinstein. I believe after the the bill was struck down in the Senate
She says I am really she grinned and concerned if anybody cares
Vote to at least prospectively banned the manufacturer the sale the importation of military-style assault weapons
She said remarks on the Senate floor
That's right have some guts man up and destroy the Constitution pretty pretty much is what she was you afraid of that law
I mean, that's just a piece of paper right yeah
Paper that piece of paper can't hurt you you should do what I tell you to do well speaking of the Constitution guys
we've had a victory with the
trying to
Destroy the Second Amendment and putting registration unconstitutional
Requirements on things and trying to turn what is a fundamental right into a government granted privilege?
But now is not the time to rest on your laurels. We have the CISPA
a bill has already been passed by the
House of Representatives it passed by a large margin
288 to 127 and it is going before the Senate. They're moving pretty quickly on this and
This is something that is in
Direct conflict with a Fourth Amendment to be secure in your privacy and your person in your home and house
If we're going to allow them to destroy our freedoms in the virtual world they will destroy our freedoms in the physical world as well
just like they are doing at the airport and many other ways and
Look at some of the things that were said on this we had a representative Rogers. Who's a Republican
From Michigan, and he called anybody who opposed this a teenage basement tweeter
And he was saying that all the corporations were in support of this
But there's many internet companies, and here's a list of them that we get from the electronic freedom foundation org
That's EFF org
They said Mozilla read it name cheap Gandhi net others have come out strongly against the bill
70 cybersecurity experts and academics sent a joint letter opposing it there are 34 civil liberties groups that have sent a letter opposing
CISPA in its current form and
Listen to this incredible thing that was said by Rogers. He said all we're talking about here is
Zeros and ones hundreds of millions of times a second in patterns it has nothing to do with content nothing
I mean that is so profoundly is that guy think that we are blithering idiots, or is he a blithering idiot
I mean that is the most profoundly ignorant thing
I've ever seen of course all digital communication is a series of ones and zeros and that's how you constitute the content
I mean that is just
mind-boggling that he would make that kind of a statement as well as disparaging
Anybody who disagrees with the idea that the Fourth Amendment is sacrosanct and needs to be respected
Just like the other ones and this is where we need to break this left-right paradigm
For so long the left has cared about civil liberties issues
But disparage the Second Amendment and the right basically would care about the Second Amendment and disparage civil liberties
Or kind of ignore them we need to get the same people who?
Harangued the Senate to do the right thing we need to get them on the senators and say we don't just want the Second Amendment
We want the Fourth Amendment. We want the Sixth Amendment all the First Amendment exactly want all of these things so
Get on you know tell people on Facebook to get on to the senators everybody give them a call and let them know because time
Is very short that's very important. This is a good time, especially the people who are internet savvy, and you know use it
Quite frequently this concerns you a great deal
It's not just about you know hacking the new Iron Man movie or whatever else use those ones and zeros to inform each other
Yeah, use those ones and zeros to inform each other like you
Write your friends all day on Twitter and Facebook
Write your congressman write your senator write write people who can actually do things about this and say hey
I'm a supporter you or at least I could potentially support you if you support getting this out of here
So definitely keep that in mind and talking. I just mentioned briefly the new Iron Man movie I
Saw this on Drudge yesterday. They have smell-o-vision now. Did you see that?
Yeah, it's it's smell-o-vision so you can smell Robert Downey jr.. Sweaty armpits and our man
They call it 4d all right, so you have smell now in your movie great
I think that's gonna be of an even bigger flop of the theaters on 3d is turning out to be
Oh my god to focus on content. Oh, yeah, that's what that's way off topic
Where are we in the the press conference or we're about to start or still still waiting, okay?
Okay
Yeah, yeah, we'll keep that cat in the back for right now all right, so let's yeah, let's start with take some calls
We'll start with Dan not Dan. Excuse me Brad in Michigan
How you guys doing today very well very way, I'm a first-time caller, but I'm a listener for life. Oh
I just wanted to talk about the
Incidences have been happening in the past
week or so and I remember you guys had Alex Jones had a
His son on there, and he was talking about how they
destabilize the regions over in the Middle East
And I was just curious is that something that could I have this feeling that it's gonna be coming this way
Well I mean
Just look at some of the just look at some of the news
It was breaking in the last couple of days there was an article on drug report where they were
Saying it was essentially the Syrian president saying you guys are using al-qaeda
And al-qaeda is gonna come back to bite you in America and bite you in Western Europe and everything
It's like hey, and he pointed out, and this is you know very well the people are talking about this he pointed out that
the u.s.. Created al-qaeda
to go against the Russians and
So but the question is were they ever not in control of that. That's really the question
We know they created them. We know that they use them to overthrow Libya. We know they're using them in Syria
They're sending money to them even though
We are supposedly and we truly are in dire straits as far as money goes as far as sequester goes we are broke
And we're printing money and borrowing money from the Federal Reserve banks and paying them tremendous amounts of interest so that we can
Send that money then to al-qaeda is absolutely an insane foreign policy
And just look at al-qaeda the free Syrian army as they are as they are referred to in Syria
They're recruiting children who were playing with dynamite in ak-47
Syrian girl has been on here talking about how the Syrian army is
Raping people the free Syrian army is raping young women and young girls even they're beating up old men in the streets
You can find all that stuff on Syrian girls a partisan channel. I believe it's called on YouTube, and I gotta say
We looked at this press conference
not a press conference, but
representative Duncan questioning Janet Napolitano about this Saudi person of interest and
When I first heard that
You know the reports were that they grabbed a Saudi guy because he was running and of course everybody's running doing that and I thought
Well, they're just single this guy out because he's Arab, but then the fact that they would deport him
I find that to be the most suspicious thing about it get him out of here as we know that it was Saudis that
They used as the narrative for 9-eleven
You know whatever their involvement was of course we know they found all their passports immediately afterwards some of them laying on top of the heat
So they yeah
but you know that there's been this kind of connection in the past just as there has been with al-qaeda and
So I find that to be even more suspicious than the initial reports all right, and thank you for your call Brad
We'll we'll take calls until the press conference starts. We'll go to Chris in, California
I got doing today very well. I'm just quick question. I don't know if you guys have to look at YouTube
About Charlie Chaplin appreciate it. I'm sorry. I can't hear you. Can you get a little closer to your phone? Oh, yeah?
Charlie Charlie Chaplin, I don't know if you guys
Watched his video on YouTube message to the humanity
Are you talking about the original Charlie Chaplin or is this something? Yeah? I mean that I'm not really sure somebody
Original but there's a video on YouTube
Message to humanity, and it's I mean it's a pretty good video
I don't know if you guys didn't look at it, or maybe my house has no. I haven't seen what's the video about?
it's just talked about how he doesn't want to be dictator and
He wants people to wake up from all the chaos and corruption that's going on with the world
That's about a three minute and thirty second clip
Okay, and you said it's so can you tell us the title one more time?
Charlie Charlie Chaplin message to you. Okay. Thank you for your call Chris. We're gonna move on to Sam in, Ohio
Are you doing doing very well
Good, I was calling in to make sure people were informed of the act of 1871
which
Turned the United States into a corporation
two constitutions
Now are in place the organic Constitution and the corporate Constitution
You said the act of 1871 yes, sir, okay, go ahead and
and
This is very important because with the act of 1871
the corporate constitution is
operating and private international law
our original organic Constitution
Was not to operate in private international law
So I just wanted to put that up out there so people can check that out themselves
I feel that's very important for all Americans to know the truth well
We certainly have the narrative that we've heard over and over again about the Constitution being a living document that they're not bound to
It and and and now we have a lot of people coming out and just saying well
Let's get rid of the Second Amendment. Let's get rid of the Constitution. Let's not be bound by it
You know we need to make sure that
The the Constitution is being obeyed
Exactly in a good example of what she's talking about is that movie network where I do believe we may have that audio clip where?
Mr.. Howard Beale is getting the lecture about there is no United States. There is no Canada
There's only IBM and AT&T and and this and that and that's a very real very true statement in that film that film network
Yeah, okay, we'll move on. Thank you for your call Sam. We'll move on to Dennis in Colorado
Hello
Yes, are you?
Yes, go ahead with your call
Well, you know this has been going on for years. I mean even from Vietnam
you know when they say they don't do landmines don't warn they got the
These baseball-sized things that pops up and kill people you know and the government's been a lot of conspiracy
Absolutely this isn't the first time this has happened in Boston or oh no
We go or wherever and if you go back if you can you can probably find it online
If you don't have a physical copy of it
But the very first info Wars magazine Kurt Nemo wrote a very good article about the history of false flags
And he basically took it up to about the time of the Vietnam War
There were a ton of false flag incidents there all of which have now been
Declassified things like operation Gladio up and Northwoods those sorts of things as well as
golf at the the Gulf of Tonkin exactly so
There but there have been a lot more since then and so we're going to be updating that article
Watch for that
All right, thank you for your call move back to Bruce in Canada
Hello, yes, oh hey. How do I sound now? You do sound much better? Go ahead
I excellent excellent. Let's just cut right to the gym here then gentlemen
Last last week exactly one week ago today three days before the bombing the government re-released the tape where Adam Gadon
the grandson of the ADL called for lone wolf attacks to cause mass casualties using whatever means obtainable and
MSNBC show Morning Joe ran text on screen three days before the attack on April 11th the text on screen
Said video draws attention to potential terror threat
You know can you give us the day give us that date?
It's gun control bill got loaded down Adam got on and he said you could go arm yourself
With a fully automatic weapon had a gun show with no paperwork in the video a total lie
But it's extremely convenient wouldn't you say I mean the other boogeyman are dead after all you can't say old and war
I'll lackey the CIA lackey was the bombers handler anymore like he did in Times Square, or he did at Fort Fort Hood
Right Osama bin. Goldstein can't rise from the grave to help Obama politically like he did with Bush
Conveniently Adam was linked to Fort Hood shooting before they killed the last guy with the predator drone
And who released the tape days before the bomb you know the government who's desperate to link the Tea Party and libertarians?
with terrorist groups the government
So let's blow a hole in what their official narrative would have been days ago
You know let's stand in front like this is incredible lots of publications already saying it was some patriot type fellow
Like that's the automatic thing you go to now. I mean the script is now
Officially flipped I mean all it takes now is a tie a freethinking patriot minded Patsy on an event like Patriots Day
to some CIA out the guy like
Adam you know Adam get Don and just say I don't get Don was the bombers handler because you can't do that with the last guy
Died right so check this video out
Here's the hello. Yes. Go ahead there. Here's here's the text of it unbelievable video most wanted al-qaeda terrorists
Adam did on likes the NRA. That's the text of the YouTube video is a 60-second like gun control
Video that al-qaeda made conveniently before their last agenda. I mean I just I see right through this you know
Alright, thank you. We'll check that out. I will move on now to Dennis in, Texas
Hi there
Yes, go ahead
Okay, great
I've got a couple of things for you. I worked in the Middle East for almost 38 years
I've worked with
the various agencies and
Operating companies and operators
You're very correct about the uniform that these people were wearing
If you looked you'll probably find that they came from a company called 511 and boots are Danner
the stuff
PG and the tactical pants of the 511 it's a five-in-one
Jacket and their caps you're correct
As to the logo and everything the Saudis
Don't operate with
US Navy SEALs they actually operate with the F
the special boat service or FAS never yeah, it would be the essay I say
UK and
And what I what I would suggest is that if we really want to get to the bottom of this
The people that are identified in the photos
should be
Should be identified and brought forward and they should
Provide a critique for
What happened during that operation and why it failed?
and what the intent of the operation was and
They all work for us
absolutely, there's no reason that they shouldn't be trotted out and
Should provide a critique and if the government if the government is going to tell us that they need to take our
liberties so that it can make us secure then they need to give us an explanation as to why when they have that many people and
That concentrated in that area, and they were so totally ineffective
When they were apparently were looking and expecting something from all reports
Yeah, and I believe the the agency that the guys allegedly worked for was called craft
Was that correct somebody had mentioned that somebody mentioned that?
There's there's a lot of different companies, you know
but
We're paying these people and they're they're kind of Cowboys
In the Middle East and
the although all the companies that were under God were brought under the UCMJ, but
The
There was one company working for the State Department that wasn't brought under the UCMJ
And they're the people's the people that became Cowboys over there
They're the people that got killed in Fallujah. There's and they're the reason that Fallujah was destroyed
Basically, these people got out of they got scared. They thought they were surrounded
They just shot in all directions. The people became outraged and they got hung from the bridge and we
our military
Destroyed Fallujah for that for that reason I watched it. All right
All right now I do believe we have some activity at the press conference. Thank you for your call
Seems like we have some activities and looks like somebody's coming in the number to call in is eight seven seven seven eight nine
Alex that is eight seven seven seven eight nine two five three nine
Well, they started filing in and now the guys just standing at the door
So I guess we can take more calls. Sorry to the last caller still putting the finishing touches on that story
I guess that they were gonna break yesterday
Yeah, they know people were slowly coming in and just all three people walk through the door. It looks like some more coming in
So we'll we just want to be ready
Yeah, like the gentleman said there were similarities to the the group name named Kraft with those
Alleged soldiers. We don't know that for sure that they were actually connected to the group, but there are some similarities in their appearance
Just to comment on what the last caller said
We're still waiting for
Some grand poobah to make their entrance they've got a shot of the cameraman standing here at the entrance to the door waiting
They're guys to come guys ready. No one is coming. All right, so we'll go back to our call line
We'll go to Jim in New York
Hello Jim
Well, never we have Jim, okay. All right. Well Jim Jim just stay right there Jim stay right there. Let's get audio guys
You we're waiting for him to say something there we go
Good afternoon, my name is Richard Deloria and I am the special agent in charge of the FBI's Boston division
Since Monday's bombing is the FBI and our law enforcement partners have been working around the clock and are fully committed to investigating the matter
This matter to bring those responsible to justice
Our collective law enforcement team has pursued thousands of leads and tips
As I said two days ago, we are working methodically and with a sense of urgency to identify those responsible for the bombings
Within the last day or so through our care through that careful process. We initially developed a single person of interest
Not knowing that the individual was acting alone or in concert with others
We obviously worked with extreme purpose to make that determination
The entire force of the federal government the FBI in Boston around the world as well as our partners in the Boston Police
ATF
Massachusetts State Police and more than 30 agencies of the Boston Joint Terrorism Task Force have set about to ensure that all
Responsible for the bombings will be brought to justice
More importantly it was done to ensure the future safety of the city of Boston the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and the country
Indeed through that process the FBI developed a second subject subject suspect
Today we are listing the public's help to identify the two suspects
Just after a very detailed analysis of photo video and other evidence. We are releasing photos of these two suspects
They are identified as suspect one and suspect two
They appear to be associated
Suspect one is wearing a dark hat
Suspect two is wearing a white hat
Suspect two set down a backpack at the site of the second explosion just in front of the forum restaurant
We
Strongly encourage those who were at the forum restaurant who have not contacted contacted us yet to do so
As you can see from one of the open from one of the images suspects one and two appear to be walking together
Through the marathon crowd on Boylston Street and the direction of the finish line
That image was captured as they walked on Boylston in the vicinity of the intersection with Gloucester Street
As you can see the quality of the photos is quite good, but we will continue to work on developing additional images to improve their
identification value
Further on fbi.gov we have photos of the suspects
The photos and videos are posted for the public and media to use review and publicize
For clarity these images should be the only ones I emphasize the only ones that the public should view to assist us
other photos should not be deemed credible and unless and they unnecessarily divert the public's attention in the wrong direction and
Create undue work for vital law enforcement resources
For more than 100 years the FBI has relied upon the public to be its eyes and ears
With the media's help in an instant these images will be delivered directly into the hands of millions around the world
We know the public will play a critical role in identifying and locating these individuals
Somebody out there knows these individuals as friends neighbors co-workers or family members of the suspects
Though it may be difficult the nation is counting on those with information to come forward and provide it to us
They said look at these two bit of information no matter how small or
Consequential the eye picture is too small for us to see each piece moves us forward towards justice
It is extremely important to contact us with any information regarding the identities of suspect one
Suspects who and their location we consider them to be armed and extremely dangerous
No one should approach them. No one should attempt to apprehend them except law enforcement
Let me iterate that reiterate that caution. Do not take any action on your own
If you see these men contact law enforcement if you know anything about the bombings or the men picture here
Please call the telephone listed on the photo arrays. That's 1-800-CALL-FBI
Again, that's 1-800-225-5324
All calls will be kept confidential
We have also established a website for tips that directly relates to the bombing. Please contact. Please contact us at Boston
Marathon tips dot FBI dot gov
Again, that website is Boston Marathon tips dot FBI dot gov
The photos can be viewed on our website FBI dot gov
It is important to emphasize the images from Monday are indelible and the horror of that day will remain with us forever
This further underscores our obligation to investigate this crime judiciously in order to bring these those responsible to justice
The victims and the survivors deserve nothing more
Nothing less. Excuse me as a as to Monday's victims. The FBI is committed to ensuring that victims receive the rights
They are entitled to and the assistance they need to cope with the crime
Treating victims with respect and providing them with assistance benefits benefits and help and and assistance will better our cases
Our resources include an office of victim assistance at FBI headquarters and victim specialists nationwide
These highly trained professionals can assist victims and coordinate with other agencies to provide victims with the support
Information and resources necessary to effectively meet their needs
Our victim specialist team continues to work around the clock to bring assistance to the victims of this heinous act
Identifying and locating those responsible is now our highest priority
No other details of the investment investigation will be released at this time because this is our focus now
It continues to be an ongoing active
investigation review these photographs and contact us at 1-800-CALL-FBI or
www.bostonmarathontips.fbi.gov immediately. Thank you very much. Karen?
I wouldn't want to comment on that Karen right now. I would allow US Attorney Ortiz to comment on that aspect
Are you denying that those bombs rose Monday morning? We got photographs on Infowars.com folks
Next question, please next question, please. Yes
Are both suspects seen planting these devices at the finish line?
No
The only one who has observed planting what we believe to be the device is suspect number two with a white cap
What time did they put those devices down?
I don't have the precise time in front of me. It was shortly before the bomb blast went off within minutes
At these time these are people of interest to the FBI
Do you have any information on what they did after the explosions? Any indication they were around watching? Do you have any videos of them walking away?
Suspect number two of what the white cap on proceeded west on Boylston Street and that's all we know right now
Sir, can you address the, there are pictures today in newspapers all over the country including the New York Post that identified two men as potential suspects
I'm just wondering what it does to your investigation when things like this get out and these guys are wrong?
I think I addressed that, thank you and I think I addressed that question in my statement by saying the only photos that we officially relied upon in this investigation are those you see before you today
If there are any dangers you stand by your statement that there is no additional danger to the public?
I do stand by that statement right now. There's no additional imminent danger that we are aware of right now
Okay, thank you
They're ending the conference now. Dan Badani got a question in
Again, the photos are available at FBI.gov. We'll have more information when we have something to release publicly
We'll be back, but we'll let you know. Check our website, FBI.gov
Sounds like Dan in the background
So you heard the FBI guys say these are the only images that you need to focus on. These two guys out of everybody in the crowd
And don't get me wrong, I'm sure the FBI is competent and definitely looking into the situation, but as Dan pointed out we have other images on Infowars.com
There are images on other sites that may not be on Infowars.com of other people that may be included in the bombing
I'm not as confident as you are in their competence
Quite frankly, he said to go to FBI.gov, I went there with my iPad and Safari can't open because the server has stopped responding
So they put all this on a webpage where they couldn't handle the traffic. Did they not anticipate that a lot of people might go there?
I'm sure the writers or whoever will put the suspects on with our pictures that we have on Infowars.com
But we didn't see any pictures of the stuff that's been floating around
They didn't address that at all
It's worth noting here that Peter King was saying we need to have more cameras, we need to have more cameras
What he means by that is they need to have more government cameras, he thinks
They do not want us taking pictures in public of them doing their job or even of a crime site
And even when we get pictures of a crime site, they want to discount that and say those aren't officially taken by the FBI
Don't look at those, don't talk about those
And that's what Dan was trying to ask him
There are other pictures here, tell us about why did you rule those out or whatever, they're not going to respond to that
And I definitely can't wait to see that video when he sees Dan, he's like, oh man it's him again
Who let that guy in here?
Next question
Okay, so I guess guys we will roll just to 5 o'clock just to make it good and even and take some calls on this
The number to call in is 877-789, Alex that is 877-789-2539
Jim in New York, did you have a chance to see the press conference?
Hello, Jim in New York, are you there?
I'm sending the Boston Bonnies, okay?
I'm sorry, I think we missed the, yes, go ahead, start from the beginning
Yeah, I had something very strange happen to me considering the Boston Bonnies, alright?
I took advantage of the Paul Revere contest and I did a video and I shipped out two squatty potties to Governor Cuomo and Mayor Bloomberg
This was Sunday, come Tuesday when the boxing board received my video on YouTube related and associated to everything that happened in Boston
Can you say that again? You sent out two squatty potties and then what happened after that?
I sent out two squatty potties Sunday morning at about 5 in the morning from Rochester, New York out in Henrietta
Okay
To Mayor Bloomberg and Governor Cuomo and I decorated the outside of the box, it was comical in nature, okay?
So Tuesday I looked at my YouTube channel and it said related videos to the Paul Revere contest, the squatty potty winner contest, Governor Cuomo and Mayor Bloomberg
When I clicked on related videos, all the videos that were uploaded for the Boston bombing was related to me
Now, the thing is this, if I'm a guy that wears a mask, I'm in a kilt and I asked another billionaire and I throw in some comedy satire and humor
Yeah, before, Jim can you just hold on one second, can you just tell us the headline of your video so we can pull it up?
Squatty potty contest winner
Squatty potty contest winner guys, if we can pull that up on YouTube
Yeah, New York City twin sphincters
Okay, go ahead
And do you want the channel name because it's the feature video and I'm not doing this for this, I can actually email you the pictures
and a brief video or I'll try to upload a video type from my phone that I actually have the videos that were associated with me
So number one, nothing in the title is associated with what happened on Monday, my video was uploaded Sunday
I'm a guy that likes the constitution and I have done these videos pertaining to Obama, you know, radical Islam and everything else like this
So for my video to be related, such a topic is absolutely horrendous
And like I said, I'm not scared, I know the perils were in, it just kind of freaked me out
Yeah, that's interesting
When it came to the meta tagging, the meta tagging was Paul Revere contest, NWL New World Order, Alex Jones contest winner
Had nothing pertaining to do with Boston, now mind you, I did this day before, Tuesday
That's interesting, now as part of the contest, typically it's a requirement that you put Infowars.com in the description
Was that also there, you had a meta tag of Alex Jones, did you have Infowars.com in the description?
Yes I did, I most definitely did that, you know, the squatty potty contest winners and the rest of the name
And I'm thinking what is this, am I being set up as a potential future patsy?
Because if you check out the video, I'm a guy who's animated with a mask and a kilt, stick, you know what I'm saying?
It'll be interesting
I'm trying to deliver the message in a different way as the typical, you know, New World Order, I'm trying to add some levity to it
Right, right, yeah, comedy can be very effective
It'll be interesting to see if any others that are tagged with Infowars or Alex Jones, if that was the thing that was doing it or exactly what tagged it over there
Yeah, we'd have to see if any other videos
Thanks for pointing that out, we'll take a look at that
Yeah, we'll definitely take a look at that because we'd have to look at more entries
It may not have just been yours if that was indeed the case, but we'll look into that
Thank you for your call
It might have been something as innocent as that and the fact that so many of the videos that Alex has done about this bombing have gone viral
Oh yeah, recently
And so they look at a viral video and topics on it and then they find that relationship there
So that might have been the common thread, we'll have to take a look at that
Alright, thank you for your call, we'll move on to Dennis in London
Hi
Hi, go ahead
Yeah, I just wanted to say in the last few days there's been a lot of black helicopters in the skies above London
And
Anywhere in particular? Any location?
There was a Thatcher funeral
Oh yeah, that is correct
Yeah, there's been that as well, but I mean we've been seeing them for a long time now
Not just in the last few days, it's quite a common thing and people don't really talk about it, but it's happening a lot
And there's one thing I want to say, I don't know if you're aware of it, but on the White House website there's Obama put his birth certificate up there
Are you serious?
Can we pull that up right now?
Is that something new or is that the old photoshopped thing?
Yeah, that's the photoshopped thing
I think if you open it up in Adobe Illustrator you can see that it's made up of different layers
Right, right, yeah
Oh, so it's nothing recent, it's nothing recent is what you're saying
Well, I only found it out last week, but the thing is I went on that website and within an hour I had police knocking on my door
Really? Were they questioning you about that specifically?
No, they didn't, they were asking me about other stuff in the area, but it was really dodgy
It was one police officer by himself, he just kept staring really into my eyes and then he said he was going to knock on other doors in the building
But when I looked out my window he had left
Well, I tell you, you're talking about this in England, we had someone calling yesterday talking about changes that he's seeing in Canada
As I was driving last night I heard picked up here on the local radio station is a program from a guy that's out of Australia
And he was basically talking, they have something similar to the Utah Data Center
And he was talking about how they were keeping track and spying on citizens in Australia
And how many times they had set up patsies and done exactly the same sort of thing that we see done here by the FBI in the United States
Where they would go out and get a patsy and you would find that all these guys around him that were organizing this failed attempt
Were all government agents and they were planning it, they were funding it, they were training it
And they were putting the whole thing out and at the last minute they pull it in and make a big press event out of it and arrest the patsy
And he was saying that they're doing the same thing there, you know it's a global pattern and that's what we're talking about
And that's why we talk about things like the new world order and we see things that are being done like the UN arms trade treaty
I mean it is an agenda 21, these are things that are not just unique to the United States
They may be driven primarily by a lot of power brokers that are located primarily in the United States but these are global issues
Alright thank you for your call Dennis, now we're trying to talk specifically about the recent press conference
If you have another topic that's fine but try to keep your comment brief because we want to talk about the recent press conference
We'll move on to Brandon in Texas
Hey Jacari can you hear me? Yes I can
Okay yeah sorry this is not about the press conference but it is about what you guys are talking about
I met you and Katie, we all came down here to protest Piers Morgan and I want to give you some information that you didn't really talk about
Which was the Batman map about Sandy Hook
Okay go ahead
Okay now if you look at the whole thing have your listeners take a look at the map
Sir before you get into that have you seen our article on Infowars.com about the Batman maps?
Well you guys talk about the Sandy Hook which is fine, which is strike point one which it shows but all the symbolism on gossip
We're on strike point four which is the Patriot symbolism, the object of thirteen objects in a circle
Just like the George Washington flag you cross with the Delaware
Now that's strike point four, strike point two is the far right of the pyramid
Which was Alex going with Piers Morgan, they're going after the far right
Strike point three was the head of the snake, we had the FPS Russia guy and other people getting whacked mysteriously
Now we're on strike point four which is the Patriots
Now we have strike point five which is the last one which is the capstone of the pyramid
Which could be the elite can orchestrate attack on themselves to victimize themselves
It's kind of hard to follow when we don't have a visual on it but you know what the best thing you can do
Just Google the Batman map, that's all you got to do
Yeah and it would be good if you got something to point out there
Do a video of it or an article and send that to show tips and we'd be happy to take a look at that
Alright thank you for your call Brandon, we'll move on now to Derek in Wisconsin
Hi how are you guys doing?
Very well
I just want to thank you guys for what you're all doing
Did you guys finish watching the CNN broadcast with Dan there?
Yes, yes you noticed the emotional as well
Did you see the two guys jump in front of him right away?
You know that's what I wanted to see because we were watching it on CNN and I was wondering if maybe there was another news network that had an angle
Because I could see somebody when the FBI guy was up, somebody walking behind him, looked like he was walking real fast
Yeah there were two guys that went up in front of him and then I finished watching it before they cut it out
And by the end of the feed Dan had like a group of reporters and cameras around him
And he was all yelling about that
Well I'm sure we have that recorded on various channels and we can set it up
We may not have it tonight for the nightly news but I'm sure by some time tomorrow we can get those clips together
Real quick question if I could
For an average person wanting to start out as far as doing what you guys are doing
It just seems like blogging and websites isn't enough
What do you guys suggest for the average person to do?
Well I'll tell you how I got turned on to this information was watching documentaries
Not necessarily Alex's documentaries but documentaries especially some of his older stuff
Because you talk about Alex Jones and they want to talk about you know the stuff he's talking about today
Well the FBI says it's these two guys and Alex Jones is saying hey look at these guys
Go back find some old school Alex Jones footage like there's a clip of Alex Jones I can't remember what movie it's in
But he's telling people back in the 90s that they're going to start putting microphones and cameras on streetlights
And people are like oh you're crazy Alex Jones and now that stuff's admitted
So I would go watch that old stuff so you can see how the things he actually talks about back in the day have actually come true
But are you asking how you could get involved in helping inform people is that what you're asking?
Well yeah because it seems like you can build a blog and website but it just doesn't seem like enough
I mean anybody can redistribute information
Well that's true but I would take a look at some of the really gutsy stuff that Luke Rudowski's doing
I mean you know you're going to have to do something like that and get out there
But you know if you put yourself out there yeah if you sit in your basement and you write blogs and stuff that's really not going to do it
But if you get out there and get on to Texas and get a job with you guys
Well into the Paul Revere contest you may do just that but like David was saying
Things that we are changing, things that Project Veritas is doing those are great
You know out in the street reports you have to go out there that's what it is
I mean it's great to do your blog and your writing and all that stuff
But even we like to be out in the streets more but we have to run a show and we have to get all this other stuff together
Get out in the streets go out there and confront your city councilman, your mayor, your governor, your police chief
That's what it is and that's what's going to get you the hits
We definitely appreciate your call
We'll move on now to Jeff and is that Montreal?
Yes I'm in Montreal Canada thank you for taking my call gentlemen how are you guys?
Very well
Good it's so nice to meet you Mr. Jackson and Mr. Knight finally
I just wanted to make some remarks about the press conference if I could?
Sure go ahead
Did you notice the or some observation did you notice the first gentleman the first suspect is wearing a ball cap with a logo on it?
Yes he didn't look like just the way he was dressed he didn't look like the other guys we've been talking about but I didn't notice some similarities in that but go ahead
Tan pants but not tan shoes
Exactly so you know there's just that enough that they throw in there to throw you off
Conveniently they all were wearing ball caps so that's good I'm glad they got that together
But these have to be the quickest press conferences ever
Yes
Dan keeps shutting these guys down I love it
You know he hasn't called us yet we're kind of expecting a call from him and I think he's probably holding his own press conference it's probably going to last longer than the one the FBI
You guys definitely let us know if we can't get him on we'll try to get him on maybe the nightly news
Okay yeah but did you have any other comments on that Jeff?
Well I just think that it was incredibly obvious that the FBI special agent was extremely nervous you could tell by his voice
I would like to ask you a couple of questions why did they wait until 5pm to show the American public and the world that they have suspects these two suspects
You would think that they would just release that right away I mean get this out be on the lookout kind of stuff
And my second question is for you guys to answer perhaps is why is Israel sending in experts to help the Boston Police Department or the FBI
I was not aware of that
Did they announce that or was that something you saw somewhere else I didn't catch that in the press conference
I'm not aware of that
Jackson I read that on the internet today I believe it was on the extreme media you can look for yourselves Google Israel sending in experts to help the FBI
Just bizarre stuff I was wondering if you guys could check that out for us
Do you have any source CBS ABC anything in particular
Well I'm going to take a look here I've been posting this stuff on Facebook all day but let me take a look here
I can imagine they would justify that by saying that there's been so many civilian bombings in Israel these people have had some experience on it
But who knows about that but in terms of why they would wait until this point to put out that little information
I think it really goes back to the fact that they were originally scheduled to do this 24 hours ago
And it was after we picked up those pictures that they changed the schedule
And we started talking about those different pictures and to me it was
All he said in the press conference was we've got two pictures of individuals ignore everything else you've heard
And when Dan tried to ask him follow up questions on that he shut Dan down
Then shut the conference down
Shut the conference down because you can't shut Dan down
Yeah you can't shut Dan down
Well we'll definitely look into that Jeff thank you for your call
Alright now once again
Hey guys I just got to say I'm going to cover this on the nightly news
This is a desperate cover up
You're just putting rabbit trails out left and right
We've got the people
We've got the patsy the redneck they were going to burn
That they pulled the military up to grab out of the courthouse
We've got them with the Saudis everything they are shut down man
They are in disarray right now
So the good news is they're not blaming us right now for this
And again they just want to like keep throwing distractions out and say
Please don't look at any other photos that are out there i.e. coalwars.com
Janet Napolitano is in congress do not look at Drudge who's carrying our stuff
We are engaging the globalist at point mike range right now
Thank you Alex
Alright so Alex you're doing the show tonight correct?
Yeah yeah
Okay alright there you go Alex Jones 7pm central info wars nightly news
Alright we'll move on now to Adam in Florida
Hey good afternoon guys thank you for taking my call
Thank you
Couple comments I wanted to bring up
First of all I really appreciate what you guys are doing
I mean I know from personal experience just my group of people that I communicate with
I've turned on so many people to you guys and they thank me
You know and I'm like no thank these guys these guys are on the streets
You know they're putting in the hours and again I can't thank you enough for what you do
Oh thank you thank you
Just watch the senator questioning Napolitano
Hey guys keep going get Madondi on his car
Madondi
Okay alright
They have guys in front of him guys on him
Okay Adam just hang on we gotta get Dan and Madondi
Stay right there Adam tell us when you have Dan on the line
So we have Dan Madondi he was at the press conference if you didn't see him you definitely heard him
By the way the viewers we're overwhelmed we can't upload all this to YouTube
Listeners you clip all this out put the juicy clips on YouTube we'll put them on infowars.com
When everybody's help this is war room baby
Yep
Infowars is shutting their ass down
Alex Jones is very
Alright there's Dan Madondi alright Dan Dan Dan alright start at the beginning so you're sitting there and the press conference starts and then what happens?
I'm sitting here in the press conference I'm holding the photos and one of you I heard from the FBI agents
They said no photos
Then they come back right away and they're saying explain it
Dan I know you're excited but don't talk so loud it's over driving just relax and talk slowly
Hi I'm a little excited here I was sitting in my football pond here and gave me a bunch of spoon colored state by ten photos of the suspects basically
And one of the FBI agents quoted one of the guys he never knew what to think of photos because he was eyeing me the whole time I was here
So they come out right away they're doing all the photos except on the FBI's website
And when I jumped out to ask the questions of course you had to pull the press conference again because they could not answer the real truth
Okay Dan so you start asking your questions now were you surrounded were you mobbed by the FBI guys?
Oh yeah they come right up to me like a bunch of Gestapo's I tell them I'm not afraid of you criminals
So about how many
They think they could use a skilled toxic against us
Yeah Dan about how many people do you think there were that surrounded you?
I should say to everybody up in the front I mean you should never see it on the news I was just too excited at the time
And I'll just say it's crazy over here I mean we got cops steering us over here I got two guys that were running video cameras the whole time
Hopefully they make it safely out of Boston
Dan we had some reports that after the FBI spokesperson left that there were press gathered around you and interviewing you did you have some comments to give other people?
Oh absolutely I showed them the photographs and the notice right when I presented the photographs notice how the clown in the back of me put up his clipboard to block my photographs from the cameras
Really?
And they didn't want these photos to be shown they shut the entire press conference down because I revealed I exposed the truth and what's going on
Okay Dan can you think of anybody in particular did you notice any particular affiliate or anybody that you talked to
Devastating victory devastating everybody should join in with the next press conference all real media converge on Boston defeat the terrorist
Alright Alex so Dan did you notice anybody in particular that you gave an interview to any affiliate any local person?
I'm sorry repeat that question
Can you think of anybody in particular did you talk to CNN did you talk to Fox was there anybody in particular you talked to
I did that talk to everybody I mean I just brought in cameras and reporters though I mean I think the old hero just wouldn't say what kind to say
Okay so if you're out there and you're an info warrior especially if you're in the city of Boston watch your local news see if you can find those Dan Badandi clips and send them to us at showtips at info wars
And also I believe there's a we have a couple other ones but you can call in and call us and tell us about it 877-789 Alex
Hey Dan it was a Dan it's a little bit hard to hear you I just wanted to clarify this so you're saying that you had pictures printed out that we had and you were holding those up and they put clipboards up to cover that is that what you're saying
Absolutely there are 8 by 10 glassy photos you get the photos from CNN.com
We presented them and of course you know they called the press conference
Dan let me just stop you and repeat all this slowly because I understand you're under cell it's over driving they don't want the white redneck patsies they probably already executed out there
They don't want these Navy SEALs they are scared I'm telling you folks you get these articles out that are at info wars.com this is coffin nails to the tyranny go ahead Dan
If you notice on the tv Alex when I was doing this the looks on these criminal stations they jumped off that stage like oh my god we just got exposed to the world
Yeah that's exactly what they looked like
We at info wars.com we just nailed right through the heart of the new world order this week one day today man
That's all your work you've been doing Alex day and night you drove a stick through the heart of the new world order
Alright Dan that's some good reporting we're having a little bit of a difficulty hearing you so maybe we can get back in touch with you at a later date but definitely get us that footage
Alright let me get some better reception here
Oh Dan
Alright I'll probably reach back I got better reception over here
Okay he said he has better reception I think Alex is trying to talk to you
I'm on air now?
I can hear you Alex
Yeah I'm in here in the studio so listen this is so exciting folks we're actually engaging people Dan are you using hands free?
What did he say?
Don't sound like somebody is talking to him
Dan
Badandi are you on hands free?
Hello Dan
I don't think he can hear me I don't think it's pipe through
No he can't hear me either
Just tell him to get off hands free
I can't hear him Alex can we just call him back can we hang up and call him back
He's just
It sounded like somebody said something to him I wonder if somebody cut him off
Yeah alright so can we just call him back and we'll try to reestablish a connection there with Dan Badandi
No cut the fact that this is a devastating victory let me tell you dude they are scared
He said the police were like going you're going to be a good boy now aren't you
They didn't want to make a scene about arresting him but then point everybody at this
They're like please don't look at other photos we blew the kids up please we murdered people please don't look at it
I mean this is amazing
When you got the government saying please don't look here where do you look?
Right right back there
There's nobody buried in the backyard don't dig under the rose bushes
Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain
Exactly alright so we're trying to reestablish connection with Dan Badandi
In the meantime Adam in Florida continue your point
To again bring up a couple points Alex just touched on one of them but really what I want to get out
And again with the Napolitano don't look at anything but what I give you
Make sure it's filtered before you report on it
I mean anybody that knows anything about sociology I'm not a sociology major by any means
But at the same time I study people that's one of my head hobbies
Anybody that plays poker you know I mean you can just look at these people and tell
Their minds are going a mile a minute on how to keep everything down
They don't want any of this information leaking out
And again I can't congratulate you guys on what you're doing enough
Well thank you they don't want the public to question it
And they don't want a congressman to question this either
Thanks for your call we have to keep moving thank you for your call
We'll move on now to Marcus in Texas
Just you know sitting here listening to what's been going on
Originally my opinion was that not everything is a false flag
Maybe this one was real but just listening in the last few minutes
This is really starting to look real to me
I'm a doubter because I'm a little bit cautious
And I guess there's probably nothing wrong with that
My main reason to call in was to try to inject a little bit of humor
And make a comment about the gun reform defeat
And I'm looking at Yahoo News and it says
Obama chastises the Senate over failed gun reform amendment
If you scroll down to the near the bottom of the page
Just a second let me
There's another subtitle explore related content
And if you look you see in the center you see Obama and Joe Biden
Standing right beside him and no kidding
I swear one of Jeff Dunham's puppets is missing
He looks exactly like Walter
Okay thank you for your call we're almost to the end of our broadcast
So we're going to jump thank you for your call Marcus
We'll move on to Rob in Indiana
Okay I'm sorry Rob hang right there we have Dan Badani back
Dan go ahead
Hello Dan can you hear me I can't hear him
Hey Dan are you there?
Yeah
You're on the wrong line
I'm sorry this is Dan's wife?
Oh okay
Does he want to talk to us?
Yeah I can hear the ringtone
I can hear the ringtone in my piece thank you guys
Just let us know when you get Dan back is he ready to go?
Okay they're still trying to get him back
Okay Rob in Indiana I'm sorry go ahead
Rob?
I'd like to first of all say thank you for all the information you guys put out
I mean honestly a lot of people are so uninformed of what's going on
And a lot of it's crazy it's so crazy you can't even believe it
And that's half of my problem I try to talk to people
But the reason I'm calling is there's actually more similarities in the way these guys are dressed
Than you would think
I've looked at the pictures
Okay I'm sorry can you get to the chase we're going on time
Yeah yeah yeah yeah okay
When you look at the pictures of the potential seal gentlemen
They have khaki pants they're wearing black jackets
And one's actually wearing a black hat with a white mark on it
Now doesn't it seem obvious when you're trying to create a deception
That you would have more than one person dressed alike
Just so you can't pin it on anybody
Okay I'm sorry Rob we had to put you back on hold
We have Dan Badandi back on the scene Dan can you hear me?
Yeah I can hear you
Okay so it sounded like somebody was talking to you when we lost contact?
Yeah we were still getting bombarded by the press out here
I'm in my car right now
I got my buddies out here showing the photographs
It was like amazing again
They quickly avoided the question
The thing is if these things went through why would they dress and say hey we got proof it's not
If they choose to avoid it and give you dirty looks then they cancel the press conference
If a woman comes on stage it's over
It was like a couple minutes into the question and not even
They refused to answer my questions
Now did you see I didn't see on the stage was the governor or the mayor or anybody else you talked to there?
I didn't see the governor but the FBI director he was here he was actually charged anyway
There was a bunch of friends that were here
All the friends were here
Leaders whoever they are
And Dan they don't put all those people on the podium just to have them stand there
They're going to let some of those other people speak as well
That was the original plan so you did shut that press conference down
Yeah because he said oh here's Alex
Dan you have shut down all three press conferences now you've got to call Luke Rudowski we should link up with him
And like have 15 people in there next time
Because they're going to try to drag you out it doesn't matter
It just shows how it's one man
These people these crooks just run everything and no one resists them
One man Dan Badundi
One man Dan Badundi
I mean it's just like we're on them like stink on you know what
And it is on man I mean well done Lord Vader
Excellent excellent
So you said
Oh yeah this is going to be good
Man well battling the enemy hard
That's what it needs to be that guy called earlier and wanted to know how to get on there
Go to Boston right now if you're listening
Yes if you get out of your basement get away from your computer and go to Boston and start getting in the face of people and starting to ask people questions
By the way Infowars is getting double the traffic it's ever gotten
We broke the record a few days ago now it's double that
Right now smoke is coming out of it
The server is in fire
And Watson just went up with the deal of FBI ignores men with backpacks
But that's not even the issue
That's a great headline by Watson working around the clock it's like midnight where he's at
It's even worse than that
This is the FBI saying never mind all the real suspects
Because it's their people we have them
That is them panicking
And please media don't look at Infowars or Trudge whatever you do
Yeah it's like you tell the kids don't do that then they go and do it
But I mean if it was BS they would just say whatever this is what we think no it's like don't look there
And they're begging the media play all of us now we'll pat you on the head
That's right
Go for five more minutes with Badani take a break and restart recordings
You know just when we're live it's filling up the data thing
And if you guys can come back on if you want if the crew wants you can have a vote on it
If not seven o'clock central info is nightly news
Okay alright Dan we're going to wrap up with you then we'll try to give maybe Rob one minute
Five minutes he can have whatever he wants
Okay alright Dan just let's start from the beginning just tell us your whole story and your words
First of all the hotel is the Sheraton on Dalton Street in Boston
It's right next to the Hilton you can't miss it
Again I think it's 40 or whatever it's the Hilton right next to the Hilton is called the Sheraton Hotel on Dalton Street in Boston
And if you're wanting to get out here ask questions we need you
We're still at the hotel now we're outside the grounds here
And you know we're just like informing people as they're walking showing them the pictures
We have the videos rolling and if you want to start over we ask the questions
And they got ignored so I kept pushing the questions
They quickly jumped on stage the seven women canceled the press conference
All the men flew off the stage with their tails between their legs because they knew they were lags
And if you notice right
I'll state this in case you didn't hear me earlier
When the photos were given to me because my friend arrived late
The FBI agent scared at us okay I heard the FBI agent in the hall he said they got photographs
Because we were being watched the whole time
That's why when he first came out he right away he stated
Don't ignore photographs except for our FBI photographs on the website
Really? Yeah beware Dan is armed with photographs
I know this man has photographic evidence
He is in the info war
One of the main issues going on is high upstaging for all we know
He's putting a clipboard in my way so the cameras couldn't see my photographs
You said it was a reporter who put a clipboard in your way?
Yeah I don't know if he's a reporter or some agent or whatever
If we are a government agent or reporter or whatever
He's trying to block my pictures with the clipboard from all the cameras
He can succeed with that of course
Yeah okay
Alright so Dan
No you sound good I just want to hear your whole story from the beginning and the time we have
So the press conference begins and just tell us your view
Well the press conference begins again right away they have a stake
Don't pay attention to any other photos except for ours
Because God forbid you like to look for truth
Because they had seen the photos we had
Probably seen a stack of photos
We're the FBI whatever you do don't look at these other photos of our people with the bombs
Yep and we got bombarded by the press
I think it was foreign media there that were actually questioning
Taking video photos of our photos and wanted to hear everything we had to say
And they were very interested in that
Because then like dumbed down mainstream media
Foreigners love this stuff and they like to hear the truth
And of course there are a lot of info on the worldwide audience
And that's why we're number one in the world
Because we got a bunch of great people out there who search for the truth
And it's amazing we just suck a punch
We blasted the new world order right in the heart
Well they have a lot of influence on the mainstream media
Because the mainstream media wants access to them
They want to be called on when it's time to ask questions
So they're going to play nice
They're going to do whatever the FBI and the government tells them to do
And that's why the foreign press is interested in digging into this
And finding out what the truth is
And that's why we're interested
We're more interested in the truth than we are about position
By the way Dan you getting Infowars.com out on every network
I said double the traffic that was earlier the report
It's like 50 times the traffic
We're getting a million visitors every couple minutes right now
Are you serious?
No no no it's 100,000k new people every 60 seconds
Wow
This is probably like the number one website in the world
Just during this window
It is 100,000k new joining who's already on it
This isn't hits these are visitors every minute
Wow
We're watching the new world order burn down
Of course enemy starters choices are on their way
New American
One of the groups we have
We have a group here that joined me
And he was one of my camera guys
Let me see if that's yours
It's called the free American Patriots Movement
And his name is Nick Marshall
Nick Marshall I should say
He was one of my camera guys
And he braised right through the storm
And I mean my other buddy Kevin LaPlate
Yeah I just want to give a shout out to them
Because they covered my butt right now
They got little cameras all over me the whole time
And we were filming an event
Great
What's your point about that thing?
Is that your friend?
Before the event started
Officials came and said
We need to clear the room
We need to bag some belongings in the room
They're going to do a search of the room
So I had my camera crew
We do our cheers every which way the cameras are set up
This way because we know
Just in case it doesn't play enough of an honor
So we covered our butt
And one of the military was trying to tell the odd guy
He used to shut the cameras off
And of course we did
And I asked him are you the army guy?
I said are you doing a security check?
He said yes I am
And I asked him are you a posse comitatus?
He said no I didn't
About a year in the military you should know the constitution
He's never heard of posse comitatus
Yeah we
I experienced that when I went out to the Formula 1 racetrack
Okay Dan we're not going to wear you out
I'm pretty sure they want you for the info wars nightly news
Absolutely
So maybe if you can get close to a Skype or something like that
And you can talk to Alex a little bit later on
But that's Dan Badandi on the scene in Boston
And one more thing before you go
I just want to state
I read some articles lately
And there's articles stating forever
No matter what mainstream media could never again ignore false flags
And they also could never again rule out a government as a possible suspect
We have dented this into the minds and hearts of American people
And the truth again
The truth will never be held back
The truth will always be revealed
Great job Dan
And if we can stop that technique of false flags
You've saved a lot of lives
Thank you
And you know thanks to all you guys for getting these pictures out
And you know we're all a team here
It's all you know
The criticals to every one of us especially Alex
Who's working in the sleep right here
And Alex is amazing
So my hats off to you all you guys
Great job Dan
Alright Dan we'll talk to you soon
God bless you
Alright there goes Dan Badandi
Let's go ahead and finish up with Rob in Indiana
Sorry for the long wait
But go ahead with your point Rob
Hey that was awesome actually how about that
Actually I would like to say one thing
If you can hear me I'd like to tell you thank you
For all the information that you're putting out
It really does make a difference
So if that means anything to you
That's just a true honest thank you
The other thing is
I'll get back to my point
When I make this really quick and I'll be on
Is there is a lot of similarities between
What those two gentlemen were wearing
They both had khaki pants
They both had black jackets
One had a black hat with a white emblem on it
The other one had a black hat with a white emblem on it
They both carried backpacks
I don't know
Maybe I'm wrong
Maybe I'm overseeing too much in this
But it sure sounds like that this is
They're trying to create a diversion
That's all
And then I'll finish up with this
I'll say it's a dang shame
That we've become what we fought to get away from
That's all I got to say
That is always the challenge
That you don't become the monsters that you fight
Exactly
Alright guys
I know we wanted to call it at five
But Alex says we are now the number one
News site in the world or close to it
Can we do 5.30?
I don't want to go all the way to seven
But can we do 5.30?
We'll go to 5.30
We'll go continue with the calls
Diane in Louisiana
You are on the air
Hi David
There was a caller earlier
Who mentioned he was from Louisiana
And was talking about the black helicopters
Yes
Well the night Alex Jones was on Coast to Coast
I pulled up an article
Ran by accident
They are having drills
They are scheduled for New Orleans
They didn't give a date
But they are letting the residents know
That there will be some drills in New Orleans
So I'm thinking
For Alex to get in touch with his friend Charles
Now do you know anything specific about the drills?
No I don't
But you can pick it up at www.wrno.com
WRNO?
We can look that up right now guys?
Local TV or radio station
Right it's for the local news
And it was headline
They didn't go into a whole lot of details
But they was letting the residents know
That they will be doing drills in New Orleans
But they did not give a date as to when
Okay
Well hopefully they won't be going door to door
That's probably why he's in the black helicopters
Yeah I'm with David
I hope they don't go door to door
Thank you for your call
The number to call in is 877-789
Alex that is 877-789-2539
We're only going to 530 Central Time
It's about 510 right now
So we'll try to blaze through these calls
Let's go to Steve in Florida
Yeah hey good afternoon
Couple things I want to cover real quick
In relation to this so called news conference
That I picked up on watching it
First of all the appearance of the arrogance
Of the FBI spokesman
I mean he had it written all over his face
And did you notice the Freudian flipped the tongue
Where he was referring to the victims
And talking about their investigation
They have all they need
They deserve nothing more
And then he switched to I mean nothing less
I believe that was done on purpose
And I also wanted to say that
You know to me this whole news conference
Was about one thing
It wasn't about them saying we're investigating
This was a direct shot at Alex Jones
At infowars.com
Because you notice as soon as Badandi
Mentioned infowars
They immediately shut them down
The thing about we're not going to have anybody
Nobody should look at any other photos
Why?
Because yesterday everything else had out
About the photos of the fields
Etcetera
I really believe that's the main reason
They put this out
And finally I just wanted to say
You know what you guys have been doing
There with Infowars
I would relate that to carpet bombing
In a war
You've gone to Smart Bomb
And here you've got precision hit
By Dan the Bomb D
And his Smart Bomb approach
And I want to say that
What we ought to do is title
What the New World Order is doing
In relation to what happened Monday
The Obama Marathon
The New World Order race for the curse
Yes
Not for the cure but for the curse
Alright thank you for your call
The phone lines are lighting up
So let's move quick
We have Jim in Georgia
Yes sir
Yes go ahead sir
Much love to you guys
Thank you so much for your work
And I don't care if anybody wants to hear thank you or not
I'm going to tell you
All of you
Thank you
Alright thank you
So I ran into Alex years ago
About 6 years ago I finally got the courage
To look into my questions
About 9-11
And I read across depleted uranium
If people don't have the courage to look it up
I mean I don't know what to say for them
But anyhow
The truth is
The best news source I've ever gotten
Is Infowars.com
Well thank you
Definitely hands down
Now here's the thing
The FBI
Trying to take control of the narrative
Look all you have to do is call them
And yell at them
Tell them what are you doing
Trying to control the narrative
And try to tell me
That my eyes
See I am the real homeland security
So are you
And so is everybody else out there
They don't control anything
And I'm so sick
Of them trying to control the narrative
This is bull crap
We can solve this
And not just the FBI and Napolitano saying
We'll tell you what to believe
We'll tell you when you have credible information
And she's telling that to the Congressman
What it reminds me of is what they do
When there's a disaster
And FEMA comes in and basically
Creates this incredible bottleneck
And shuts down all efforts to aid people
Because they don't allow
Any local help to happen
And it's real interesting
When I've seen disasters
If it's large scale they bring in FEMA
And it basically shuts everything down
But a smaller scale disaster
People chip in
Local police will keep people away
From down power lines
And then churches and businesses
Will distribute food and clothing
To each other
Things work when they don't get in the way
They're trying to break the normal human instinct
To work together
That's why you turn in MSNBC
It's all race, religion, fight with each other
Because they're globalists
Waging war on humans
You can see it right there
And again
Because I'm going to be able to go on there and tape
And also if you guys want to do the nightly news tonight and live
I did the interview with a guy
They took his guns up my temple
And I was going to do some of the show live
I'll be honest with you
I finally got some sleep last night
I'm a little bit tired
This all just needs to keep getting covered
This crew is about to fall over
But I'm telling you
We could just go over there
And when we're ready punch up maybe at six
And then play the clips of Badandi and all this
Look at the evidence of their control over mainstream media
That there's only Drudge
And that's getting brought up in Congress now
And there's us
And no one else is even there to let go
Who are all these other people with backpacks all around
I was looking at Navy Seal photos
I kept saying like 20 yards
It's more like 15 feet from the bomb
From the spot
I mean they're right there
And they're looking at where the guy's at
I mean they did this
And of course they don't want to be seen
They want to kill that little eight year old kid
And you know what you want to show me that kid
Make me be emotional
So I give my rights up to you when I am emotional
You murderers
They're all in on it man
You watch this I say oh maybe they don't know
No they're in on it
They're all in on it
A bunch of killers man
And you know what
There's still men left in the world you bastards
What do you want to say to them
They're watching right now
What do you want to say to both of you
I mean the people that killed those people
It's none of them a few dead collateral damage
You know we're not humans
They're watching right now
What you said is exactly right
We need to be concerned about the loss of life
And you know one of the things
I think Dan getting in their face
And getting this false flag stuff out there
I believe that they have repeatedly
And all of us here we've looked at 9-11
And these other events
We believe that they've repeatedly staged
And we've got to stop that tactic from working
And the way you do that is get the information out there
And tell people what they're doing
And people should get angry about this
Because like Alex said
We want to follow this trail to wherever the murderers are
Exactly
Because there are some horrible people out there
And we need to find out who these people really are
And it reminds me
I've been talking about this lately
When Alex did an interview with Billy Corgan
Of Smashing Pumpkins
Billy said Alex you guys are great at information
And dates and numbers
But the thing you don't really connect with people with
Is an emotion
And we talk about the moms demand action and all this
And they're not going so much off in numbers
They're going over emotion
Where was I when I heard the Sandy Hook kids got killed
I was driving to my grandma's house
So I was making a sandwich for my husband
Or whatever the case may be
And they drive off of emotion
And that's not a bad thing
But I mean you have to have it focused in the right direction
When I see not just the kids killed at Sandy Hook
But when I see the people who died in this latest Boston bombing
And we say the number is relatively small
Which it is relatively small, three people
But those were three people whose lives have been lost
And people whose lives have been changed
Because they've been injured
Physically, emotionally, spiritually
Go back to September 11th
The event that they used to fundamentally alter society
In our country
And think about the fact that they shut down the crime scene
That they shipped this evidence abroad
As we mentioned earlier tonight
That they obstructed justice
That they have shut this down
Why aren't people more upset about that
Look at all the people that died
And look at how the government is setting on the evidence
Obstructing the evidence
Hiding and destroying the evidence
Why aren't people mad about that
Why aren't they pursuing the truth
They call us truthers
It's the opposite of a truther, it's a liar
Why aren't they upset with liars
Why are they upset with truthers
Do we have that I'm as mad as hell clip
Do we have that
Okay, well we'll have to get that at some point
Maybe I have the movie, I might go home and get it
Alright, thank you for your call
Jim and Georgia, we're going to move quick
We only have about 10 minutes or so left
Let's go to Andrew in Illinois
It's more looking about Sandy Hook
Hold on, hold on, hold on
I'm sorry
Let's get Leeann McAdoo in here, Leeann come on
No Leeann, you get in here and make your point
Gray backpack folks, she's right, it's not black, it's gray
Go ahead and tell people
It's a gray backpack, right?
I mean, can we see the footage?
No, no, you're right, I saw it
The guy's got a gray backpack, those were black backpacks
So this rabbit trail doesn't even fit the script
Do we have some new information there?
No, no, no
No, this is war room
Hey, want to get a seat and come in here and there?
No, no, hold on, I'm going to say this
Because I've been telling her this all week
And David, you can attest to this
I told Leeann, if you don't come in here
And just briefly do just a quick report
Or just say something
Alex Jones is going to find you in the hall
Drag you in here and make you get on
I've been saying that all week
Hold on, let's get her a chair
See, now you're in it
Leeann McAdoo, one of our new reporters here in the info war
She will be joining us for the next 10 minutes
Call in and have a question for Leeann ready
All right, so we'll move on now to Andrew in Illinois
Do you have a question for Leeann?
No, I don't, I just had a comment to check out
That they were set up for the Sandy Hook
A half hour before the shooting they had refreshments
The federal people are already at the firehouse
There's a tape on YouTube showing us
I thought you'd like to know that
I'm sorry, did you get set, Jacari?
No, I'm sorry, we had a little technical difficulty
Can you repeat?
Yeah, they were supposedly set up a half hour before the shooting
Hold on, we got double plugs here
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, Andrew, we're going to put you on hold
We have like 10 people talking in here at the same time
Yeah, hang on just one second
Doesn't matter, it's live
This is live and we're getting Leeann hooked up here
So she can hear your comments as well
So she can comment
Right now she doesn't have any way to hear you
Okay, so we're working through some technical difficulties
And then we're going to get you to go back over what you just told us again
We wanted to hear what you had to say
Yeah, this is important because when she said it, it clicked
The backpack's grey, it's not black
Explain, you got audio now?
Okay, can somebody help her with her earpiece, it's all sticking out
She's got audio now, you're good
Okay, alright, we'll go back to Andrew in a second
But first, Leeann, make your point about the backpack
So I was looking, they're playing the footage over and over and over again
And it just struck me that the backpack, it's grey
It doesn't match all of the photos of the backpacks they've been showing that are black
And they have just one grey stripe
This is a grey backpack
You can see it right there if you're watching on Infowars.com
They keep showing these backpacks that are black or dark colored
Yeah, and then not only that, but they say they have footage of him setting the backpack down
Well, I already thought that, plus the black backpack's not big enough for a pressure cooker
This is a total rabbit trail
Yeah, and it doesn't even look like it has anything in the backpack
And he's kind of swinging it around
I mean, if you had a bomb in your backpack, you'd probably have the straps on
You wouldn't just be...
Nonchalantly just like you didn't have a bomb in your backpack
Great point
Okay, now we'll go back to Andrew in Illinois and then try to get through the rest of these calls
Andrew, go ahead
Okay, I just want to make a mention of YouTube that's out there now
It's titled Sandy Hook Conspiracy from Live Drill, Live Oaks
It shows pictures of them being set up a half hour before the event
Who being set up?
With the refreshments and the feds were there already
This guy witnessed it
You can find it, look it up that way
It's a four minute video
Can you give us the title again?
Yes, Sandy Hook Conspiracy from Live Drill to Live Oaks
Sandy Hook, only known eyewitness account
Okay, we'll look at that
We're looking through some other things
But we'll definitely try to take a look at that
Also check out the Iroquois Gas Company buying up the land
All around there as of 2009
The researcher found several of their homes vacant
They were listed as witness homes
Okay
We lost audio
I'm sorry Andrew
Okay, thank you for your call
Thank you
Okay, thank you
Alright, we'll move on now to Dave in Colorado
Hello
Yes, go ahead
Yes, I was watching that newscast that reminded me of that
Police Captain Vance from Sandy Hook
Where no information should be taken unless it's from this official outlet
Whatever it was
Absolutely, good point
I know you guys have gotten tons of pictures
But the SEALs or the security team
If you go to cryptone.org
C-R-Y-P-T-O-M-E.org
Go to the Boston blast
And bomb blast
And you scroll down about 21 pictures from there
You'll see them all gathered around an SUV
With all sorts of high tech antennas
I know you have a lot of calls coming in
I just wanted to get that in
Okay, thank you sir
We'll try to check that out
Yeah, it's all about sharing information
We all need to get anything you see
You need to let us know about it
Let other people know about it
Yeah, and we do take these calls seriously
The guy getting his papers checked
That was a caller who called in on the radio show
So we do get to those when we can
Thank you for your call sir
We'll move on now to Sam in California
How's it going fellas?
Very well
What bothers me here is a little bit of what we're not talking about
The FBI gets up there and shows us two pictures of guys
They need us to find
I mean, they've got all that money
They have facial rec, they have fusion centers
They've got DMV and passport photos
They've got cell tracking
They've got satellite tracking
You're telling me they couldn't go back in real time to the satellite
And follow these guys to their front door?
Yeah, that's what I was thinking
Because when the guy asked, he said
What happened after the bombs went off?
He said, we saw them walk down the street
And we never saw them again
I thought that was very suspicious
Especially for somebody who has the resources of the FBI
Yeah, did they wait this long to tell us that
And then they don't really know where these guys went
And their footage
So maybe a couple minutes, did they have enough time to get away from them
Before the bombs went off
If they saw them put packages down
And they didn't show any pictures of them putting the backpacks down
Exactly
But honestly, even if there was cloud cover
And the satellites weren't an option
We could upload their pictures to Facebook
And probably facial rec them in under two minutes
With social media
It's such a con and nonsense
It's exasperating
They want you to be involved
It's like, you know, when you're a little kid
And your dad's like, here, come push the lawnmower
And you can't even push it, he has to push it for you
Well didn't he say, you're our eyes and ears
But then he doesn't want us to look at anything else
Right
If they really need our help that bad
We needed to fund them completely
Now we just do the job ourselves
And the other thing I wanted to say
The guy in the picture yesterday with the blue jacket and the red shirt on
He was blatantly the patsy that was setting up to be the NRA guy with the ammo
But if you look at the guy's face
There's a documentary called The Devil's Breath about Scoponi
The guy looked like a Scoponi victim
And it's actually the perfect drug for creating patsies
I'm sure they've got a hybridized, weaponized version of it
That's even more efficient
But if you go watch the documentary
It explains to every patsy that's ever committed
A shooting or a bombing or any nonsense
That's been a false flag attempt
This Scoponi is the perfect drug for that
Okay, thank you for your call, sir
We'll look into that
But we have to keep moving
Only about five minutes left
Do you have a comment, David?
I was just going to say, yeah, that drug is something that can basically blow into your face
And you'll follow any suggestion that anybody tells you
It's pretty amazing, actually
Okay, we have about six or seven calls left
Make your point very quickly
We'll go to Toni in Arizona
Hi, I just have a comment
On the FBI pictures of the backpacks that were exploded
They have those gray stripes on the straps
The shoulder straps
And that's exactly what we're going to do
We're going to take a look
We're going to take a look
We're going to take a look
They have those shoulder straps
And that's exactly like the pappy guy with the blue shirt
And he's also holding that very low
So that it wouldn't be really seen in pictures
And that it's heavy
He needed two hands to hold that up
So I don't know
To me, that one, those gray stripes just match exactly to the exploded pictures
That's what you were saying?
Okay, thank you
Well, we have to keep moving, we only have about four minutes left less than that.
Julie in California.
Hi, yeah.
You know, I just want to let you guys know, I mean, last, probably last two or three nights,
we've had, you know, the helicopters flying all over the night, and I mean, and I know
they're military helicopters, I know the difference between, you know, the regular LAPD helicopters
and whatnot, and they're flying all overnight, and I noticed the last three or four days,
we've had nothing but police presence all around town.
I mean, you can't go on a street and there is not a cop.
What town are you in?
I mean, it's all over, it's creepy almost.
Are you saying you're in LA?
Yeah, I'm in Los Angeles, I'm in Northridge, but I'm in LA City proper, and I mean, it's
all over.
I mean, you hear the choppers at night, you know they're military, you know they're not
just LAPD helicopters, and, you know, you see the cops on the street, I mean, you know.
Yes, miss, the thing to do about that is just grab your camera, grab your camera, go outside
and film it cuz Joe Biden and these other people are saying that's not happening.
So prove them wrong, film it and put it on YouTube, we have to move quick.
Oh, great, because I got- Jason, I'm sorry, miss, Jason in Tennessee,
go ahead.
How's it going, guys?
Good.
I'll be real quick, I just wanted to make a comment.
I was actually monitoring Hannity's show to see what they were having to say about everything
when the news conference came on, and he said they're gonna cover this thing in its entirety
with no commercial breaks.
And as soon as I started hearing Dan behind these seats, they came right back about a
minute later, and then I heard them talking again, they cut away, and for the rest of
the time, there was nothing there but commercials.
Awesome, somebody put that on YouTube right now, thank you for your call, so we have to
move quick.
Chris in Connecticut.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
Yes, you have about one minute.
Yes, sir, I got two things to say really quick.
One is that I saw this uploaded video online, and it showed really graphic, it showed there
is some gore on the aftermath of the Boston Marathon bombing.
And as soon as one of the- 30 seconds, go ahead.
One of the officers had walked by, and the gore was completely gone, covering some kind
of a metal object.
And secondly, I just saw 104.1 post up, and they were saying, this is a mainstream new
media broadcast, and they were saying, anybody that knows the pictures of these updated FBI
release photos, you could know somebody who knows somebody who knows somebody, is just
trying to cause social chaos.
Anybody can point the finger at anybody, so who's the terrorist?
Anybody could be a terrorist, a look-alike could be a terrorist, so they're just trying
to cause division through the nation.
And fear, they're trying to create a climate of fear so they can push through their agenda
that is supposed to come after this.
We have 10 seconds, thank you everybody for watching the Alex Jones Radio Show, this extended
edition.
Tonight, Info Wars Nightly News with Alex Jones, 7 o'clock Central, maybe a little bit
later, he likes to run a little late.
But check that out tonight, and we'll see you then.
