Big Brother, Mainstream Media, Government Cover-Ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Ladies and gentlemen, it is Friday, April 26, 2013. And I'm your host, Alex Jones. And
this is what it sounds like when I actually have a radio microphone in front of me. Most
talk show hosts get a big, fancy microphone and they get right up on it and then they
tweak it and tune it and put all these different effects on it to make their voice sound big.
I do the opposite. Why? I don't know. But there are no effects on this microphone. This
is just my voice. And yes, I'm bragging right now about my voice. And I'm sorry, ladies,
when I'm taken, okay? I'm just acting stupid, folks. I'm joking. I'm sorry. That's what
it sounds like because I come on and then my voice sounds so big that I feel guilty
like I'm an egomaniac. I'm actually a Liberty maniac, ladies and gentlemen. And I'm not
operating on a lot of sleep last night. I was up late here at the hotel with George
W. Bush, Dick Cheney, the heads of Hunt Oil, and Joseph Curl of the Washington Times and
drugsreport.com. And I'm not kidding. That's who I was hanging out with last night in a
very, very bizarre turn of events. So here we are. I am at a hotel in Dallas, Texas.
And George W. Bush is sitting on my lap. No, no. That part's a joke. My mother always liked
this hotel. I'm not going to say what hotel because obviously we're incognito. But I'm
up here in Dallas driving through a visiting family because I'm from Dallas. And then I'm
going to go with my children and family and parents to another location in Texas. Why
lie? Arkansas. So I'm taking a few days, just an extension of Texas or an extension of Arkansas.
And so I come in the hotel and there's ambulances parked out front and there's Secret Service
running around. And I guess they've got like four presidents right now. What is it? Clinton,
Obama. You've got Bush, Sr., Bush, Jr. So that's four. Were there others? And so they're
here for the opening of the Presidential Library. And then this is where some of them are staying.
I know Bush lives in Dallas. But I'll tell the story later, obviously, ladies and gentlemen,
of Carol and I trying to crash the private Bush-Cheney party. And I'm not joking. I actually
didn't hang out with them last night. But the cops then said, the cops recognized me
definitely and were like, okay, no, you're not on the list. And then the police officer
went on to say, what's the big joke here? And I said, it's not a joke. I mean, we see
the Secret Service and Dick Cheney's ambulance that follows him around. And so we want to
know, are they really here? And then later I noticed that they, oh, actually, Richard,
it's laying over there by that lamp bud. And then go get yourself some lunch. Good job
hooking up all this equipment. Richard Reeves on the road with us here, because even when
I go on vacation for two or three days, I work. Over there is that list that I found
in the bar. Yeah, bring that to me. I don't want to show the whole list because it'll
say where we're at. Thank you. But here in my little hand is the list of who was at the
private party last night. Carl Roe, along with Mr. Ray Hunt of Hunt Oil, will be throwing
an event after the rest of the Bush Library dedication events. This has been described
as our personal event and reunion for most of the people attending, attendees, our friends
of former staff associated with George W. Bush administration. And again, Carl was here
to cover it. He has an article up at drugsreport.com about Bush, the Washington Times writer. He
was here to cover it. And we ran into each other in the bar. And I said, no, Bush and
Cheney and all of them are upstairs. He goes, well, the big party, I was invited to that.
He said, but that's at this other hotel. And I said, look, they're up there. And sure enough,
they were. So just crazy. We've got all the big bullet news, the latest bombing news.
It's all coming out that it was clearly a provocative action, at least setting up real
terrorists a lot of attack bare minimum. And just a bunch of other news. It's all off the
chart today. And we're on the road and with health threats on the rise such as West Nile
virus, MRSA, C.R.E. and now the new bird flu recently discovered in China. There has never
been a more crucial time to support your immune system. Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary
new silver solution that is clinically shown to be several hundred times more effective
than colloidal or ionic silver and is powerful enough to help protect you and your family.
Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, highly effective and perfect for everyday
use inside the body as well as out. The Science Digest Journal says silver is our mightiest
germ fighter. It is virtually non-toxic and is emerging as a wonder of modern medicine.
Supernatural Silver is the number one choice of thousands for improved health and immune
system support. To find out how Supernatural Silver can change your life, go to SupernaturalSilver.com
and use the promo code SPRING2013 for 20% off and like us on Facebook.
You may be arrested and or subject to other police action.
Tyranny is here. The grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality.
It really says that the state is God.
The United States is now recognized globally as one of the most impressive police states
on earth. This film conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps
now being expanded nationwide. This documentary exposes how the continuity of government program
has established an all powerful shadow state. Police state four chronicles the sickening
depths to which our republic has fallen. Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency
dictatorship, body scammers, sound cameras, citizen spies, stage terror and cameras on
every street corner. It's only the beginning of the New World Order's hellish plan. The
police state isn't coming. It's here. Secure your copy today at info wars.com or see it
online in the highest quality at prisonplanet.tv. Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration
in one system portable on the go. No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce
sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95 percent
of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white
ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals
all in one filter element. It is the only one that does it and out of the gates. We
have it discounted at 10 percent off with promo code water. This is the only system
that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine,
hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter
brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with a new Pro One filter today
at info wars.com or by calling 888-253-3139. We now take you live to the Central Texas
Command Center in the heart of the resistance. You're listening to the Alex Jones Show. Ladies
and gentlemen, thank you so much for joining us on this Friday, April 26, 2013 worldwide
broadcast. I come to you from my hometown of Dallas, Texas, here at the same hotel where
Dick Cheney and other people are staying. I'm going to run into them last night. I'll
tell you that story coming up later. Ran into one of the reporters for the Drudge Report
as well. We tried to crash the party and I'm not kidding, I'm actually going to tell you
that story coming up. Wow, here it is. You know, they said this a week ago, but now they're
in the US. Parents deny son's guilt and accuse US of plot. No, no, actually they're still
in Russia saying that yesterday. Now they're coming. This is in the New York Times and
they go on to say the intelligence services have been on them for five years and had set
them up and recruited them somehow. And that is exactly what they do in false flags. So
there is the New York Times with that piece of news. We're going to be getting into that
more today. Congressman Ron Paul is scheduled to join us at the start of the next hour.
And then we are also going to be getting Sebelle Edmonds on the broadcast. She was an FBI translator
and witnessed them in the 9-11 stand down and running Al Qaeda. That's on record. She
had to break a federal gag order to bring that information out to you. And people say,
well, if stuff like this happened, you know, the government was involved in terror attacks,
we would know someone would talk. A lot of people did talk. And then they spin it and
say, Chris Matthews says, Alex Jones says George W. Bush had like Wile E. Coyote, this
is exact words, with a plunger detonating it. I'm not saying that George W. Bush even
probably knew what was going on because I later talked to somebody who was with him
in the bunker with another one of the Bushes that night after it happened when he was basically
scurrying around scared. I mean, not so much scared, but I mean, either that or he's a
great actor, which I don't think George W. Bush is. But the people behind him, the globalists
that control presidents, control societies, they created Al Qaeda, they run Al Qaeda,
and they are using the threat of Al Qaeda to basically take over our society and make
everyone a suspect.
There's an article up at Infowars.com where a new FBI manual flyer says anyone taking
pictures period or video anywhere is a suspected terrorist, put them in a terrorist database.
And that's why the cops come up to you and arrest you now if you're videotaping the Eiffel
Tower in Paris, or if you're videotaping the Washington Monument. I've actually had the
police come over, we have this on tape, put it on the web, you've seen it, and say, what
are you doing?
And we're like, well, we're getting video of the Washington Monument. Why? Well, I don't
have to answer your questions in America, but it's for my TV show. Do you have a permit
for that? And I was actually sitting there with a C-Think film crew for the Independent
Film Channel, and they looked at the cop and they go, DC doesn't give permits because you
don't need a permit to be in a public place or on the street with a camera.
You need a permit if you're gonna block a street. And the cop said, hey, I'm gonna arrest
you if you don't leave. And so in America, we left just because we were there to get
a job done and weren't there to fight for the First Amendment that day, but maybe we
should have gotten arrested.
Maybe we need to stop giving in every time we get pushed around. My point is it's about
making us the suspects, but the novel idea of could it be the government or could it
be elements in the government or could it be defense contractors that wanna sell trillions
of dollars of more stuff and who wanna make America the war zone and get paid $10 billion
per company per year to spy on our email and spy on what we're saying.
This is all admitted now. Everything we talked about for so long is now admitted. And so
now I'm telling you what's coming next. Now I'm telling you what's coming next. Now again,
fighting shotgun with us today are Ja'Carri Jackson and the other InfoWars Nightly News
reporter, one of the other reporters, David Knight.
And again, our Skype is a little bit catchy today. So I wanna ask the network, every time
my Skype cuts out and you go to backup Skype, will you give me a Roger Roger Houston that
I'm on the air? Okay, Roger Roger, that's great. Cuz when I see my screen go black,
and you guys are reconnecting, what'd you go to backup Skype there? Well done, Houston.
They're actually in Austin, but Houston is close enough. And again, I'm here in Dallas
orbiting around Dick Cheney right now, who is somewhere in the building. I can't make
up the weirdness of all this.
Is it synchronicity or serendipity that I ran into Dick Cheney and George Bush here
in Dallas? Or no, it'd be like I ran into the Super Bowl. What do you know? I came to
this town, the Super Bowl's happening there this weekend. No, the presidential library
is being opened, and so that's why this happened. And I didn't even think of this. By the way,
I was on my way yesterday, on my way driving up here, and right off I-35 is the town of
West where that fertilizer plant blew up.
So we thought, hey, let's pull over at the check shop, a place that has hot sandwiches.
That's a Texas tradition. And about three blocks away is where the fertilizer plant
blew up. So I said, let's drive by it. Well, we go driving by it on a city street, and
the state police were even stopping firemen and stuff that were there for the funeral
that had just ended.
And there were helicopters flying above. I was told Obama had been there, but he was
gone. And the state police came over with such pleasure and said, what do you think
you're doing here? And we said, well, we're just driving by to see what's going on. And
he goes, we can't go that way. And I go, okay, well, where do we turn around? He goes, well,
you can't turn around. They start smiling at us.
So I jump up, because Richard was driving, and peer out of the bus. And I said, oh, so
I'm an American scum. You're enjoying watching me squirm. Well, I shot video of it. You basically
have seen it. And people are like, Alex is a real wimp. He drove all the way up to West.
And then when they told him to leave, he did. No, no, no, no, no. I am a wimp, but not in
the way you think I am. I'm actually pretty tough.
All right, I'm being sarcastic, folks. Not a lot of sleep. I apologize. The point is
is that we were driving by and just thought we'd do a report for you. So it was kind of
a drive by, a literal drive by media. But it just illustrates that then his commander,
his superior comes over and goes, yeah, you can turn around right there. And the other
guy was starting to get mad, like he was going to do something to us, because we're totally
polite.
We're like, no, we're just driving by. He goes, well, why do you think you're going
to do that? Well, we're just, okay, we're just going to turn up there. No, you can't
do that. Okay, where can we turn around? Well, you can't turn around. And then smiling at
us. I mean, this is the essence of government. It's like a kid using a magnifying glass to
burn ants or something or pull the wings off a butterfly, as Bradley Manning said about
what the US military does overseas.
I mean, someday it'll be like total Skynet robots, bombing and destroying and killing
everybody in third world countries. I guess it's already happening. And then occasionally
there'll be a bomb go off and they'll hype it up, like the nation just defeated some
incredible threat. So we have the perception that there was some type of external thing
going on and that we're not really the big empire taking over the world.
And my biggest issue with the empire is not only is it immoral, but this giant mega empire
that we're seeing unfold here, this giant mega empire, we're paying for it. And it's
treating us just like it treats the other people that it's enslaving and destroying.
This is not even an American empire. This is not an empire spreading liberty and freedom
and the Bill of Rights and the Constitution like the CIA says. We overthrow countries
to spread democracy. No, you put dictators and Al-Qaeda in and now you run Al-Qaeda publicly
in Libya and Syria and all over the place.
And then lecture me how I'm un-American to point out the global crime syndicate illegal
mafia is sitting here now declaring that I'm the enemy as well. I mean, it's asinine. Meanwhile,
big sis says Homeland is using 1000 more rounds per person than the army. But she denies the
ammunition purchases are aimed at civilians.
Even though this military government and that's what it is, is training to fight the American
people and all their manuals and all their drills. You have enough ammo now to fight
a 35 year war was a 27 year war in Iraq. It's now a 35 year war. They've gotten over a billion
delivered. There's over a billion more that are on backorder that they they're gonna go
over the next few years.
And then they have these headlines everywhere. Alex Jones discredited. Alex Jones gets his
day in Congress. Congress takes up the conspiracy theory. Drudge Report takes up the conspiracy
theory, the debunk theory about bullets. And then you read about the bullets and they say,
yes, we bought two plus billion bullets and it's discredited that you said we did.
I mean, I'm actually reading mainstream news going the discredited bullet story. They're
now having congressional hearings. Let's cut to that clip. And then she says, well, we've
bought them to save money, but it's not aimed at the American people. And you know, the
hollow points are illegal under the Geneva Convention.
They are for target practice. When anyone knows you don't use hollow points that sometimes
cost three to four to five times, they always cost more, usually about double for the cheaper
brands than the ball target ammo. Any shooter knows that. And it's all the training and
the army manuals and the drills to acclimate us and what we just saw in Boston. And then
she's saying, but it's not for you. It's not for you. And then you get the manuals. It's
for conservatives, libertarians, returning veterans, gun owners, Ron Paul supporters,
you name it.
Now, again, riding shotgun today and they'll be popping in with news reports and the latest
breaking information, Arijakari Jackson and David Knight. And we're gonna be getting into
all of this information today. Ron Paul is coming up and a lot more. We're going to break
here in just about a minute and a half. But I want to throw it to the reporters there
to take us out to break.
Then I'll come back and get into the bullet story. Then we're gonna get into and I'm gonna
get their take on this, the latest on the Boston bombing where I should be tooting our
horn here. I should be recapping it. But you know, as listeners, I mean, you know, you
should be tooting your horn, not buying into it day one. But it's actually kind of sad
and sick that we're right again.
It's actually kind of sad and disgusting that it turned out to be a staged event. I mean,
any way you cut it, any way you slice it, any way you dice it, these guys had CIA wiring
up their snouts. I mean, they were absolute cutouts with the government obsessed with
them for years, like white on rice. And now it's just all out there in front of everyone.
Everything the parents said is now coming out. We'll be right back with Jacquari Jackson,
David Knight. I'm your host, Alex Jones. Stay with us.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system,
and you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection, when you're sleeping
or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out simply safe. It's a new
do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to get simply safe
calm. Simply Safe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power. So even if
the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable. So you can use it
in your home business boat trailer storage unit or shed get simply safe calm. Simply
Safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes. So there's no
need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take
the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home but simply safe will stand
guard protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's get
simply safe calm. hempusa.org has a revolutionary wonder food for detoxing the body and rebuilding
the immune system. micro plant powder can help unclog arteries and soften heart valves
while removing heavy metals, virus, fungus, bacteria and parasites. Plus it cleans and
purifies the blood, lungs, stomach and colon. Keep your body clean with micro plant powder.
Order today at 888-910-4367 or visit hempusa.org. Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered
why banks, stockbrokers, investment advisors won't talk about gold IRAs? They've been
available since 1986 yet the financial industry won't recognize the value of gold for your
retirement. Gold is outperformed paper investments yet no word about IRAs. If you would like
to have gold for your retirement call 800-686-2237. Don't get left behind by rising inflation
and low returns call 800-686-2237. Secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237. Is this
the year you finally get serious about your family's drinking water? If so, keep listening
for a special offer from Big Berkey water filters. Did you know that over 60% of municipal
water is fluoridated? Berkey water filters distinguish themselves from many other filtration
systems with the capability to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine, fluoride, arsenic
and disinfection byproducts from municipal water via the black Berkey and PF line of
filters. Then there's affordability. At only 1.7 cents per gallon, Berkey water filters
purify treated and untreated water, even stagnant pond water. Stop and think how much money
you could save by simply reducing buying bottled water and using water filtered by your Berkey
water filter. No need to be constantly replacing expensive filters with a Berkey. A single
set of filters can last for 5 to 10 years. Choose the best size Berkey for your needs
at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com. And right now all GCN listeners get 5% off all ceramic filter
systems. Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY. That's 877-99-BER-KEY or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
Free shipping on every order over $50. Big Berkey Water Filters, for the love of clean
water. Big business has discovered the preparedness market and that makes it difficult to know
where to go and who to trust. MyPatriotSupply.com is owned and operated by patriots just like
you. Has the best prices on storeable food, non-GMO seeds, water filtration devices, home
canning equipment, survival and self-reliance books and more. MyPatriotSupply.com has old
fashioned values and the absolute best customer service in the industry. Look for the deal
of the day, unique affordable survival supplies that fit anyone's budget. Get same day shipping
on all orders and free shipping on orders over $49. Call 866-229-0927 or visit MyPatriotSupply.com
for emergency preparedness, self-reliance and food independence. Shop with a name you
know and a name you can trust. Before it's time to survive, it's time to prepare. MyPatriotSupply.com.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are broadcasting worldwide from high atop the Dick Cheney Command
complex in Dallas, Texas. I am actually broadcasting from high atop Dick Cheney's hotel with a
train of ambulances behind him. You know when he shot that guy in the face out at that ranch
in Texas, they reported they had three ambulances there. And when you go to a Bilderberg Group
meeting sometimes they have like seven or eight ambulances for David Rockefeller and
all the rest of them sitting out there. And I don't know why I'm going off into that.
Sometime today, after Ron Paul comes on and we talk to Seabelle Edmonds, people keep saying
why do you say Seabelle? She says that's how you pronounce it. Not Se-belle, she says Se-belle.
And I respect how she wants it pronunciated. So Seabelle Edmonds is going to be joining
us. Incredible whistle blower coming up at the bottom of the next hour. It's weird, you
know when I go on vacation I just kind of get in the screwy moods. That's why I'm joking
around a lot. But literally I am in the same building as Dick Cheney right now. And it's
just like just a little man creeping around on a cane. But just think of all the New World
Order stuff he's been involved in. Just amazing how fragile life is, how short it is. People
take themselves so incredibly seriously. And then you've got the video up on Infowars.com
that John Bowne and Mark Dice and Rob Jacobson went and produced. And I want to be clear,
they did that shoot in 15 minutes in Oceanside, California by LA. And that is all the people
they talked to.
Okay, we did not go out there for five hours to find people that would sign a petition
calling for America to be turned over to Nazi Germany and gun owners to be arrested and
children to be injected with pure mercury. We went to English speaking people and explained
it to them and they signed it. Because if you talk in a liberal voice, a snake voice,
they're under a trance. We're gonna go out with a snake voice in Austin and we're gonna
call for babies to be killed in America up to age three.
We're gonna call for a law, so it's legal, for babies. And Dice is doing another one.
Well, he's already done it. He's gonna have next week that's so controversial, he doesn't
know if he should even air it. I mean, what he asked them and they all agreed it was time
to burn people, murder people, bury people. I just can't even believe it. I don't wanna
give away what he did. And again, we're gonna be doing this as well to illustrate how the
public is in a zombified state.
And I gotta say it, it's liberals that are like this. Even mainline Republicans that
have got their problems and wanna kill all the Muslims and have their issues, they have
common sense and street smarts. I don't know, I mean, compared to Democrats. Democrats are
scary and they always walk around talking about how smart they are all day. That's another
thing they do.
And they're not smart, they're dangerous and they're crazy. And I said we'd go to our guest
host here who were there riding a shotgun with us today. They're gonna be popping in
with news alerts and little tidbits of information throughout the day. But you know me in the
first 30 minutes or so, I just get warmed up babbling, Texas style, hillbilly style.
David Knight, Jocari Jackson, what are you gonna be interspersing today? Cuz you're gonna
be hosting the third hour all by your lonesomes today.
All by our lonesomes, okay. Well, I'm Jocari Jackson here with David Knight, just like
Alex said. We have a few articles that we'll be conducting a little bit later. FBI conducts
gun sweeps in Oakland, DHS and FBI warn of terrorists with cameras following Boston bombing.
Now, this is exactly what we said would happen. And you have the Mad Als and other people
of the world saying, they said this was gonna be used to take your rights or something and
that's exactly what it is.
And I'm sick of that dude saying that we're wrong and that I'm sick of that him. He has
a man he needs to gut up and admit we've been telling the truth.
Yeah, absolutely.
David, what do you have?
Well, there's news that the US Mint is suspending sales of small gold coins at the same time
premiums are rising. So it's gonna be interesting. We're gonna have Ron Paul on later. So be
interesting to see. I know he follows gold pretty closely, what he makes out of all the
shortages of gold and silver.
And of course, we know what's happening with ammo and there's an article about that on
Info Wars today.
And the thing about that, I think Ron Paul was on Bloomberg a couple days ago and they
kept asking Ron Paul, why do you like gold? And he'd tell him why he likes gold and why
do you like gold? And then they switched anchors and just kept asking him the same question
over and over.
And I think we actually have.
I think they do that. I was on O.B. and Anthony's show. I think they do it like eight times.
Norton kept asking me the same question and I don't even know what that tactic is.
I don't know. I guess they were trying to see if he would change his answer. And he
always had, like always, he always said a well thought out, thought provoking answer,
but they just weren't satisfied with his answer.
You know, Alex, you were talking about how dumbed down everything is in the wake of this
coming, the analysis of it. And there was an article that was on Lou Rockwell's page
from Butler Shaffer. And he said, perhaps we ought to change the motto of the U.S. from
in God we trust to ignorance is bliss.
He said the failure in intelligence wasn't the fact that the FBI and the CIA and Homeland
Security and all these other agencies had indicators that something was up with one
of these brothers. Failure in intelligence is the American people abdicating their ability
to look at information.
I disagree with that. I think we should worship the image of not a golden calf, but of an
ostrich with its head in the sand or its head in the toilet with a dead baby.
Yeah, we can replace the eagle with an ostrich and the motto.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN radio network.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the Web at five star soap dot com or call 800-340-7091
for a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice
as good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the Web at five star soap
dot com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your
arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for
intruders? Check out Simply Safe. It's a new do it yourself home security system that is
completely wireless. Go to get simply safe dot com. Simply Safe is independent and off
the grid. It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's
completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage
unit or shed. Get simply safe dot com. Simply Safe is also ridiculously easy to install
yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger into your home. If
you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't
always at home, but simply safe will stand guard, protecting your property 24 hours a
day, seven days a week. Again, that's get simply safe dot com. I had tried everything.
I'd cut back the amount of food I was eating. I was lifting weights and jogging, but nothing
was working. My body was literally starving for minerals and trace elements as well as
key vitamins. And as soon as I had that, I immediately could eat half of what I was eating
previously and be satisfied. Now there are hundreds of great products at info worst team
dot com, but I want to point out the three that have helped me lose £37 in just two
months. Products like Beyond Tangy Tangerine, Holland Burst and Rebound. When I started
taking the Tangy Tangerine and other products every day, I lost more than £37 in just two
months. Now that's results. I want to challenge my listeners to go to info wars team dot com
and order just three of their products, and you will see the changes in the way you look
feel and in your appetite almost immediately. Start your journey to health and wellness
today. Info wars team dot com crashing through the lies and disinformation. It's Alex Jones
on the GCN radio network. All right, folks, I'm coming to you from Dallas, Texas. Let
me seriously get into some of the news here and then we're going to have Jakari Jackson
and David Knight there in Austin, Texas. Break down some other important breaking news they
have like Planned Parenthood running around saying, hey, women wear shirts saying I had
an abortion. Absolutely. I sacrificed my child. I killed my child. I'm proud of it because
you see they're losing the battle. Statistics and studies are showing people are turning
against abortion. I'm not judging women that have had them. I'm not saying that you're
a murderer. I'm saying you were manipulated into this. And now they're trying to make
it something that's like laudable, like getting a gold medal or something. And in every culture,
people have been lauded for killing their children. That's just something that's happened
over and over and over again throughout civilization and in different different cultures. So what
I want to do actually right now is throw it over to Jakari Jackson and David Knight.
What I want to cover first is, gentlemen, the latest developments that we were first
talking about, you know, back last Monday during the tragic first hours of the bombing,
we said if there's a drill, if the patsies were in intelligence services or protected
by them, if they use it for some big power grab like martial law to to basically condition
us, if that happens, if we see all of these all of these different telltale signs, then
we know it's an inside job or at least a provocateur to vent, which is a type of type of inside
job. And indeed, ladies and gentlemen, that is what has now happened. And if you look
at the New York Times, parents deny son's guilt and accuse U.S. of plot. Well, ladies
and gentlemen, that's just the simple facts that one brother was killed, the other climbed
out of a boat and was just fine and then suddenly had his throat cut out. And now what the senator
first said back on Tuesday is now mainstream news that that all these agencies, CIA, FBI,
you name it, all knew exactly who these guys were and were, quote, following them, tracking
them. The Russians blew their cover and said, who are these guys? And then it came out two
days ago and has been in no mainstream media except Foreign Russian News. They released
the documents out of Georgia that indeed, Tamerlan Zardav, the older brother, indeed
was in CIA sponsored Jamestown Association groups under Zbigniew Brzezinski, whose plan
it is to radicalize Muslims and use them worldwide as the tool to take liberties here in America,
in the Middle East and against Russia. And again, people say, what are you saying? There
aren't radical Muslims. My whole world's about hating Muslims. And, you know, my dog's got
an Al-Qaeda chew toy. No, no, no, I'm not saying there aren't radical Muslims and there
isn't a clash of civilizations. What I'm saying is the globalists are throwing fuel
on the fire as a way to take our liberties and have an excuse for all these wars and
empires.
And they use them like a Swiss army knife or a skeleton key for every job. Going back
like, this goes back to the British using radical Muslims out of Saudi Arabia to overthrow
the different countries that were there before, turned into one big country. And now they've
used those guys worldwide. Hitler took over the Middle East for oil during the start of
World War Two and Rommel went in and for the few years he had it before he got kicked down.
What did they do? They set up and expanded the Muslim Brotherhood. Now at the end of
World War Two, the keys got handed from Hitler over to the United States. And then Israel
was set up basically as a command base over there, whether you support Israel or don't,
or whether you just want peace over there. The point is it was set up as like an aircraft
carrier out there in the Middle East to basically be a base of military operations.
And again, this wasn't done to democratize or bring freedom over there. It was done to
put radical Muslims in charge. Look what we did, kicking out Mubarak, who wasn't a great
guy, a Western-backed dictator, but he was a dictator back when the US wasn't as openly
evil. We had corrupt people in there, but they weren't just absolutely pure evil. Now
he's gone after 31 years and they're putting basically al-Qaeda light in. So that's my
take on that. But this is a case of, this has absolutely come out in the open. And I
want you guys to spend about five minutes breaking that down. And I want the guys to
bring me down while you're doing that, because I want to readjust my camera. It actually
fell off the computer here, so I have to rerun.
All right, we're here, I think. Picking up on what Alex was talking about, here's some
of the agencies, according to the official story, that knew about this attack. You had
the FBI, the CIA, US Customs and Border Protection, Boston Joint Terror Task Force, TIDE, that's
the Terrorist Identities Data Mart Environment, and Homeland Security itself. All of these
people had red flags raised to them about Tamerlan, the older brother.
And yet, they didn't catch anything. Now the whole-
And Napolitano said that she knew about it, but she didn't think it was a big deal.
Yeah, yeah. Janet, you failed us. All right, Homeland Security failed us. If you even look,
if you don't look at anything else but the official story, you have to say that Homeland
Security, which was created 12 years ago in the aftermath of 9-11, the whole rationale
for the creation of Homeland Security was that we've got all these bureaucracies that
aren't sharing information with each other, that aren't communicating with each other.
So we need one gigantic bureaucracy to rule them all. Okay, and that's what we've got
with Homeland Security. And guess what? They're offering the same excuse they did 12 years
ago.
Right, right.
They're offering us Homeland Security. Why did we centralize all this investigation?
I mean, at that very level, their story has no credibility, and we should not be handing
over any liberty to them at all. And we should take back the liberties that they took, because
it wasn't a very good exchange for us.
And that's exactly the point, because not just terrorism databases, but all kinds of
databases. You have the NSA, data mining centers, and all this stuff. And even with all the
information they illegally collect on US citizens, they still can't keep people from committing
crimes. I'm not necessarily referring to the Boston bombing suspects, but just in general,
they can't keep people from committing the crimes with all the resources that they have.
Well, even if you look at the war on drugs, you have scores of people dying from drug
overdoses in federal prisons every year.
Exactly.
They can't stop the flow of drugs in prisons to the extent that inmates can not only get
drugs, but get enough of them to have an overdose. What kind of a society would we have to live
in for them to be able to interdict drugs to protect us from ourselves? So the whole
idea of using force and interdiction to stop everything is a failed idea.
But it's just when you look at even the no fly list and the absurdity of that, the fact
that this tide thing flagged Tamerlan when he was heading back to Russia. And they decided
to let him fly anyway. And yet you have children who are put on the no fly list. You have Wade
Hicks who had just been vetted by Homeland Security, had been vetted by the FBI for enhanced
security checks.
And was stopped mid journey to Japan to see his wife in the military and stranded in Hawaii
because he couldn't fly anywhere. Never was given any explanation. So this kind of authoritarian
bureaucracy that doesn't pay any attention to the law and just rides roughshod over people
is accountable to no one and will not tell anybody.
To this day, people who are put on the no fly list are not ever told if they're ever
taken off of it. They're never told why they were even put on it. It's like some kind of
a star chamber where you're accused in absentia. But at least the star chamber would tell people
what they were accused of. We don't even get that from Homeland Security.
And you brought up a good point. You said that they're not accountable to anybody. And
we saw that with Napolitano, which he was being grilled by, I believe, the congressman.
And he said, what's up with this Saudi guy? And she said, well, if I think it's a big
deal, I'll get around to telling you it's a big deal.
Yeah, sit down, congressman. Don't talk to me. And that's kind of the attitude that you're
getting about these ammunition purchases as well, right? When they say, why are you getting
a thousand times? Why are you using, if you divide it out by the number of people there,
why are you using a thousand times more rounds than the Army's using?
Well, I can't tell you that. I'm not gonna tell you that.
And I think that's a very good point to bring up. I mean, when you're using more rounds
domestically than you need in a foreign occupation, I mean, that's a pretty big deal.
Mm-hm, yeah, absolutely.
And nobody wants to talk about that. They don't wanna talk about the fully automatic
AR-15s. They don't wanna talk about the armored vehicles. And everybody, well, not everybody,
but you see some of the naysayers saying, well, they bought dump trucks too. Okay, yeah,
they bought dump trucks.
They also have armored vehicles that they say can withstand mines, landmines. They said
they need those for warrant sweeps. I know a lot of the Crips in the Bloods like to use
landmines in their daily activities and whatnot. That makes absolutely no sense. But I wanna
get to this, David. We have a link on Drudge, maybe you guys can pull it up, update.
Falsely identified Boston bomber found dead in the river. And I believe Alex has been
talking about this for some time saying that bodies are gonna pop up in the river and sure
enough they did. Falsely identified Boston bomber found dead in river. One of the individuals
identified as a possible Boston bombing accomplice has been found dead in the Providence River.
Police in Providence pulled a man's body from the Providence River on Tuesday. And authorities
said, it's very possible that it is, forgive me for this pronunciation.
Sunlee Tripathi, a former Brown University student who has been missing since mid-March.
It was pointed out that the image bore a similarity to one of the suspect's first name by the
FBI. And I remember we had the caller call in the other day and he said, maybe we should
do some crowdsourcing.
And I don't think crowdsourcing is necessarily a bad thing. But when you get to the point
where you're harassing people in the very scenario I gave that caller was, they're gonna
start harassing little girls with backpacks. The little girl had a black backpack and it
gets way out of hand. But I think it can be a very useful thing, just something to use
with extreme caution.
Well, we have an article on Info Wars from Kurt Nemo. And he says the DHS and FBI are
warning of terrorists with cameras following the Boston bombing. Now, we just had Peter
King, former chair of the House Committee on Homeland Security saying that, well, we
could have stopped this or found these guys quicker if we had more cameras.
Well, they had a lot of cameras at the finish line of Boston Maryland.
They confiscated cameras from people who were there just filming.
Right, what they don't want, they don't want a free press. They don't want a free citizenry.
They don't want people taking pictures of their crime scenes because they want to control
what information comes out and what information doesn't. And along that line, we look at this,
the implausibility of these two brothers, the second one with a white backpack.
Now, immediately it was obvious because for days they've been talking about a black backpack.
And then when they flagged these guys, they didn't say anything initially about the second
guy having a white backpack. And so we started talking about it. And then immediately CNN
comes on with an explanation, says, well, this is what it would have been.
I think it was less than an hour after that press conference. CNN came up with their own
probable cause situation for why the backpack was white and not the black backpack. This
was nothing that they got from the FBI that we know of. It's just something that came
up on their own. Yeah, they just pulled bags out of bags.
They did have an FBI former FBI profiler, as they introduced him.
An FBI profiler, I wanna tell this story. I've told it to David and I've told it to
the guys in the back. Back when I was in college, I wouldn't say I was recruited by the FBI,
but the FBI approached me at a career fair cuz I was studying criminal justice.
And said, hey, when you get your degrees, you come check out the FBI. And I just asked
him basic question, what about all that FBI profiling I see on the movies? He said, there
is no position in the FBI called FBI profiler, none.
And you can verify that at the FBI's website. We went there and looked at FBI, it's the
careers section. And if you look at item number 17, because I must get this request a lot,
it says, I'd like to be an FBI profiler. And they say, there is no such job as an FBI profiler.
But they had an FBI profiler, according to CNN.
Yeah, he has an FBI profiler. If you guys can dig that up, that would be really great,
even if we have to wait till the next segment.
So he came on and he was ready with a demonstration. Now, here's the question, okay? I think that's
somewhat implausible, but he's saying that he had the black backpack with a bomb inside
of a white backpack. He would take that out and then leave it down there and then put
the white backpack on and go, okay?
Well, if he was so clever to do that, why didn't the older brother, who is a mastermind,
why didn't he do the same thing? Okay, why didn't he have a white backpack with a black
backpack bomb inside of it? I mean, it just makes no sense. And we're told that they don't
have any video of the older brother setting anything down, but we do have, they say, video
of the younger brother setting something down.
Who nobody has seen.
Exactly, they will not show you the video. Now, think about this, no person identified
by the name in the investigation is saying that they saw the videos, okay? The governor
of Massachusetts said that he went to a briefing and they described the video to him, but they
didn't show the governor of Massachusetts.
My gosh, they described it.
Yeah, they described it. So-
That's some damning evidence right there. They described a video that nobody has seen.
But that's the whole point of the suspicion about the younger brother, Zohar, is this
video where he supposedly took this backpack out of the other one and left it and ran.
It's crazy.
Also, guys, again, Alex Jones popping back in here, guys, great points you're making,
is you have the police chief, the big guy that everybody sees at the press conferences.
He said on Fox that he had the whole video of this described to him. Percy said it is
just chilling and riveting video. And they said, you've seen it? Well, no, no, no, no.
I had it described to me. But listen, all that is sad issues. I think it's important
to list it all as part of the overall continuum of this. But you have to understand, you've
got a drill at the exact same time. You've got them desperate to cover up that drill.
You've got all these other people with backpacks there, which again are part of the drill.
We're not saying they're in on it. They're there so that no one can ever find the real
guy with the bomb, so the real guy can slip in. How do you in a country, in a world where
they know there's gonna be thousands of cameras, they want the thousands of cameras to create
all this fear to usher in a fundamental change in our society towards open martial law.
They'll just call it security. They'll call it public safety. How do you have that fundamental
shit? Well, you gotta have the footage. But how do you then bomb something and then get
your backpack bombs in or whatever they were really in, and then have the real perpetrator
be able to slip out? It's the old spy trick of have 20 people show up at the same restaurant
dressed the same way so that people can't find out who's handing off a package. This
is all classic spy stuff out of real spy craft. To have the drill, in case you get caught,
to say you're part of the drill. And then I say, okay, there's a drill. That just bumped
it up to 90% chance. I said this the day it happened. Okay, a drill's confirmed. People
are saying drills. Okay, the Boston Globe admitted that there was a drill. They had
a drill years before there of the same thing happening. Okay, that just bumped up to 90%.
Because if you have a drill at the exact same place, exact same time of a bombing, that's
what it was for. Unbelievable, you're at 90%. Now, if it comes out, they're being shadowed
by the FBI and CIA. Kurt Nemo wrote, if they were sent by these foundations that are trying
to undermine Russia by sending in Muslim extremists, and we listed the organizations, then it goes
to 99%. And folks, it's gone to 99%. And then you get them covering up, trying to kill the
brothers, silencing the other brother, dead bodies popping up, the cover up of this Saudi
that somehow is involved. I don't know if it's a patsy or maybe the target. I mean,
we don't know, but we know this guy is at the White House. We know Michelle is visiting
him, the first lady. We know this guy is on no fly list. Because again, you've got agencies
that aren't actually terrorists that will pick up on these people and put them on a
list.
Or they've done this, they put them on a list. So when something gets blown up, or they want
to set them up later, they say, look, we were watching them. That's then uses the proof
against them as well. And the fact that they're allowed to get on and off planes, Tamerlan
is the older brother, with fake names. Boom, ladies and gentlemen, we know the workshops
he attended with the CIA. We know what he did. We know he went around to mosque to jump
up and say, I wanna kill infidels to test and see if there were real radicals in those
mosques.
But see, when you get hired, cuz they were secular at first, party guys, get money, be
Playboy type guys. They were rock stars, they're out partying, they're not real Muslims. The
point is, when you go out and take part in the drills or when you take part as an infiltrator
posing as a Muslim extremist, you are now creating the history and the ledger to be
set up. That's what happened with Tim McVeigh, Lee Harvey Oswald, and everybody else. This
is a total intelligence operation. It is a false flag. And when we come back, I'll tell
you the motive for it, then we'll get into the latest on the bullets. The media is in
full panic mode trying to cover this up. They are preparing for war against the American
people, folks. And if this story gets out, it's over for them.
We travel so much and having a fake TV gives added peace of mind.
Burglars look for houses that appear to be easy targets, but fake TV can fool even professional
burglars into thinking someone is home watching television.
As a recent widow living alone, it gives me great peace of mind to set my fake TV near
a window and know that passing motorists and pedestrians will think someone is home watching
TV when I'm actually away from home.
Fake TV easily plugs into any outlet, just like a light on a timer.
And they're so easy to use. You just plug them in and they're ready to go. Plus, they're
so affordable that we have one upstairs and downstairs.
Fake TV is only $29.95 with free shipping. Order your fake TV by calling 877-5FAKETV
or go to FAKETV.COM. That's 877-5325388 or FAKETV.COM.
Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
Paul's going to be joining us for 30 minutes, start of the next hour. So be sure to stay
with us on that. We're going to ask him about a whole bunch of issues coming up from the
Boston bombing to his new homeschooling curriculum to where he thinks the new order is going
and what's happening with gold. That is all coming up with former Congressman Dr. Ron
Paul.
And then we have C. Bell Edmonds, the whistleblower, coming on. Look, you all know the motives.
Set the precedent, as they said, this is like 9-11. You even see the PR rollout. We're now
going to be on the streets. You're now all suspects. And what do you say to that, having
the Bill of Rights suspended? USA, USA, USA, cheering tyranny with the chance of USA, USA,
USA. So the motive is let the military industrial complex eat America fully. This foreign offshore
bank owned monstrosity that is installing Al-Qaeda in Libya and Syria so we can fight
the next war with them to its full spectrum dominance and its way to make us all suspects
and then get CISPA passed and just absolutely butcher the Bill of Rights and Constitution
and distract from Obama imploding America and shutting down our power plants and shipping
our jobs overseas.
So it's all meant to make us rally around and see the government as the daddy, as the
mommy, as Chris Rock said. Obama's like your dad, so shut up and do what he says. Kim Jong
Un, he's like our dad, so shut up and do what he says. Hitler, he's like our dad, shut up
and do what he says. I mean, that's what every group that loves authoritarianism says. And
you watch that video up at Infowars.com that has to go viral everywhere. Californians signed
petition to bring in Nazi rule.
And they would say, yeah, please sign the petition to confiscate the guns and bring
in Nazi fascism in America. And these are people that spoke English, black, Hispanic,
you name it, white, mainly whites and Hispanics. And that's the people, that's everyone that
we asked. It's not like we're cherry picking here. They were out there 15 minutes, it's
like a seven minute video.
Cuz they just cut out the parts where they were waiting for somebody to walk up on the
boardwalk. Everyone we talked to, except for one group of people, that's like 90% said,
we want to take the guns and live under Nazi rule. Because they don't know even what Nazis
are. It's like it's for the Earth, the children, the Nazis will run everything and take the
guns.
I'm for that, thank you. Thank you for supporting the Nazis, ma'am. And we're gonna get more
and more extreme, more and more insane with the stuff we're gonna call for and people
are going to sign for it. Now shifting gears, we're gonna cover this more after Ron Paul
leaves. This is a big deal.
The listeners of this broadcast, Infowars.com, PrisonPlanet.com and give credit where credit
is due. DrudgeReport.com rammed this story just like the TSA and so many other issues
into light. When we first started reporting on it a year ago, it was only a billion bullets.
Since then, it's about a year and a half period now, it's over 2 billion, 200 million bullets.
And it's training with paper targets of children. People couldn't even believe that, it's on
record. This is all designed for us, this whole program. And the fact that they, in
every news article bashing us and saying Infowars is lying, Drudge is lying, these crazy congressmen
have picked up what Drudge and Jones are doing.
And I mean, she got asked about it last week, she got asked again today. Hey, what about
the 2 billion bullets? She goes, well, Drudge is not a credible source. And he's like, but
Drudge linked to Forbes, I mean, isn't that credible? Of course, it's all credible. Because
it's the government's purchase orders, their own website. And then they say in all the
articles, the debunked Drudge story, yeah, these people are nuts.
Yeah, we bought 2 billion bullets, it's no big deal. It's like we're debunked cuz we
broke it, pushed it, and they're like, man, look at these crazy people. They said there
was a rodeo going on in this town and we showed up, there was a rodeo, they're debunked. Or
look at this crazy guy, he says he's in Dallas, Texas and there he is in Dallas, Texas. This
is nuts. This guy is, you know, this guy, two plus two equals four. He's crazy cuz he's
right. I mean, it is just, it's debunked cuz we got the bullets and they're for you.
This is GCN, the Genesis Communications Radio Network.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing
a full selection of silver-based products. Our most popular silver-based products are
the 32-ounce nano silver solutions, our 2-ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well as
our all-natural silver soaps. Just released is our 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver
gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and leave the silver
at the surface. But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing
chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the
silver more effectively. Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver-based
products are best for you. That's www.silverlungs.com. Waging war on corruption. Alex Jones on the
GCN Radio Network. Big Brother. Mainstream media. Government cover-ups. You want answers?
Well, so does he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin,
Texas, Alex Jones.
All right, ladies and gentlemen, it's Friday. I'm at Big D on a short family get-together.
Just so I happen to be in the same building as Dick Cheney right now. I'll tell that story
briefly later. I pretty much already told it. Dick Cheney and more. Hunt Oil, you name
it. George W. Bush. I've got five presidents here in town right now. Speaking of money,
I wish it was our president. Ron Paul is scheduled to be calling in any minute now to spend a
half hour with us today. And I'm going to bring up a cornucopia of issues. And I have
the guys come in and co-host even when I'm there because I enjoy their ideas and banter
and it's thought-provoking. But Jacquari Jackson and David Knight are riding shotgun up there
also in case we have any technical difficulties, as we are coming to you via the internet right
now. The wonders of the internet. And we do have Congressman Ron Paul joining us today.
Again, I'm on the road. So I have a couple of my Infowars Nightly News reporters riding
shotgun with us for the next 30 minutes. In case anything cuts out, they'll be able to
ask the former congressman questions. It's great to have you on with us today, sir.
Thank you, Alex. Good to be with you. Wow, so much is happening. I want to get into your
homeschooling curriculum. I hope to actually promote it later when you start that affiliate
program. I think everybody should get involved in that. But before we go there, what do you
make of Boston and that whole martial law spectacle that we saw? Well, it's rather scary.
You know me that I always try to look onto positive things and think things can't be
quite as bad. But those pictures really concern me. You know, I mean, that is such a visual
image when you see these thousands and thousands of troops. And they weren't your local friendly
policemen that were involved. And it was accepted too easily. I mean, can you imagine all these
people being locked? They became prisoners. And then the police, the military police were
allowed to march into any house, any time without a search warrant. It was martial law,
you know. So I think it was very, very scary. It's just a hope. It wakes up some people.
But unfortunately, you still hear those. Well, the government has to do something to make
us safe. And I think that's where the big disconnect is, is what is the purpose of government?
Is it to give us perfect safety and perfect economic security? Or is it there to allow
us to run our own lives and protect our liberties? I want to expand on that because we're going
to break here in a moment. This is our short segment again. Former congressman and Dr.
Ron Paul joins us are very active in the defense of liberty. I want to expand again in the
next segment on the Boston issue because some stations join us. Then I want to get your
full take on that. But I mean, clearly any excuse the power structure has to grab power,
they do it. And it seems that that appetite is getting more and more intense. Why do you
think that's happening? Well, the problems are getting bigger. They say that Congress
isn't doing a job because they're broke. But it's the it's the whole system that's broke.
We're financially broke. But those individuals in Washington, their mentality is different
than so many of people outside of Washington, because they've told me personally, that they
need to take care of people. And they need to regulate people's lives, because we can't
trust it to themselves, because they may hurt themselves, or they may not take care of themselves.
And I've asked them, I said, Why is that the case? Well, they're too stupid. And inferring
we the politicians know what is best. I mean, that is a mental status that they have, and
they cling to real and then they don't do like, I'm Hitler, and I'm gonna take over
I'm gonna take away liberties. I'm doing the Lord's work. I care about people. You've
heard the liberals say that they care about people we don't. But of course, if you really
care about people, you'll protect liberty, and there'll be more production and more people
taking care of instead of special interests taking over control of our government in the
wrong people benefiting. But anyway, that's the mess that we have is continuing. So every
time there's an opportunity, they think, Well, if I enhance my power, I can do more good
for the world. Although there's sinister reasons for us to be going about around the world,
most of the people are complacent, and they just go along to get along. And they think,
Well, we got to go help those people. We got to get rid of absolutely Congressman Ron Paul's
our guest. I want to expand and flesh that out when we come back because that is so central.
Please stay with us. Ron Paul joins us. In the last two years alone, the US has seen
huge losses to our food supply in 2011 storms and floods raged across the US costing us
20 billion in lost crops alone. In 2012, we saw the largest drought in the country in
more than 50 years. You may think out of sight out of mind and so you don't think you will
be affected. The fact is you are we all are food shortages drive prices up for everyone.
You might not be able to control mother nature, but you can control your food prices by freezing
the cost and availability of your food supply with the foods direct be prepared before you
need it with nutrient dense food you can store for up to 25 years. You can hope for the best
but hope won't feed you do what I've done and get your own supply of the best durable
foods out there from e foods direct call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at e foods direct.com
forward slash Alex and check out their spring specials again that number is 800-409-5633
or on the web at e foods direct.com forward slash Alex, you can bet your life on e foods
direct. With health threats on the rise such as West Nile virus, MRSA, CRE and now the
new bird flu recently discovered in China, there has never been a more crucial time to
support your immune system. Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary new silver solution that
is clinically shown to be several hundred times more effective than colloidal or ionic
silver and is powerful enough to help protect you and your family. Supernatural Silver is
scientifically supported, highly effective and perfect for everyday use inside the body
as well as out the science digest journal says silver is our mightiest germ fighter.
It is virtually non-toxic and is emerging as a wonder of modern medicine. Supernatural
Silver is the number one choice of thousands for improved health and immune system support.
To find out how Supernatural Silver can change your life, go to SupernaturalSilver.com and
use the promo code Spring2013 for 20% off and like us on Facebook. If you want an American
company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal-Ben Soap Company. Alex and
his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These all natural soaps are made
from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth friendly and safe. See
them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Buy the one to two month
sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what you're using now or save big
with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing
deal. You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you
feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover ups. You want answers? Well so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network and now live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Alright, I'm coming to you on the road up here in Dallas, Texas visiting family and
Congressman Ron Paul joins us as well from Texas via the phone and we have our reporters
riding shotgun with us and the former Congressman is just popping in with a news and analysis
update here with us today and he's going to talk some about the homeschooling curriculum
he's got coming out in September that is truly a revolutionary idea that I'm fully behind.
But first off, sir, seeing the images of lockdown saying it's a prison, overriding the Bill
of Rights, that is martial law by definition and now they're saying this is the new way
in America and we've got to have drones now domestically and that basically America is
a battlefield. We've known this was coming along with the economic collapse that is centralization.
What can you say about what Americans can do to reverse this and your take on what you
saw in Boston, former Congressman Ron Paul? Well, I think what Boston has told me is a
bigger issue and more difficult to reverse than I might have hoped. I'm always hopeful.
I always want to be positive. I get a lot of people who understand and should do it,
but to overcome the power of the Department of Homeland Security, I mean, it looks like
they're going to have all the guns. At least they want to have all the guns. They're buying
up all the ammunition, but of course they said they would never use it against American
citizens. What are they doing? Then when you witness what went on in Boston, I mean, if
this is not martial law, I don't know what martial law is going to look like, but the
Constitution has been trampled. The American people have to stand up any way they know
how to do it by spreading messages, reading, studying, getting involved in politics. Ultimately,
though, it's education. People have to understand why liberty provides the answers for us, but
we have been conditioned probably for 30 or 40 years, and you hear it all the time from
the president, their job is to make us safe. One, the liberals say, we want to make you
economically safe and secure, and nobody falls through the cracks and we're going to take
care of everybody, but then others say we want to make you physically safe, and governments
aren't supposed to do that. Governments are supposed to protect our liberties. Once they
decide they're going to make us safe, economically and physically safe, they can only do this
by taking away our liberties, and that's where we are. We seek safety rather than liberty,
and we were warned about it, and I think we need to re-warn the American people, and they
have to know what the goals are in order to establish their priorities.
Again, Dr. Ron Paul joins us. You talk about the bullets. We broke that story, Drudge Report
forced it into the mainstream media, and they said, we're not buying bullets, and then they
said, okay, we bought a billion, now it's two billion. And then they come out and say,
it's a hoax that we're buying bullets, but we did buy bullets. So their lies, their denials
have gotten schizophrenic where you're reading a headline, and they testify, this is a hoax,
but we did buy the bullets.
And now she said before Congress today, big sis, that DHS denies ammo purchases aimed
at civilians when the targets are of women and children on record, and the army manuals
say they're training to take on domestic groups. That first document we got four years ago
said Ron Paul, veterans, gun owners, libertarians, conservatives, Aaron Russo, film owners, I
mean, just bizarre, and now all that is mainline. So what do you say about the intensified lying,
or do you disagree, or are they not intensifying their lies?
Well, you know, they have the major medias on their side so they paint us as paranoid,
and this is our job, whether it's talk shows like yours or our internet programs or whatever
we're doing, we have to reverse this whole idea that we are paranoid and just imagining
these things. When she gives us an inch and says, oh yeah, we did purchase them, they
have to pound her and figure out, what are you going to do with them? What is the intent?
How much money? You'd think Congress should have more of a backbone to stand up and demand
this. That's their responsibility. The Congress goes along with it. They give up their prerogatives
to the executive branch so easily, and if we don't do it, see, the people eventually
have to do it. Members of Congress go along to get along. They've been doing that for
years, so we only have a dozen or two up there that are trying, but what we need to do is
wake up more and more people to hound their Congressman and say, find out why and what
are they up to? Because it's only information that they have that can wake the people up.
If they don't get the information, they're going to be too complacent and then it'll
be too late. After Boston, I worry more on where we are, but then again, when I go to
the college campuses, I get good responses. A lot of young people are saying, you know,
we know what you're talking about and we don't like it, and we're going to be stuck with
a big bill and we don't have a job. So there's a receptive ear out there, so it's a battle.
It's a battle for the hearts and minds of people to decide which they think is correct.
Are they going to go along with the status quo and the Federal Reserve and the income
tax system and government taking care of us and make us safe and secure, or are we going
to say it's time we defended our position that we want our freedoms back and just get
the government out of the way? Well, as you said earlier, government claims
that it's here to help us, but everywhere government gets involved, it creates dependency
and just wrecks society. We've sent our reporters out in Austin, but also in California, not
just in Texas, and the most people sign petitions to confiscate all the guns, to not just ban
carbon dioxide, but dihydrogen monoxide or water. And it seems like you've got two things
happening. Either people are getting more awake or they're getting even more dumbed
down and they're saying, hey, we're a democracy, a 51% vote to make the other 49 slaves, we're
going to do it. But in a republic that actually blocks them.
But the federal government's moving forward, like it's a democracy, they can do whatever
they want. Do you see a collision, a clash of civilizations of informed, high IQ, productive
good people that haven't succumbed to cultural collectivism and Marxism and globalism versus
the zombie hordes? I mean, this is getting bad is my point.
I think there will be, will be this collision mainly because our country is bankrupt, but
also there's more and more people waking up, which I think is very good and that's beneficial.
But the one thing though, individuals like myself who want to look on the positive side
of the thing, we shouldn't ever get so naive as to think that we're up against a, an enemy
that's rather a soft enemy. The worst things get, the harder they'll work and the more
they'll do to cling to power under the pretense, of course, of always helping people. They've
been powerful because they've always been to get them moral high ground. We're doing
good. You know, we go over these countries, we want to get rid of bad dictators. Yes,
we have deficits, but we take care of poor people, all of that. But now they're running
out of money and they can't do it and they make these false promises. So the only thing
left for them since their promises aren't believed anymore is they're going to use power.
And that's why you see the department of Homeland security and the FBI invoking martial laws
in a, in a major city. So I think it'll get worse. I've always said it's going to get
worse before it gets better because we haven't even had the big economic crisis that I think
is coming. And then you wonder how complacent the American people will be. So the more people
we can alert to being prepared for this so they can handle some of the emergencies to
get by, the better off we'll be. So we want everybody to be protected as many as possible
so they don't have to depend on the government. But when the government's broke, they have
very little to promise except our might to try to restore order.
Absolutely. And so it's a sign of their weakness that they're trying to flex their muscles
and use any excuse to take over and plant the flag of authoritarianism on our once great
Republic because they understand and they're scared and they know they've mismanaged things.
Now, now shifting gears into a subject that so many callers when they heard you were coming
on the last few days, wanted me to ask you just as a layman here and, and, and, and working
with a gold and silver company like Minus Resources, they, they're having trouble getting
the gold that's being bought so quick. Places are sold out everywhere. The mint can't even
make enough, but they're using paper money to drive down the price while elites are buying
it as fast as they can. What do you make of what's happening with the war on gold?
Well, I think, I think there is, and governments always have a war on gold because they want
their paper to last as long as possible. They did that. How much gold do you think we dumped
in the fifties and the sixties at $35 an ounce trying to prove that point? Markets though
eventually went out. So I think that they very well could be involved in all this dumping
of gold that, you know, that one day when the gold prices went down so much, there were
53,000 contracts sold by one individual. I just wonder how close the treasury department
was to that. But the market number that best tells you about this disconnect is the premium
on the coin. So you and I might hear, oh yeah, gold prices are crashing and well, maybe we
ought to buy some more. So we go out. Evidently there was more than just a couple of us doing
that. Quite a few went out. So the premium goes up, which is natural. That's the way
the market works. The price is not supposed to be going up because the price is so-called
fixed by these traders in the paper market. But the premium is part of the price. And
the price was, I don't know what the premium has done in the last day or two, but I know
when it was, when the price of gold was going down rapidly, the premiums went up, which
meant they were- But that's like Nixon price fixing. Sure. But isn't it like Nixonian price
fixing? I mean, sure he can fix the price, but then you can't find, you know, the things
that they fixed the price on. What I'm saying is I'm getting reports everywhere that people,
the shops, they can't get the gold, that there's a major shortage at this lower price. So doesn't
that right there prove that the market is saying gold is really worth a lot more? And
as you said, they can't suppress it forever. Shifting gears. What about Bitcoin? I've been
leery day one because if this wasn't something globalists were involved in, they would have
destroyed it. Now they're not all powerful, but I just have a bad feeling. Well, I don't
know exactly what's going on there. I have deep reservations about it because my understanding
of money is a little bit different than something that comes out of a computer, and I don't
understand how it's calculated. I don't think anybody else does. But if we have a truly
free society and people are doing this and they're not committing fraud and it actually
is a, it becomes a means of exchange and people can transfer and measure things in a Bitcoin,
you know, I'm not going to object to that, but I don't think that is the answer. I think
money has to be something that has been established in the marketplace and there's been a pretty
good test on gold and silver, like thousands of years. So I'm very reluctant to get involved
in even the Bitcoin, you know, it's going to be, when you make a sale or a purchase
in Bitcoin, you have to, you know, do the mathematical change and figure, oh, how much
is, how many dollars am I getting for this? But I hope it's a method where they're challenging
because that's been one of my positions is that if we would just have a legal competition
with the Federal Reserve in place, this would be helpful. But I'm thinking more along the
lines of somebody who's out there using gold and silver as legal tender as advocated under
the Constitution. But you know what happens to people who do that. You can go to prison
for that. You're called a counterfeiter, but the Federal Reserve should be the ones that
be held responsible for counterfeiting.
All right, I want to get into homeschooling and then let you get out of here. But last
question before we get to that, I want to bring up Boston again, because the government
locked down the city and then couldn't find the guy. And then as soon as they lifted the
lockdown, which is totally illegal, then a citizen smoking a cigarette out back his house
saw the guy was in the boat. I mean, not only did it not protect us, it's totally unconstitutional,
but it's just all a giant fraud.
What would you do down there where you live in South Texas on the coast if they said don't
come out of your house today or will arrest you? Or what would you do if you drove up
and they had your family with hands up? I mean, this is a big deal. They need to get
in trouble. Do you have any ideas as a constitutionalist and a pretty smart guy how we could take
action against this precedent setting garbage?
That's a tough one because they're the ones who are using violence illegally against the
people. And to resist it, of course, that's armed conflict. And it's how much how much
of a stomach do you have for the confrontation? But what we have to do is intellectually argue
against and expose those people who have these lockdowns and and having martial law declared
because three people were killed, which was tragic. But what about every night? I think
every day there's about 48 murders every day. Sometimes on a weekend, they'll be 10 in one
city. They never locked down a city. So this is exactly unprecedented. Very, very dangerous.
We have to expose them every chance we get.
Sure. I mean, they've had lone gunmen out all the time. You don't lock down a whole
city. If they said, hey, please stay in your homes in this block. We think he's in one
of your houses. That would be, you know, kind of a probable cause, at least, you know, something
reasonable suspicion. But I mean, just you're all locked in your house and now we're going
to aim guns at you. I mean, little kids in yards, they name guns at them. I can't wait
to get you on in September because this is revolutionary idea to get out of the government
training camp.
Spend a few minutes, sir. And the time we've got left here telling us the best websites
to visit, where we should go to find out about this. Hopefully you'll get your your site
back soon. RonPaul.com. But what are the best sites to visit and why have you launched this
homeschooling initiative?
Of course, homeschooling is something I've been very sympathetic with for many, many
years, more so every year, because I think the public educational system is deteriorating.
I've talked about it before, but in Congress, you can't really do a whole lot. Even 20,
30 years ago, I've often thought to myself, you know, it'd be neat to have a school when
I'm out of Congress, but I always thought about brick and mortar school. But technology
has changed and all of a sudden, you know, there's a much bigger opportunity to have
more students at a much cheaper price, have good education, have it, you know, where it's
not very expensive. So I've had some help with this. Tom Woods and Gary North have been
working with me on this, and they are great at teaching, and we're going to have math
courses in science and history and English. And also, you know, the first six grades are
going to be free. You can go and get on there after September and get education, first six
grades, for free. And then the later grades, there will be tuition charges. But one other
unique thing that we've come up with on this, where it's different, there are a lot of homeschooling
programs and they're not, you know, a lot of them are very decent, all but ours will
be somewhat unique. But there's going to be a lot of interplay between students and self-teaching.
And also, it means that the costs will go down because we're not going to have people
buying books. They can if they want, but we want to pay the cost down. So if we have a
course on the Constitution, it's going to be done by reading the Constitution and the
Federalist Papers and then having a teacher giving a lecture and the students writing.
So it would be a little bit different approach. We think we can give everybody a better education
at a much better price than anything that's out there right now.
And again, what are the best sites other than Campaign for Liberty for people to visit right
now to find everything?
Well, this one in particular is RonPaulCurriculum.com. And there's a preliminary course you can sign
up for $25 to help you get into, you know, preparing for high school. But the curriculum
really gets started in September. But there is a web page now that gives you some information
and it will keep you up to date on. There's a question and answer section on there where
people call.
Sure, my wife did it. We printed it off. It's excellent. Let me just say this, then I'll
let you get out of here as you got to go. You know, when I first talked to you before
you went live on air, you know, we were talking about promoting and how important it is. And
you were talking about how it's free for people to the first six grades and then almost apologizing
for selling it. Listen, we have gotten a liberty movement to fund each other and to vote with
our dollars. And we'll take the economy back, as you know, through markets.
It's time, you know, the media attacks us, the establishment that lives off our tax money
and corporate welfare that you sell a book or I sell a film. Ladies and gentlemen, you
either spend your money with websites like DrudgeReport.com, clicking on the sponsors,
Ron Paul sites, my sites, you spread the word about us or we're done. OK, this is war bonds.
Ron Paul, you know, lives in a modest house, can sail off of the sunset. He's at 76 years
old or whatever it is, fighting every day because he has a passion for liberty against
the authoritarians. And this is a revolutionary act, taking our kids back from the scum. So,
sir, I'm going to get behind your curriculum and I salute you when it comes out in September.
Everybody should buy it and give it to their family members if they won't buy it. Everybody
should support this 110 percent, Congressman. Wonderful. It's good being with you today.
Thank you so much. We'll talk to you soon. All right. There he goes, ladies and gentlemen.
I mean, it's bottom line, bottom line. I'm ready to die for freedom. OK, I'm in the globalist
face saying I want you going down one hundred and ten percent. I'll tell you why I like
to oblivion so much, because that's what it's all about, that archetype of giving your life
up for liberty.
And I don't want to die. But you know what? I love liberty so much. I'm not afraid of
them, even though I know how horrible they are. I know the things they could do every
time I look at my children and know they could come after them and they threaten my family.
I just look at them and I commit. And, you know, I'm a slob on air half the time. I'm
burnt out, ladies and gentlemen. I cannot unplug. I dream about this stuff. I can't
play outside with my kids or go fishing. All I'm thinking about is news and the New World
Order.
And then I do so much research, I get on air and can't even talk about it all because I
just know too much. I mean, it's like the Gnarls Barkley song. I want to come back out
of break with that, with our guests, because it's you know, I'm not crazy because I didn't
know enough. It's because I knew too much. And I just was talking to Ron Paul during
the break and he's like, and yeah, you know, we're selling it because, you know, we have
to pay for it and everything.
And I'm like, I was like, man, don't apologize that you're selling it. I mean, the globalists
have taken over and control the issuance of currency and credit. OK, we're doing this
because we love liberty and want to be free. And then they create this idea like he said
that they have the moral authority. They can sell stuff. They can make us give them our
money to then use against us. And that's moral. And then we, oh, Alex Jones, you know, I had
the Austin police chief and he's like, oh, Alex Jones, Alex Jones is selling stuff. Alex
Jones has got a 50 caliber rifle. Yeah. And I'll sell my house and a little bit of real
estate I've got and all my guns, if I ever have to, to keep them for Wars Dotcom going,
I will live in a rat infested trailer before I ever stop spending my money on fighting
the New World Order. But yeah, I like nice things. I like being comfortable. But that's
not my God. You see, my God is God is liberty and his life and his freedom. That's why I
take the money you give us by buying the great products we promote and hire more reporters
and get better equipment and building studios.
I have a dream to bring these people down. I'm a builder. I want to build things. I want
to construct things. I want to build an architecture of freedom. I want to lead the way out of
this with you right beside me and in front of me and behind me. This is I have a dream
of liberty. I have a dream of freedom. I have a dream of my children not being slaves. And
I am sick of the globalists having the moral high ground while they use our tax money against
us that we're not supposed to sell stuff.
I don't even I skip this network commercial. You know how much money that costs the network?
I can't. Nothing they can do because I just won't be on the network if they try to stop
me. And it's bad that I do it. I don't even plug products here on air like I should buy
everything at info wars dot com info war store dot com.
Buy the water filters, buy the seeds, buy the T-shirts, buy the videos. It's all about
warfare against evil, warfare against death. We're about life, period. We're about life,
period. That's what we stand for. I have a dream, life, enlightenment, liberty, freedom.
That's what I want. Justice. We're on the march. The Empire's on the run. Alex Jones
and the GCN radio network.
Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers. The prognosis for the entire planetary
economic system runs from bad to worse. The globalist model is to shut down societies
and starve patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover. That's why we've assembled
the most vital and important preparedness items at info wars shop dot com.
These are items that I did research on that I personally use. You've got the life straw
so you can turn fetid water into safe water anywhere you go. The Ktor hand crank generator
to charge up key equipment during power outages are out in the field. Strategic relocation,
third edition by Joel Skousen. When disaster strikes by Matthew Stein. Thera safe used
by Homeland Security to protect yourself during any radiological event and crank shortwave
am FM radios.
Everything that we've researched and found to be the best is available at info war shop
dot com and your purchase makes our info war possible. We're getting prepared. Are you
info wars shop dot com? You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't
have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home
protection. When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check
out simply safe. It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to get simply safe.com simply safe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power.
So even if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use
it in your home business boat trailer storage unit or shed get simply safe calm. Simply
safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes. So there's no
need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take
the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home, but simply safe will stand
guard protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's get
simply safe dot com. Introducing pro one all of your filtration in one system portable
on the go. No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You
have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced
manufacturing technology combined silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced
media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the
only one that does it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo
code water. This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides,
herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine. Hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form
of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your pro pure with a new pro one filter today at info war store.com or by calling
888-253-3139.
I remember when I remember I remember when I lost my mind. There was something so pleasant
about that place. Even your emotions have an echo and so much space. And when you're
out there without care, yeah, I was out of time. But it wasn't because I didn't know
enough. I knew too much. I just knew too much. Does that make me crazy that I predicted everything
would happen with the bombing? The first five minutes after it was announced. Does that
make me crazy? Crank this back up for a minute. Does that make me crazy? Possibly. Man, I
feel sorry for people that don't know how the world works. I want the whole universe
to open up to everybody. It's all right there. You can read the philosophy, the history books,
and you're going to be reading what men and women read and what men and women thought
hundreds of years ago, thousands of years ago, and you're going to read thoughts you've
had independently yourself and have that kinship through time with people who discovered beauty,
loved beauty, loved kinship, honor, all the things that are good. You're not going to
find that through this new world order culture because it cannot give you anything good because
if you get something good, you're going to grow and develop like a healthy tree that
will bear fruit of a free society.
They don't want that. They want to be in charge and do bad things. And to do that, they've
got to dumb you down. But what is going to stop them is courage. And Cebel Edmonds was
an FBI high security clearance translator. And because she can speak Arabic and several
other languages, and she was listening before, during, and after 9-11, and she went to Congress,
told them what she knew, and they gagged her. She pretty much broke the gag order. Incredible
courage. You've seen the persecution of whistleblowers the last few years who even exposed crime,
and they basically threatened her and things, but she hasn't been thrown in jail.
Ladies and gentlemen, it takes a lot of courage to go up against these people. Most men I
know will not do it. They won't even admit this is going on, but Cebel Edmonds did that.
We'll give you her website. I'm on the road. I'm pulling up a story she really wants us
to look at, so we'll let her break down here. We've got Riding Shotgun, Ja'Carri Jackson
and David Knight. They'll be hosting the whole next hour, and they're going to have Syrian
Girl on, breaking down the fact they're trying to frame them for chemical weapons.
But I have to say to Cebel, because I heard her on TV a few days ago, or saw her on TV,
we linked to it from RT with Abby Martin, excellent piece, going over the fact that
this could be a false flag, could be. I mean, knowing what she knows, I'm not going to recap
it all, but we know the FBI, CIA was on these guys for five years.
It's now confirmed mainstream news in Europe, in Russia, that he was in a CIA sponsored
Zbigniew Brzezinski program to undermine the caucuses where they're putting Al Qaeda in.
This is a total setup, and this is a message to all the patsies out there. People that
think you're part of national security stuff, you're playing the part of a terrorist to
infiltrate groups, you're going to be set up a lot of times.
And the little brother was just tagging along. He was partying the night before, he had no
idea. They've cut his throat out. He climbed out of the boat and they tried to kill him.
He's been told, you're dead if you don't play ball. Same thing happened with McVeigh. They
do the same thing over and over again. That's how I'm able to tell you what's going to happen.
I had Richard Belzer on when it was announced, and I said, there'll be a drill, the people
will be handled, they'll set up patsies that openly work for intelligence groups.
People are like, how did you know this Jones? People are so freaked out right now. They're
saying, you know, that Jones must be a government agent or something. Well, if I am a government
agent, we need more like me. No, I'm not. I'm a Liberty lover who studied what they
do. It's so pathological. Now, Sebelle Edmonds has been a total insider and a real government
agent that went public.
And she has a news website that we're going to put on screen for TV viewers and let her
plug here on air. But Sebelle, I want you to take the floor here. Then my reporters
have a few questions for you at the next segment and talk about your case briefly to recap
it. And then what did you think the minute you saw the Boston bombing? Because I know
being a false flag expert, someone who's covered it for 15, 16 years, actually longer than
that, but I really been on it since Oklahoma city.
So I guess 18 years, this is like flashbacks for me. It's very painful. I wish this wasn't
an inside job because that's a lot less scary than, you know, to have a few lone nuts out
there than to know that the system is this corrupt. And then why would they do it a Sebelle?
Thank you so much for joining us.
Hi, Alex. Good to be with you again. And as far as my case is concerned, I'm not going
to get into the civil liberties and the details of my case, but I want to emphasize the fact
that since my case broke in 2002, with all the state secrets, privilege, and gag orders,
I have been emphasizing the gifts, the reason for the state secrets, privilege, and also
the gag orders being our operation. And this is us, the United States government's operations
in central Asia and caucuses, some direct operations also through proxy nations, such
as NATO member, Turkey in this region. And that includes all the stands, you know, Kyrgyzstan,
Kazakhstan, but also in the caucuses, Chechnya, Dagestan. And so this has been pretty much
a consistent theme for the past 10 years with my case. And every time I have given an interview
or talk about it, people go like, oh, stands, central Asia, caucuses, even people-
No, you always bring that up because that's what you were listening to. And this is part
of the public program in that red crescent to destabilize that. This is a public program.
What is incredible is that it's all public, but the public's so ignorant, it's like we're
speaking Martian.
Oh, well, a lot of it, Alex, you say is public info, but the mainstream media has really
never ever, ever covered this. And a lot of the pseudo alternatives that you know about,
I know about, our listeners know about, they never touch these regions, but now lo and
behold with this incident in Boston, suddenly it put this region, the caucuses, Chechnya
and Dagestan on the map. You know, these people went from freedom fighter rebels overnight
with Boston incidents into the hottest terrorist cell, hottest al-Qaeda terror cell, hottest
Islamic radical cell, parroting each other, getting their script from the State Department,
from the CIA, especially the New York Times and LA Times, Washington Post.
But also to a certain degree, a lot of these quasi alternative media. And I know a lot
of people, they got bogged down with all these ever changing, ever conflicted, contradictory
semantics and details.
The bottom line is these guys were working for Western intelligence. The Russians blew
their cover. For people that don't know, you've been saying publicly for 10 years since you
broke the gag order with a lot of courage, as I said earlier, that it was a crime network
from Central Asia, right through the stands, right into the caucuses, right into Albania,
right into Southern Europe, Eastern Europe, right into.
So explain the big picture because you were on the inside listening to all this. Explain
to people what's happening here on the Brzezinski Grand Chessboard and then how that fits into
these brothers.
Sure. So as I was saying, while people were bogged down with all these ever changing information,
which is in a way, it's a matter of distraction. People, you know, making a lot of, you know,
putting out a lot of hypothesis and talking about some details on the ground. We came
out as boiling frogs post and we talked about the bigger picture. And that's exactly what
the US government, that's what exactly the mainstream media don't want people to look
at to step back and look at the big picture. Number one, the fact that they were from this
region with connections to Chechnya, Dagestan, these are not even nations. These are regions
within Russian territory and Russia. And the other thing I talked about, of course, the
interview you referred to was a good interview with Abby Martin, but was very short, so I
really couldn't get into it. And that's why we have a much longer interview from five
days before that on our website. When I get to explain, for example, one of the things
that keep coming out of the parents for the suspects were that, you know, this thing dated
back to three to five years ago. And while FBI was talking about two years, you know,
Russians notifying the FBI at the end of 2011. The other inconsistency that is very important
and I'm going to link it to this great game in a second had to do with the style that
the parents were talking about, the style of the communication relationship of these
government officials with the suspects. Right away, I said, first of all, that seems to
be the recruitment style, you know, especially if it dated three to five years ago. And considering
these guys, especially the older brothers' language, linguistic skills, you know, he
speaks Russian, Chechen, the Turkic language and English, he still holds his passport.
Yeah, for people that don't know, they come to like, you know, they come to people when
they're like 16, 17, 18. This is five years ago and say, you are powerful. You're a leader.
The CIA needs you to infiltrate these groups. So you get these parting animals suddenly
are going to mosque saying, I want to blow everyone up there. They think they're finding
radical Muslims, but really they're creating the ledger in the history to be set up.
Well, I would be careful to characterize it as infiltrating because when you're talking
about these groups, Alex, and this goes to my case and this goes to what I've been referring
to for the past 11 years. Well, these groups are our groups. We, the United States created
these groups, OK?
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I totally agree with you. It's on record. The State
Department runs the Islamic terror groups, all of them in the stands. You're the expert.
But I mean, that's all admitted. You're misunderstanding. I'm saying when they sent the brothers around
to shoot their mouths off at mosque about how they, you know, how they hate America
and stuff, and then they go party at the dorm at night, that is clearly them thinking their
agents infiltrating radical groups, is what I'm saying, when in truth they're creating
their history, their ledger to be set up later.
No, I understand. And one of the other thing I need to emphasize right here at this point
is initially when the report came out, there were a lot of people who said, well, these
guys only associated with modern, you know, wealthy Turkish students and businessmen there.
And we didn't see any signs of radicalization. They were hanging out in BMWs, going to nightclubs
and now you're referring to this thing of some of these people coming and saying this
is what they said in the mosque. That's why I haven't been really covering all these changing
contradictory details, because after you can get a lot of people. Exactly. You're right
to come and say, OK, then I'm going to shut up. Here's what I'm going to do. Then you've
got the floor. What is the core of this and what people need to know? Go ahead. Well,
Alex, this really makes me feel special. You're giving me the floor. I'm really honored. Thank
you. So what I pointed out, the fact that, OK, these people are exact profile that CIA
seeks, especially in the United States. We don't have many people from caucuses. So the
older brother is a perfect operative for the CIA to recruit. That was the number one thing
we put out through our Web site and say nobody's talking about the CIA connection. Everybody's
putting the focus on FBI. And and I believe that the Russians did, in fact, contact the
FBI at the end of 2011. FBI went there. They came back and they were told by the CIA to
butt out, to zip and not to close the case, because while I was working at the FBI with
the agents on these operations, this was a recurring theme. Alex, we would have a lot
of investigations. We would open up. We would, you know, pursue suspects. And lo and behold,
either the State Department and again, I have been saying this for 11 years or CIA would
step in and would pressure the SES level people, the top tier level people of the FBI to shut
down the investigations, to close the investigations, because whatever we were looking at or whoever
we were looking at happened to be our guys from the CIA and State Department side. So
and this went to a lot of 9-11 related cases where we had actively, just in my own department
alone, several cases where the CIA came and said, you're going to shut these investigations
and you're not going to pursue this person. Or actually CIA facilitated the suspect's
exit from the country, from the United States immediately, weeks after 9-11. So that was
very similar. The other thing that I kept telling people to look at is what is going
to happen immediately after this terror incident, the so-called scripted terror incident. I
said, watch three areas very carefully and this is what you're going to be seeing. And
guess what? In the past two days, what we put out a week ago saying this is what's going
to take place is already in effect, it's already taking place. Number one, I said, well, the
biggest obstacle for us to go and actually directly invade Syria because we have the
military power. We can take it, we can take them out in two days. Okay. Go to Syria and
get rid of Assad and do this and finish it. Invade Allah Libya, you know, Allah Egypt.
I said, the only obstacle has been Russia. Now with this connection, suddenly we changing
hats saying, well, these guys that we created for a while, we are going to declare them
the terrorists, the hot Al Qaeda cell. Look, again, we have done this throughout the history
with Mujahideen that we created Al Qaeda bin Laden in Afghanistan. At some points they
were our freedom fighters. They were our guys. At some point they were terrorists. And sometimes
we do it several times. KLA, okay. In the Balkans with Albanians, we deeply, we have
KLAs under terrorists category with the state department. Then during the Balkan war, we
made them the freedom fighters, our allies. We list that terrorist titles. And then after
we were finished, we were done. We put that title back again. We do this a lot with, and
same thing with MEK, the Mujahideen. Some people refer to them as MKO. Now look at Chechens,
right? Suddenly Chechens are the terrorists and all these bad guys. Do you know who's
the biggest lobby for the Chechens? In several years ago, they established a Chechen lobby.
Guess who established it? James Woolsey, ex CIA director, Michael Ledeen, Frank Gaffney,
Richard, Richard Pearl. When you look at the names of these lobbyists that set up this,
uh, the committee for peace in Chechnya. Okay. The American committee for peace in Chechnya,
that lobby group for Chechens, you're looking at all the infamous CIA, DIA Pentagon, and
the Neocons. Okay. Later, after it got a little bit of scandalous, they changed the Chechnya
in the title into caucuses. The American committee for peace in caucuses, right? This is not
even a nation we are talking about, Chechnya. And now we have this big group, lobby group
with all the CIA and Neocon guys for Chechnya and Chechens. People have to ask this. So
this is what, you know, what happens now. I pointed out that there is a possibility
that we made a backdoor deal with the Russians. Okay. Look, step aside and let us go and invade
Syria directly. Okay. For a while, we'll declare the Chechen and these guys in Dagestan as
the most radical Al Qaeda terrorists. Overnight. Okay. We'll set it up. We'll script it for
you and we'll give you the free hand because Russia has been pretty much wary of really
tackling some of these styles within its own regions. Because if you look at the map, you
see that the region is very close, right on the border of Georgia. Now recall that conflict
in 2008, the five day war with it being Georgia and Russia. So it's a very volatile region.
Plus Russia, people are like, well, Russia doesn't need permission from the United States,
but you have to look at the geopolitics and you'll need the political cover. They need
the political cover. Look, Russia doesn't want that kind of a bad rep in the EU. The
United States has looked Russia is repressing these minorities. They're committing genocide.
So they have been kind of wary even though their intelligence have all the stuff information
on these cells. Let me just throw this question at you and then we can come back and you can
have the floor continually and finish up these important points you're making. Why would
then the Georgian government, along with the Russians, release their military, the documents
that he's at the CIA, Jamestown funded, Wolsey controlled, Zbigniew Brzezinski controlled
meetings. Why would Georgia, I know it's moving a little bit away from the West now, but why
would Georgia do that? I mean, they're obviously upset about this. What does it signify?
Because we produced this video report and now our in-depth interview on this. And during
this interview, uh, I pounded the issue and I said, I'm really asking for some factions
within the Russian government intelligence and Georgia to put out information because
their intelligence for years, for more than two decades, have been collecting all our
operations.
Wow. You didn't do that. Absolutely. So stay there. Great, great. Stay there. She, Mel,
we got to go to break. It's a hard break. We're gonna come back and recap what you were
just saying. Wow. This is, this is amazing. Stay with us.
Hello, this is Ty Bollinger, author of the bestselling book, cancer step outside the
box. I want you to know some very important information. In 1985, president Ronald Reagan
requested that carnivore be sent directly to the white house at a time when only the
president could obtain this world-class healer. Now, 27 years later, carnivore capsules are
used around the world to keep people healthy. Now you can protect yourself and your loved
ones in this age of superbugs with 17 naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond
to abnormal cells only without harming a single normal cell. If you want to stay healthy,
now's your chance to literally wake up your critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders
that don't belong in your body. Call 1-866-VenusFly or order from carnivora.com. That's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A.com.
That's 1-866-836-8735, 1-866-VenusFly or visit carnivora.com. Protect your immune system.
It's the only one you've got. Time and time again. You need to come here and help us.
We need assistance. Please. Those we should be able to depend on, let us down. Federal
and state and local officials saying help is on the way while the folks here in Bell
Harbor say show me. Don't depend on the government to save you. Take action now so that you're
prepared for the next disaster with MyPatriotSupply.com. Get the best prices on storable food, non-GMO
seeds, water filtration devices, home canning equipment, survival and self-reliance books
and more at MyPatriotSupply.com. Call 866-229-0927. We are hurting down here and we need help.
Immediately.
Before it's time to survive, it's time to prepare. MyPatriotSupply.com. MyPatriotSupply.com.
Amino acids are the building blocks of proteins. Amino acids have to be delivered to your body
in the shape that nature gave them. If they are to be used to create new proteins in your
body, just like a bricklayer cannot use bent or twisted bricks to build a brick wall, so
too your body cannot use bent or twisted amino acids to build new proteins. Giving your body
an undamaged amino acid food can make a huge difference in your health. One World Way is
an undamaged amino acid food unlike any other. You see, heating bends and twists amino acids
and all whey protein powders we've investigated and most proteins you consume are heated.
With our TrueCool process, you now have a choice with One World Whey. My name is Daniel.
I'm 34 years old. When I started using One World Whey, I weighed 228 pounds. Now, after
two and a half months, I weigh 182 pounds. This is my ideal weight. I've noticed an increase
in stamina, rate of recovery from workouts, and an increase in my potency. Call 888-988-3325
or visit OneWorldWhey.com.
I hurt myself today to see if I still feel I'm going to punch out here in about five
minutes because I'm on the road. I'll be live Sunday and I'll be live next Monday as well
for part of the show. And you're going to have Gerald Cilente co-hosting with the guys.
But in this five-minute segment, C. Bell Edmonds is here. And then she'll do five minutes in
the next hour with the other host. She can continue with what she's breaking down. And
then Jakari Jackson and David Knight will continue to host into the third hour. But
again, kind of an overall news transmission here. You're listening to the Alex Jones Show
and I'm Alex Jones. All right, C. Bell, you got cut off by the break there. You were getting
to a central point that a week or so ago, when I've seen the video up on your Boiling
Frogs website, be sure and give that full URL out, that you did call for these other
intelligence agencies to go public. I was just shocked at Georgia, and it probably was
you, because you're well respected worldwide, that Georgia would actually go, yeah, here's
the right thing. These guys were CIA. But it's got a grind on people in intelligence
agencies who aren't pure evil, like you, when you're working at the FBI, to just watch the
bin Laden working for the CIA.
You're sitting there listening to it. And they're running drugs, you name it, weapons.
So this is about a five-minute segment left. Continue making the central point you were
getting to.
Right, so the back deal would be, okay, now with this incident, suddenly we have Chechens
and these factions within the region, caucuses, going from freedom fighters to hot terrorists,
Al Qaeda-linked terrorists, and in return for Russia to have free hand to go and do
a major house cleanup, which it hasn't been doing for a while. I'm talking about massive
operations and going to the region, even though these people are our people that we planted.
We do this all the time. This is-
And that's how diplomacy works. We'll take our missiles out if you take your missiles
out or we'll let you kill our spies if you let us kill your spies.
Right, Alex. And instead of the international communities vilifying Russia, they will be
clapping and saying, look, Boston thing happened. We already declared them. We already portrayed
mainstream media running the scripts from the State Department as terrorists. So the
international community is gonna be supporting, especially the United States and EU, Russia's
coming crackdown, right? And as part of that, we are going to go and invade Syria. Guess
what? We put this information, this analysis out. That interview, I encourage people to
go and watch that video report at Boiling Frogs post. It's 45 minutes and this we put
out about a week ago and it basically aces in every single point.
So now they're saying Syria has chemical weapons. We have Syria WMD al al-Qaeda, I mean, al-Iraq,
okay? Bam, it came out yesterday, all right? Two, you look at the breaking news. Russia
rounded up 140 people of caucus radical Islamic terrorists. That's breaking news currently
right now as we speak, first page of Russia Today's channel. So everything that we predicted
is basically taking place. Now you compare that to the mainstream media and the alternatives
that have gotten bogged down in the semantics and some details, some ridiculous stuff. As
it happened with 9-11, they basically lose the entire picture.
Instead of looking at the big picture, they are looking at little fragments. And I understand
as far as investigative approach goes, people can get clues and put together. But the clues
they are giving you, the mainstream media and government, they are not clues. This is
as you just talked about, contradictory, conflicting, a lot of them false, ever changing, evolving,
devolving.
Rather than doing that, we have been presenting the bigger picture and the Boston terror incident
basically facilitated what we are seeing right now and what we're going to be.
See, Mel, we got to go to break. We're going to come back and do a little bit more time
with you. And I'd like to invite you on the nightly news. I like to have my crew either
today or Monday show those clips because you did absolutely call it. You are absolutely
right. There's no doubt the globalists run Al-Qaeda. This is a staged event, period.
You are listening to GCN. Visit GCNlive.com today.
You may be arrested and or subject to other police action.
Tyranny is here. The grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality. It really says
that the state is God. The United States is now recognized globally as one of the most
impressive police states on earth. This film conclusively proves the existence of a secret
network of FEMA camps now being expanded nationwide. This documentary exposes how the continuity
of government program has established an all powerful shadow state. Police state four chronicles
the sickening depths to which our republic has fallen. Prepare to enter the secretive
world of emergency dictatorship, body scammers, sound cameras, citizen spies, stage terror
and cameras on every street corner. It's only the beginning of the New World Order's hellish
plan. The police state isn't coming. It's here. Secure your copy today at Infowars.com
or see it online in the highest quality at prisonplanet.tv. Waging war on corruption,
Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. Big brother, mainstream media, government cover ups. You
want answers? Well, so does he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live
from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones. All right, I'm going to punch out of here and she'll
be able to be here until about 15 after. She's doing like an hour with us on Monday during
the Infowars. Not only knows, I think it's David Knight doing it. We're going to show
the Brzezinski documents, where they lay all this out, this plan in 1979 where they've
made public statements since then. That's why she's so frustrated. I can hear it in
her voice. It's all laid out. It's all admitted. The globalists run Al-Qaeda. They created
it. They're giving them Libya and Syria. They'll say Iran is Al-Qaeda, even though it's Shiites.
They just have, Muslims are bad. Let's blow up Syria. 9-11, let's blow up Iraq. That's
how dumb they think you are. And so she'll be with us this little segment about five
minutes into the next. But next Monday, I want to have the crew get clips from the video
she talked about at her Boiling Frogs post, where a week before all this came out, she
laid it out. Because she was an insider for years listening to this in the caucuses, into
the stands, and she knows. I mean, it's all run by the CIA. It's all run by the globalists.
So she'll finish up, you've got the floor, then the guys will take you out to break and
interview you in the next segment. And then they've got Syrian girl on to expose it from
another perspective. But this is just really incredible. Well, go ahead and finish up.
Yeah. Yes. So as I was saying with this now, we are going to see a big time international
plot for Russia starting this crackdown on operations with the factions in Chechnya and
in Dagestan region. And again, we need to also watch Georgia very, very closely with
this because about a week before, 10 days before Boston terrorist event, Russia sent
the United States a very strong, also simultaneously cryptic message saying, we really don't like
what you have been doing with Georgia. And that is Georgia is in line to become a NATO
member. And we had this joint exercise, military exercise with Georgia right there on the border.
And again, if you go to the map and you look at Georgia's borders, what you're going to
see is you're going to see Dagestan and Chechnya, exactly the region that suddenly became the
hot region after the incident. So that's extremely important too. As far as Iran goes, I haven't
put that analysis out. It's going to come out on Monday. I believe as part of this back
deal with Russia, we are going to put this whole Iran situation on hold. We're going
to hear a lot of more of these talks with the United Nations and nothing is going to
happen on Iran. At least I would say for a year or longer. However, in the next couple
of weeks, you're going to see the finish job with Syria and you're going to see further
internal domestic crackdown from Russia towards the factions in Dagestan and Chechnya. And
one other thing I want to talk about, I haven't talked about it before, but for the past several
years, what I have been getting both from my sources in Turkey, but also some intelligence
sources here has been the fact that Zawahiri, Ayman Zawahiri has also been in this region.
He is not in Pakistan. He hasn't been residing in Pakistan. And here's one prediction. I'm
going to make a hypothesis. I'm not calling it a theory at this point. The hypothesis
I'm going to put forward here is we will be hearing about Zawahiri and pursuit of Zawahiri
in the region, which again, as they laid the ground with the Boston incident, they made
it the hot terror cell. And we're going to be hearing U.S. pursuing Zawahiri in the region.
And I'm saying it today on April 26th here on your show, during your show, Alex.
All right, thank you, Ms. Edmonds. I'm Ja'Kari Jackson and David Knight filling in for Alex
while he's on the road. We'll have you back just in one second on the next side. But first,
David Knight, real quick, what do you have?
Well, I really appreciate you filling this in, Cabel, because we were talking about some
details at the beginning of this. And sometimes you look at the really close tiny details
like colors of backpacks and the feasibility of the government story. And that when we
do that, we kind of try to get people to look at this and examine the official story. But
what you've done is you've given us a larger context. You know, we were looking at the
official story, whether there's bombing drills, that sort of thing. You bring it out to the
larger picture.
OK, we'll be right back after this break. Stay with us.
Food shortages drive prices up for everyone. You might not be able to control Mother Nature,
but you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply
with e Foods Direct. Be prepared before you need it with nutrient dense food you can store
for up to 25 years. You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you. Do what I've done
and get your own supply of the best durable foods out there from e Foods Direct. Call
800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex and check out their spring
specials. Again, that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward
slash Alex. You can bet your life on e Foods Direct. Now that we have moved into the winter
season, there is an increased need to support our immunity and health. At Silver Lungs,
we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection of silver based
products. Our most popular silver based products are the 32 ounce nano silver solutions, our
two ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well as our all natural silver soaps. Just
released is our 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling
agents which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface. But rather we have
formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera to
quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more effectively. Visit
www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver based products are
best for you. That's www.silverlungs.com. With health threats on the rise such as West
Nile virus, MRSA, CRE and now the new bird flu recently discovered in China, there has
never been a more crucial time to support your immune system. Supernatural Silver is
a revolutionary new silver solution that is clinically shown to be several hundred times
more effective than colloidal or ionic silver and is powerful enough to help protect you
and your family. Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, highly effective and perfect for
everyday use inside the body as well as out. The Science Digest Journal says silver is
our mightiest germ fighter. It is virtually non-toxic and is emerging as a wonder of modern
medicine. Supernatural Silver is the number one choice of thousands for improved health
and immune system support. To find out how Supernatural Silver can change your life go
to www.supernaturalsilver.com and use the promo code SPRING2013 for 20% off and like
us on Facebook. We are on the march. The empire is on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio
Network. Alright and welcome back to the Alex Jones show. Jakari Jackson and David Knight
filling in for Alex. I said Alex have a good vacation. Alex Jones doesn't take vacations,
he just has days when he's not in the office. Our guest is Cebel Edmonds. And Ms. Edmonds,
we definitely want you to get to your other points. But first, can you clarify some of
your statements earlier? You know, not everybody carries this third segment. So if you had
four minutes, just give us your quick rundown and then we can get to the other points that
you have on this topic. Well, again, I don't want to undermine the work, the great work
you have done and other people have done in terms of pointing out to all the inconsistencies
as they relate to the incident itself. You know, how there was a suspect carrying gun,
was he armed, the backpack, as you pointed out, extremely important. It's just all of
us together taking those inconsistencies, okay, putting together with the bigger picture
and then following the events as they unfold after the incident. Very, very, very similar
to 9-11 and to do that with a logical, cool headed way. And of course, as with all terror
events you have for the government, for the powers, really positive externalities and
what have been, you know, have been the positive externalities here with the incident. And
number one, the government and the powers successfully had a test run, a test run for
their martial law climate and they took Boston and they implemented it in a pretty large
scale, I would say, considering we were talking about just one teenager, 19 year old on the
run. He has never had paramilitary or military training and now we are hearing that he was
not really armed and we stormed houses, we shut down stores. So unfortunately this was
a very successful drill. This was the real drill for the government and for the powers,
for the police, the state and very unfortunate because of the reaction we saw not only during
the event but also afterwards from people in Boston.
I am really troubled by the fact that the test result shows that our nation is ready
to be graduated in the graduation level of police state. I don't think you can get really
any further than that.
Absolutely. You know, I think, this is David Knight, how you doing, Cabel? I think it's
real important to look at, like you said, the details to see if this is a contrived
narrative. But as you just pointed out, they have a domestic agenda that they're after
that is a military martial law type of police state. We saw that very clearly and we call
that from the very beginning. You're bringing in a larger international agenda, which we
see also with the war in Syria, that sort of thing. And you provided us information
about what you think might be possible motivations. We had a lot of information leaked by the
Russian government that the FBI and the CIA were not giving us. And so you talked about
that motivation. A lot of people didn't catch, a lot of stations don't cover the earlier
wars. So could you recap that very briefly and just give us a quick recap of what you
see is Russia's motivation in this, in the broader context of the Syrian war coming up?
Because the three main objectives here have been, number one, Russia has been consistently
for the past over a year, the biggest obstacle for our invasion of Syria. Okay. And to remove
that obstacle, and that is Russia. And you're going to see this, especially with this Syria
WMD al Iraq, Russia is going to step aside, kind of give us the green light saying, fine,
I'm not going to be an obstacle. Go ahead, invade Syria. For Russia, Russia has been
determined to go, I mean, drastically crack down on the factions. And these are our people.
These are United States governments. This is the CIA and NATO as part of Operation Gladio
that started after the fall of the Soviet Union. That's why we call it the Operation
Gladio Plan B in Central Asia and caucuses, taking various factions, radicalize them,
train them, arm them, direct them, and use them as terrorists against Russia. We are
doing it to a certain degree in Chinese border of Xinjiang. Some people know this area as
Uyghuristan or Turkestan. If you look at the uprisings there, the radical Islamic terror
cells, again, right now we are not talking about it. Right now they are freedom fighters.
Right now they are the minorities that China is repressing. But one day, maybe based on
a deal with China, we will have them, put them on the map as terrorists. But currently
they are our guys there. And so for Russia, it's going to be applauded. This news just
broke with Russia arresting over 140 radical Islamic terrorists from the region. These
are the Dagestan Chechnya related factions within Russia. And we're gonna hear more.
We're gonna hear US Congress applauding it, US intelligence agencies, US media is going
to applaud. And of course, the majority of the Americans who are only exposed to the
mainstream media and they are only getting one sided flat made up narrative from the
mainstream media.
Absolutely.
They are going to applaud it as well. Again, another unfortunate reality on the ground.
When you're talking about that, how in one area now the Islamic terrorists, future Islamic
terrorists are now called freedom fighters, just as we've seen before. And there's a famous
quote from Henry Kissinger. He said, we have no permanent allies, only permanent interests.
And right now what they're interested in is going to war with Syria. We saw that talked
about several years ago. And so we need to put that in the broader context. We need to
see how they're using these Islamic groups as cutouts, as motivation and justification
for their permanent interests.
At one point, there are allies and then there are sworn enemies. And we see this happening
over and over again. And then domestically, we also need to turn back to Henry Kissinger
when it was just leaked with WikiLeaks. His comments said that the illegal we do immediately,
the unconstitutional is more difficult, takes a little bit longer. That's what we see happening
domestically.
So we need to look at Henry Kissinger for really kind of the backstory of what's going
on domestically and internationally.
You are referring to the great game. And I think this is a good point to emphasize one
fallacy out there that is being emphasized by people like, sure, the ex-C.I.A.s, the
real CIA guy and a lot of quasi alternatives that pose as alternatives, real alternatives.
And that is this whole notion of blowback. I really caution people against thinking that
way.
Let's say even if 9-11 was a blowback, which it was not, OK, I'm a big believer of that
based on all the facts that we have. You would think, OK, you know, fool the government once,
U.S. government, shame on them and fool them twice. Shame on the government. You would
think that would stop this terror creation through using radical Islam in Central Asia,
Caucasus, Xinjiang area of China. We have been continuing this after 9-11.
So this whole notion of blowback, I mean, you either have to say all these guys, including
Kissinger and Brzezinski and all these neocons and CIA, they are so dumb and so naive that
they keep doing the same thing. And lo and behold, it blows back right in our face and
we get terror events. Or you have to change this notion of blowback.
And I urge people to look at the context, to look at the history, to look at the last
35 years, look at this recent event and the analysis we have been putting and then ask
yourself, does it really look like blowback? Because this is like the second tier justification,
the first year. OK, you know, the people are saying this was a genuine event. These guys
were radical guys who caused the Boston terror. Then you have the second tier imposters, imposters
who are coming and they are talking about, well, it's blowback and they're coming out
already saying, you see, this is what happens when you say, you know, have some joint partnership
for a while with some groups and whether it's Chechnya, it comes back and it haunts us.
Well, that is as false as the scenario one, the official narrative. It is just the support
that again is distraction. So I urge people to remove themselves, again, step back, look
at it and you see that, come on, you know, how many blowbacks are we going to have? I
mean, nobody is learning here. This is not a blowback as 9-11 was not a blowback.
You have to at some point say, are the people who want to protect us, are they Keystone
cops or are they kind of sly like a fox? I mean, you know, if they're so incredibly incompetent,
that's one argument. But then the other thing is, as you're pointing out, and let's recap
for people who are just tuning in to this hour. You're saying this because you worked
at the FBI and as you told Alex, there'd be many times when you would be following somebody
and the CIA would come in and basically take you off the case, take people at the FBI off
the case, is that correct?
Absolutely. I mean, not once, not twice, not three times. We had valuable suspects right
after 9-11 and with the State Department, you know, it's like CIA, AKA State Department
stepping in and saying, no, we want to deport these guys, send them back. We don't want
them to be interrogated. Certain active investigations by the FBI, counterterrorism and counterintelligence
operations investigations being shut down, completely being shut down, per pressure from
State Department and the CIA. Now, officially, just for the people's benefit, they cite sensitive
diplomatic relations and as they cited in my case, when they invoked the state secret
privilege, they said, if this woman gets to talk, if her case goes through Congress with
a hearing or goes through court, it will be detrimental for certain sensitive diplomatic
relations United States has. Of course, people right away jump the gun and they're just talking
about Saudi Arabia or Turkey. And all along, I've been talking about, it's not that, it
is that a certain FBI investigations, counterintelligence, not counterterrorism investigation that covered
the period 1996 till 2002 dealt with NATO-CIA operations in Russia's caucuses and Central
Asia. Recruiting, training, radicalizing, arming, making them, turning them into terrorists,
okay?
To use them against Russia-
Okay, Ms. Edmonds, Ms. Edmonds, we have to go to break. Are you available for just a
few more minutes? I know your time is busy, but can you do a few more minutes?
Let's go to 1130, my time. We have nine more minutes.
All right, great. All right, we'll be right back with Ms. Sybil Edmonds, or Cebel Edmonds,
excuse me. I'm Jackari Jackson, David Knight for the Alex Jones Radio Show.
Bills in front of Congress right now could take away your right to keep and bear arms.
If Obama has his way, all guns will be either banned, restricted, or confiscated, possibly
by executive order. The best way to keep your guns is to hide them. What Obama can't find,
Obama can't take away. You can protect your guns from any threat. Download our special
report, How to Hide Your Guns at gohideyourguns.com. Learn how to hide your guns while keeping
them readily available. Get the report now before they make us take it down on the web
at gohideyourguns.com.
Sergeant Dave Scott, Army search and rescue veteran, wants you to hear this urgent message.
All emergencies have casualties, but in America, most casualties from storms like Katrina and
Sandy only happen because good people were in the wrong place at the wrong time. Don't
let that happen to you. Visit yourbugoutplan.com on the web. Watch a free video presentation
of the skills you need to be long gone before any disaster can touch you. You owe it to
yourself and to your family to watch this. Head to yourbugoutplan.com on the web right
now, yourbugoutplan.com.
Don't throw away leftovers. Instead, throw all your leftovers, vegetable peels, eggshells,
coffee grounds, pizza crusts, and more into the Bokashi. If you love to garden and compost
but don't like the hassle of turning a compost bin or the smell, then check out the EM Bokashi
Food Waste Recycling System from Tarragonics. Finally, a way to recycle all your food and
plant waste safely and effectively and stop using fertilizers. The EM Bokashi Food Waste
Recycling System. Rather than decomposition, the Bokashi System uses fermentation to break
down waste so it takes less time to create nutrient-dense humus for crops or gardens
with no turning and no obnoxious odors. To learn more and order your Bokashi online,
visit Tarragonics.com and click on the orange button. That's Tarragonics.com, spelled T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X.com
or call 866-369-3678. That's 866-369-3678. Recycle all your food wastes in about six
weeks with the Bokashi Food Waste Recycling System from Tarragonics.com. Tarragonics.
Life's getting better.
Hello, this is Ty Bollinger, author of the bestselling book, Cancer Step Outside the
Box. I want you to know some very important information. In 1985, President Ronald Reagan
requested that Carnivora be sent directly to the White House at a time when only the
President could obtain this world-class healer. Now, 27 years later, Carnivora capsules are
used around the world to keep people healthy. Now, you can protect yourself and your loved
ones in this age of superbugs with 17 naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond
to abnormal cells only without harming a single normal cell. If you want to stay healthy,
now's your chance to literally wake up your critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders
that don't belong in your body. Call 1-866-Venus-Fly or order from Carnivora.com. That's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A.com.
That's 1-866-836-8735, 1-866-Venus-Fly or visit Carnivora.com. Protect your immune system.
It's the only one you've got.
So, a natural disaster strikes and out goes your power. You risk losing stored food in
electric freezers and refrigerators. Your options, lose all that expensive food and
medication, fire up a noisy gasoline-powered generator or switch now to a propane or natural
gas-powered refrigerator from Benz Discount Supply. BenzDiscountSupply.com has a complete
line of propane-powered refrigerators, freezers in sizes ranging from a small camper cooler
size up to a whopping 21 cubic foot refrigerator freezer or a 22 cubic foot deep freezer in
stock and ready to ship anywhere. BenzDiscountSupply.com also stocks a full line of solar-powered appliances
to get you completely off the grid. Check out BenzDiscountSupply.com or call 800-771-7702.
That's 800-771-7702. Or click BenzDiscountSupply.com for camping, home or bug-out location. Bank
on BenzDiscountSupply.com.
And welcome back to the Alex Jones radio show,
Jakari Jackson, David Knight filling in. Alex is on, well not vacation, he's just out of
the studio for a few days. Our guest is Cebel Edmonds. Now, Ms. Edmonds, I have a question
for you.
Earlier when you were talking to Alex, you mentioned that the CIA was very interested
in the older brother, of course referring to the Boston bombing suspects. Why was he
so ideal and what does the CIA look for when they're recruiting?
Let me give a personal example of how they recruit. And a lot of times, CIA recruits
under the label State Department. In 1997, while I was pursuing my degree in George Washington
University, one of my professors, okay, after class asked me to stay behind and said, look,
you know, with your languages, Turkish, Farsi, other Turkic languages such as Azerbaijani
and having multiple passports, et cetera, you would be an ideal candidate for the State
Department. And I know they are very interested in having you work for them. Okay. And what
it was that I found out, basically it was through State Department, it was the CIA.
Because look, when you have the linguistic abilities, okay, you know the religion, the
target religion, which is Islam, you look the part. Well, that is the perfect CIA operatives
for that part of the world, whether it's the Middle East or Central Asian caucuses. I mean,
you get a John Doe with blue eyes and blonde and a thick American accent and no language.
Come on. And you know, these people can be easily identifiable. And people around the
world, they have, they know by now that, okay, through our embassies, we spy through our
NGOs, which is for Central Asian caucuses for Russia. This is why Russia shut down all
these U.S. NGOs. That's the number one CIA grounds for operations. And that is both the
terror operations with other operations as well in this region, Russia and Central Asia
through NGOs. So Russia was very smart with shutting down these NGOs because these NGOs
are all our CIA. So again, people there, they know that that's the fact, so they watch out.
So what is the best way for the CIA to have people on the ground to do the work, to take
care of some of the operations, yet blend in, you know, yet not raise that much suspicions.
And you have to also look at the nationalistic aspects of people within the region, too.
No matter what, even if, let's say, they hate Russia, they are wary of the United States.
They know that, okay, United States supporting them or asking them or training them or carrying
out operations with them, it's not for the best benefit of those factions, those minority
groups, those Islamic cells within the region. It is for the United States benefits. So they
tend to trust people who look like themselves. You know, they have, they share their religion
with, they share their language with. Therefore, they are very active. This is the CIA within
the university campuses, and I believe that's where they recruited the older brother. That's
the likely place. I'm not putting it as bad as I'm putting it as a highly likely possibility,
as it occurred in my case. And he would be the ideal CIA operative candidates there,
a conduit to further certain things that will be much easier to do with your average John
Doe Americans. And same thing is true with Afghanistan, with all over Middle East. We
do that a lot. And number one recruiting places are the universities, the college campuses
here in the United States. Absolutely. He fits more the profile of that type of person
than he does a terrorist because of his family relationships. And like you said, the multiple
languages, that sort of thing, and even the lifestyle that he's living. I mean, no, it's
as Alex had talked about it, very secular lifestyle. Now, you know, that's extremely
important. Carrying Russian passport is very, very, very important. Yes, absolutely. Yeah,
I'm looking at the bio for your book here, A Classified Woman, the Seabelle Edmonds story.
And one thing really stuck out at me here, it says, having lived under Middle East dictatorships,
Edmonds knows firsthand what can happen when government is allowed to operate in secret.
I think, you know, so many times we've talked to people who've lived under foreign dictatorships,
whether they're coming from Eastern Europe or some other place. And those are the people
who see the hallmarks of what's happening here. And I think that's basically what gives
you the guts to speak out on this, that maybe an American would look at the same situation
that you saw and the American would say, this could never happen in America. This is America.
This can't happen here. You've lived under it. We've seen other people who've come here
from Poland, from Germany, from other places, and they say, we've lived under it too. And
we see it happening and being repeated here. Absolutely. I mean, you aced it there because
the reason that this is the reality for the Americans, number one, of course, is the mainstream
media. When you look at Hollywood, even when you look at the textbooks, the history books
in the United States, universities, high schools, it all has this illusion of, you know, like
during the World War II with Hollywood. When American soldiers come, they hand out Hershey
bars, you know, and then people are throwing flowers. You're liberating us, liberating
us. We're the good guys. We can do no wrong. That's right. Thank you. We're going to continue
this discussion on Monday. We're on the watch the empires on the run. Is he still there?
Alex Jones and the GCN radio network. You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system and you're missing a critical weapon in your
arsenal for home protection when you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for
intruders? Check out simply safe. It's a new do it yourself home security system that is
completely wireless. Go to get simply safe dot com. Simply safe is independent and off
the grid. It runs on battery power. So even if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's
completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage
unit or shed. Get simply safe dot com. Simply safe is also ridiculously easy to install
yourself in under 20 minutes. So there's no need to let a stranger into your home. If
you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't
always at home, but simply safe will stand guard, protecting your property 24 hours a
day, seven days a week. Again, that's get simply safe dot com. In the last two years
alone, the U. S. Has seen huge losses to our food supply. In 2011 storms and floods raged
across the U. S. Costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone. In 2012, we saw the largest
drought in the country. In more than 50 years, you may think out of sight out of mind and
so you don't think you will be affected. The fact is you are. We all are. Food shortages
drive prices up for everyone. You might not be able to control mother nature, but you
can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply
with the foods direct. Be prepared before you need it with nutrient dense food you can
store for up to 25 years. You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you. Do what
I've done and get your own supply of the best, horrible foods out there for me. Foods direct
call 8095633 or visit them on the Web at foods direct dot com forward slash Alex and check
out their spring specials again. That number is 8095633 are on the Web at foods direct
dot com forward slash Alex. You can bet your life on the foods direct. If you want an American
company with American products made by Americans, here is the cow Ben Soap Company. Alex and
his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These all natural soaps are made
from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth friendly and safe. See
them on the Web at five star soap dot com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Buy
the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what you're
using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soap for all your cleaning needs.
This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real
soap makes you feel. See them on the Web at five star soap dot com or call 800-340-7091
for a free catalog. For 50 years, we've told them what to eat, what to drink, what to wear.
For Christ's sake, Ben, don't you understand? Americans love television. They weaned their
kids on it. Listen, they love game shows. They love wrestling. They love sports, violence.
So what do we do? We give them what they want. We're number one, Ben. That's all that counts.
Believe me, I've been in the business 30 years. Well, I haven't been in show business as long
as you have, Killian, but I'm a quick learner. So I'm going to give the audience what I think
they want. We now take you live to the Central Texas Command Center and the heart of the
resistance. Mr. Schwarzenegger is going to give you what you want or what he thinks that
you want. He doesn't want you to go out and buy violent video games, but you can go see
his latest blockbuster where he shoots somebody's head off and that's perfectly fine. Anyway,
if you're looking on prisonplanet.tv or infowars.com forward slash listen, you can see the FBI
special agents page and this was something we were alluding to in the first hour.
And I just want to show people, you can see right there, FBI.gov and we'll scroll down
here to number 17. And this is just a point I was trying to prove earlier. I want to be
an FBI profiler. First, you need to realize the FBI does not have a job called profiler.
So the next time you see that on your big box network, just keep that in mind. There
is no such position. And also real quick, guys, if you can stay right there.
Or the next time CNN rolls it out as their expert.
Yeah, this is your expert FBI profiler. And this is something that Alex was alluding to
as well. Obama promises abortion not going anywhere. That's article on infowars.com so
you can go there and see it for yourself. Now, David, you have some comments about the
Ron Paul interview?
Yeah.
And also we have Syrian girl in just a few minutes. Go ahead, David.
That's right. One of the things I appreciate about Ron Paul is he always focuses on the
bedrock issues. He focused on the Fed because it's such a central issue, our money and the
soundness of our currency. And it has tentacles into so many other things. Education is that
way as well.
Education is a bedrock issue. Education is the future of our children. If you can grab
them and every tyrant has said this going all the way back to Plato. If you can get
the kids at an early age, they own them for life. Don't let them have your kids. Don't
let the government schools take your kids. Take them back from people. Why is education
a bedrock issue?
Just look at this lockdown in Boston and the reaction of a lot of people to that. Children
are being conditioned in schools for lockdowns. It didn't happen when I was in school.
It happened when I went to school. Our lockdown protocol was we're gonna line up against the
wall right where the killer would walk by and just spray the wall and he's gonna shoot
all of us.
That's right. But if you go back and you look at the writings of the people who set up our
government educational system, people like Mann and Dewey, they were very clear about
what their purpose was. They were very clear about the schools. And just as we look at
some of these things and say, wow, look at this, Homeland Security is not working and
the FBI is not working and they got all these people at the finish line, but this still
happened anyway.
Wow, these guys are incompetent. We need to give them more power. We need to lose more
freedoms. And then you look at it and you say, maybe that wasn't the design at all.
Maybe they weren't really trying to stop this. And you gotta look at the same thing in schools.
People say, Johnny can't read. What's the problem with this? Well, this government schools,
that was never their first priority. That was the way they were sold to the parents.
The parents wanted that, but that is not their priority. Their priority is to make the citizens
passive.
It is to make them dependent on the government. It is to make them see the government as God.
And my wife has a master's degree in education. I took care of the religion and the politics
stuff for my sons cuz I didn't wanna be a slave of sin or slave of government. And that's
what we're looking at here.
The difference is the government looks at education as a way of filling a bucket. You
are a passive bucket and they're going to stick information in you. We look at education
as lighting a fire. We're trying to give our sons, our daughters the tools to educate themselves,
the interest to pursue something and the freedom to pursue it, which you don't have in school.
So if you've got kids in school, even if you can't work out how to get, if you're a single
parent or something, you're having a difficult time working out how you're gonna do homeschooling
because it is very difficult even with a two-parent home.
Still, look at this curriculum because this is something that you can put in-
The Ron Paul curriculum.
The Ron Paul curriculum is gonna be coming out in September. This is something where
you can fight back against the indoctrination that they're getting in school.
And it's a lot of indoctrination, just like Alex talks about often, your kids go off to
school. And how many guns do your parents own? Are they on any type of medication? I
mean, how often do you go on vacation and all these other little things? Just be a snitch,
do what the state tells you.
Like you said, the state is God.
See something, say something.
Yeah, I mean, they haven't come out and made the kids believe that, yes, yet, we are God.
I wouldn't be surprised if they do that sometime soon, though. But anyway, guys, let me know
if you have Syrian girl up and we'll go to her.
Okay, so we have right now Syrian girl, popular YouTube channel. I believe it's the Syrian
girl partisan channel. She joins us now to talk about all things Syria. Can you hear
me?
Yes, I can hear you. Thank you for having me.
Thank you for being on. Okay, now I wanna start with this article right here. And once
again, Jakari Jackson, David Knight filling in for Alex Jones while he is on the road.
US intelligence points to small scale use of sarin and syrian. I wanna get your comment
on this Syrian girl. Numerous questions remain about the origins of the chemical and what
effect its apparent use could have on the ongoing Syria civil war.
When asked whether the intelligence community's conclusion pushed the situation across Barack
Obama's red line that could trigger more US involvement in the war. Hagel, that is Defense
Secretary Chuck Hagel, said it was too soon to tell. But then we have this other article
from Politico. Some lawmakers told last week about Syria and sarin, and it has John McCain,
everybody's favorite John McCain, saying that we need to have intervention in Syria and
also need to arm the rebels.
So what are your thoughts about that?
Well, this banter about chemical weapons has been going on for over a year now. The US
saying it's got a red line on their use and accusations flying about their use. A high
level source actually within the opposition told me that he was approached by the US State
Department with a cash offer in exchange for claiming a hoax chemical weapons story. This
was months and months ago. And he added that recently he saw the victims of bodies of supposed
chemical weapons attacks in Syria and that he believed that those fighters died due to
accidental discharge of makeshift chemical weapons that the FSA have themselves created.
And, you know, there's been actually examples of the FSA, which is the rebels or insurgents,
which is a more accurate term for them, have been using makeshift chemical weapons in Aleppo.
And Channel 4, Alex Thompson covered this and many people, many civilians were hospitalized
as a result. But it wasn't sarin because the symptoms didn't have the telltale signs of
that. There was also videos that came out and I think in force covered this as well
of the rabbits being killed by the FSA who were mixing chemical weapons. So there's some
evidence that the FSA themselves are manufacturing their own chemical weapons and using them.
The reason that this guy in the opposition didn't go along with this US State Department
request is he wasn't convinced of their intentions to really intervene in Syria because they
have never said that what they would do if their red lines crossed. And so this is still
the case. So I would urge this person to come forward himself. But I think that the US agenda,
potentially they have plans to intervene, but perhaps they just want to set a precedent
for real chemical weapon use and the end agenda being to just further create more destruction.
Because if you let the rabbit out of the hat, then that's it. Then, you know, it increases
the likelihood of chemical weapons really being used.
Were you able to hear, I think we got an echo going back on the line there, but were you
able to hear the interview that we had with Sebelle Edmonds earlier?
No, unfortunately I wasn't able to.
We spoke to her and she had a very interesting take on both the Boston bombing and what's
going on in Syria, kind of tying them together. And in her opinion, she said that she thought
that this information that's coming out of Russian intelligence services linking these
suspects in the bombing to foreign CIA involvement and that sort of thing.
She believes that Russia has been the main obstacle to our involvement there in terms
of nations. She believes that kind of a backdoor deal has been struck between American intelligence
services and Russian intelligence services to essentially demonize Chechnya and give
Russia a free hand to work there while giving us a chance to move into Syria because Russia
is no longer opposing us. What do you think about that?
I don't think that Russia is going to make a deal that sells Syria out, not at this point.
I think that there's definitely something going on with Chechnya being labeled as the
culprit behind the Boston bombings. The reason that Russia is supporting Syria at the moment
is because there's some very radical Chechens coming across the border into Syria and they
just started their own platoon. So to radicalize the caucus in the Middle East threatens Russian
sovereignty and when I say radicalize, I mean create like an Islamic extremist ideology
in its postulate like they did with Al-Qaeda. This is a threat to Russia and this is what's
happening in Syria. So of course Russia is going to oppose, that's one of the reasons
Russia is opposing US presidents in Syria. Now as for the backward deal, it's possible.
The reason she said that was because, now what you're saying is that Russia is concerned
about Chechen influence in Syria is one of the reasons that they're standing against
involvement there. What she was saying and she had predicted this a week ago was that
Russia would make a major move that they were being held back because of public opinion
against them coming down too hard on Chechen rebels.
And here we are in the intervening week as more and more details have come out and as
we've heard this constant drone in the news media about Chechen Islamicists that now Russia
has been emboldened as Seville had predicted. And just in the last day or so has arrested
140 people associated with Chechnya in Moscow. So that was kind of tied into what she was
saying. Explain the reasons why the Russians would be releasing all this information about
CIA involvement with the brothers and them being used as Chechen rebels.
I think with the Boston bombing with the brothers, from the evidence I've seen, I have doubts
that these guys were Islamic extremists at all, just by the way that they dress or the
way that their Twitter feed was. It's really doubtful.
And that's very important. Can you elaborate on that? Why do you have doubts?
Well, if you look at the dress of the Al Qaeda style of terrorism, this might be superficial,
but they usually have a beard and no mustache. And that's because they follow a very specific
sect of Islam called Salafism or Wahhabism. And this is the case, you know, if it's not
just a beard and no mustache, then at least the beard and neither of the two brothers
had that. And it just seems bizarre because it doesn't fit the bill of what, you know.
Exactly. Alex has pointed out that they had a very Western appearance and Western attitudes,
that sort of thing. But of course, here in America, it's very difficult for us to talk
about those kinds of nuances and get the American public to understand it. They don't understand
the difference between Sunni and Shiite, for example. So when you talk about Wahhabi Islam,
they don't understand that distinction either. So for the official government narrative,
it works very well for them to just point out these guys were Islamicists. You know,
that's it, period. Just because of where they come from, I suppose.
For Russia, making a backdoor deal with the US regarding Chechnya, I don't see Russia
selling Syria out. Just the position that they've taken up to this point is very hard
to back down from. If anything, if they sold, you know, anything out, it wouldn't be full
blown intervention. I still have my doubts that it would come to that. So perhaps this
is more to do with political pressure. You know, this claim is coming also at a time
when the Syrian military has been making sweeping advances in both Damascus and Aleppo. And
it could just be a sign of desperation. You know, and in the first place, the claims are
coming out of Israel. And that's not exactly a neutral party when it comes to Syria. Syria
and Israel have been enemies for, since Israel's inception. So, and Israel starts to gain the
most out of the rebel or insurgent victory in Syria, as it would drive a wedge between
Syria and Iran. Netanyahu says so himself. So it's no surprise that Israel is the one
trying to push for intervention by the US and Syria.
Well, it certainly bears close inspection. And as we've seen before, we've pointed out,
just as we see with what we believe are domestic false flag operations, you know, we see a
drill going on at the same time, at the same place of a terrorist activity, with exactly
the same MO and that sort of thing. We see the government doing certain things over and
over again. And one of the things that we see them do when they want to have a war is
to bring up kind of bogus charges of weapons of mass destruction. We've seen this done,
you know, for Iraq. We've seen it done a year ago, as you mentioned, this is a narrative
that is being hyped up yet again in the last day or so. And we've already kind of covered
this ground quite a bit once before, even in Syria.
Absolutely, you know, and the ironic thing is, after the United Nations went through
and found no chemical weapon evidence in Iraq, the US attacked anyway, and then proceeded
to use chemical weapons in white phosphorous over Fallujah in Iraq. So really, this whole
thing is not about chemical weapons. It's not about humanitarianism. It's about finding
a way in.
Tell us a little bit about the charges last year and how that boiled down. Can you kind
of recap that for our audience?
The charges last year of chemical weapons use.
Yes. Mm hmm. Yeah. The charges, the allegations of chemical weapons use last year.
There has been so many allegations. At the beginning, there was just some threats issued
by the US, you know, in case you use chemical weapons. And there was one, I'm not sure if
it was last year, it was a few months ago, where there was a few hundred injured civilians
in Aleppo that had inhaled some kind of gas. Some of them had suffocated to death. But
the gas itself wasn't sarin, which is the most likely weapon that Syria would possess.
Sarin is a nerve agent, and it's a lot more potent. And even people working with the wounded
would be overcome by its effects. And that's not the symptoms. So I suppose none of the
accusations have been able to stick. And I think this is another one of those. I mean,
what evidence do they have? Chuck Hagel said that, you know, at the beginning he was saying
there isn't enough evidence.
Okay, hold on to that thought, Sarin girl. We have to go out to break and we'll come
right back with that thought on Chuck Hagel. I'm Ja'kari Jackson. Dave and I filling in
for Alex Jones who's out on the road. So stay tuned. We'll be back with Sarin girl right
after this.
Hey there, my name is Frank Bates. Do you know the number one most valuable item in
a crisis? Some people think the answer is gold. Others think it's a gun. But the correct
answer will shock you. I just created a free video at crisis123.com that reveals a surprising
item that is more valuable than gold in a crisis. 97% of Americans don't have this one
critical item. In fact, they haven't even given it a thought. And the sad truth is that
you may not survive without it when a real crisis hits and a starving mob is right outside
your door. But I have to tell you could literally make the difference between life and death
for you and your family. Watch my video at crisis123.com to discover the number one most
valuable item in a crisis. You'll be shocked. See the controversial video that thousands
of other smart patriots have already seen in the last three months. Go watch my video
now at crisis123.com before they force me to shut it down. Again, that's crisis123.com.
Friends, this is Alex Jones for MidasResources.com. For more than 15 years, I have exclusively
used Midas Resources for all my precious metal needs. Whether it's bullion or collectibles
you're looking for, Midas Resources is simply the best. I own my gold as a hedge against
inflation. This Federal Reserve fiat currency could go the way of the Deutschmark and the
Weimar Republic anytime. In these historically dangerous times, it makes sense to physically
hold gold and silver. Midas already has some of the best deals in the industry. But if
you give them a call and mention the radio special, they will give you a list of the
day's super specials. Midas brokers are standing by to answer all your questions at 800-686-2237.
They also have a lot of informative free literature explaining the opportunities and risk of holding
precious metals. They are ready to answer your questions at 800-686-2237. Again, that's
800-686-2237.
We all know that Berkey Water Purification Systems are the most trusted name in water
filtration. As an authorized Berkey dealer for over six years and serving thousands of
satisfied customers, the Berkey guy offers amazing specials for Berkey Water Filtration
Systems. The Berkey light systems include a set of self-sterilizing and re-cleanable
black purification elements that purify water by removing chlorine, pathogenic bacteria,
dust and parasites to non-detectable levels and remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides
and pesticides. Order the Berkey light system today complete with two black Berkey elements
for only $231 and the Berkey guy will ship your order free of charge. With the purchase
of a Berkey light, the Berkey guy is also offering a set of fluoride and arsenic filters
for only $39.99. That's over 30% off the retail price. Call the Berkey guy at 1-877-886-3653.
That's 1-877-886-3653. Or order online at GoBerkey.com. That's GoBerkey.com today.
All right, and welcome back to the Alex Jones Radio Show, Ja'Kari Jackson and David Knight
filling in. Now we have an article on Infowars.com, U.S. Unveils Iraq WMD Curveball Style Lies
versus Syria. So we have Syrian girls still on the line. And also Syrian girl, I want
to ask you, we saw an article a couple of weeks ago about a young child hearing an AK-47
in Syria.
You saw that video as well? The 10-year-old boy, eight years old. He was smoking a cigarette
and carrying an AK. Actually, there's been so many examples of children being used as
soldiers in this war. You'd think that the crew of invisible children who made Kony 2012,
that propaganda to have some comments about it.
But yeah, and then I was talking a lot about that a couple of weeks ago on the Infowars
Nightly News. And I was like, where are all the Kony people who were so concerned about
a guy who many of the people in Uganda say has been dead for six plus years, at least
been missing. But we see this child playing with explosives and AK-47s and nobody cares
about that.
It's actually, I've seen examples in the mainstream media where they kind of made it heroic or
understandable that the rebels were using child soldiers in Syria. It's repulsive. But
I did want to make a few last points about the chemical weapons that we were speaking
about before. One thing is, again, the claims are coming out of Israel in the first place,
but Syria isn't signatory to the Chemical Weapons Convention. So the media, when it's
claimed that Syria is breaking international law, it's completely false. And another country
that isn't signatory to the Chemical Weapons Convention is Israel. So it's ironic that
this information comes out from them. But Chuck Hagel, you know, at first he was saying
that he was in disbelief about it. But then he said, the direct quote was, the decision
to reach this conclusion was made in the past 24 hours. So it's kind of like saying, he
decided to make a conclusion.
So the conclusion wasn't made based on evidence, but political expediency. So finally, I did
want to say that if the Syrian military were to use chemical weapons, then why would they
use it on a small scale as is claimed here? Wouldn't that defeat the purpose of chemical
weapons, which is to cause mass destruction? Wouldn't it be simpler just to shoot the insurgents
rather than use these small-scale chemical weapons? So it's really a bizarre claim and
there's no evidence yet whatsoever. And even if they're coming up with evidence, it could
just as easily be the FSA who have been using it, for which we have evidence of. And, you
know, again, this is more excuse to create war, just as it was in Europe.
Exactly. When we see these kinds of claims come up, we all ought to be skeptical. We
all ought to demand a burden of proof that is much higher than we've seen in the past.
You always hear those who forget history are doomed to repeat it. That's usually said about
a generational ignorance. That's about something that's happened a long time ago. This is something
that we saw happen just 10 years ago. And in this article that Jaqari referenced, it's
on Infowars.com, curveball, let me just fill this in for people who are listening on the
radio.
That's the alias of the Iraqi defector who basically fabricated claims about Iraq's weapons
of mass destruction. And the British Independent has an article here says the man whose weapons
of mass destruction lies led to 100,000 deaths confesses all. A defector is going to tell
how US officials sexed up his fictions. We'll cover that in just one second. But real fast,
Syrian girl, how can people get in touch with you?
Oh, please, if you could find my channel on YouTube, it's Syrian Girl Partisan. And I
also have a Facebook Partisan Girl and a Twitter account, Partisan Girl.
All right, thank you so much. Syrian Girl. We'll be right back with five minutes overdrive
myself David Knight. Syrian Girl, you're welcome if you want to come as well.
Thank you for listening to GCN. Visit GCNlive.com today.
With health threats on the rise such as West Nile virus, MRSA, CRE, and now the new bird
flu recently discovered in China, there has never been a more crucial time to support
your immune system. Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary new silver solution that is
clinically shown to be several hundred times more effective than colloidal or ionic silver
and is powerful enough to help protect you and your family. Supernatural Silver is scientifically
suited, highly effective, and perfect for everyday use inside the body as well as out.
The Science Digest Journal says silver is our mightiest germ fighter. It is virtually
non-toxic and is emerging as a wonder of modern medicine. Supernatural Silver is the number
one choice of thousands for improved health and immune system support. To find out how
Supernatural Silver can change your life, go to SupernaturalSilver.com and use the promo
code SPRING2013 for 20% off and like us on Facebook.
Coast to Coast, direct from Austin. You're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
Big Brother. Mainstream media. Government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Well, actually, Alex is out on vacation or taking some time off, I should say. Jakari
Jackson, David Knight, and also Searing Girl sitting in for the next five minutes, five
minutes of overdrive. And we just want to run through some news articles. And Searing
Girl, you are welcome to give your take as well. But David Knight, go ahead and finish
up what you have.
Also in that article that we referenced on InfoWars.com, and just think about this,
what just recently happened with Libya. As a report, about 3,300 bombshells that were
designed to carry mustard and sarin gas chemicals were destroyed years ago by Muammar Gaddafi
when he was trying to make peace with the West. But instead, we went in and we overthrew
him, right? And what remains now, though, there are still 10 metric tons of mustard
gas and sarin gas stockpiled in barrels located in the Libyan desert south of Tripoli.
And they're worried now that those weapons are going to show up in the hands of Al-Qaeda.
So here you have someone who destroyed weapons of mass destruction, but we overturned him
anyway. And then, even though that's supposedly our greatest concern is weapons of mass destruction.
And yet, somebody who was cooperating with us on it, we went to war against him. And
then, we left those in place to be used by Al-Qaeda, who are our allies in overthrowing
the guy who was destroying his weapons of mass destruction. This is the insanity of
our foreign policy that's being run by corporations to profit from this, the military.
I don't know why people can't understand that we're funding these people.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Siren girl, what are your thoughts?
Yeah. I mean, they've been funding them since the 80s. Al-Qaeda is the biggest tool in the
Middle East for the U.S. and it's become blatantly obvious. I did want to make a comment about
the first article where the one Iraqi spy led to the 100,000 deaths. It's funny because
there was a BBC article about that that said the Iraqi who fooled the world. But you know
what? The world wasn't fooled. The U.S. government wasn't fooled. The UK government wasn't fooled.
They knew very well there wasn't any weapons of mass destruction in Iraq.
That's right.
The UN told them so.
Mm-hmm.
So to put all the blame of the war on this one guy and his supposed false claims-
Oh, absolutely.
It's just ridiculous.
Mm-hmm.
I think, though, the point is that here is a guy who is a key source and he's coming
out and saying that it was a lie, just as we've seen Colin Powell admit that it was
a lie and people underneath him. Now, you say it is blatantly obvious, and it is to
everybody, that al-Qaeda is being run by the American CIA, and yet we had Rachel Maddow
criticizing Alex Jones on her television show a couple of days ago. One straw man, absurd
argument after the other, and one of them was, he thinks that Barack Obama is the global
head of al-Qaeda.
Isn't that what that movie, that Tom Hanks movie, Charlie Wilson's War, isn't that about
how we made al-Qaeda and Tom Hanks is running around? What do you guys need to shoot down
these helicopters?
Exactly. He took over the position as global head of al-Qaeda from George Bush, his predecessor.
But she is so buried in partisanship that she's not going to admit that. But of course,
it's also an effort to ridicule and try to take down Alex Jones to put the straw man
argument up that, yeah, he's running al-Qaeda. Yeah, it's blatantly obvious.
Yeah, you bring up a good point. I want to close with Syringer. We have about a minute
or so left. Now, Syringer, we get criticized a lot for the information that we provide.
Are you criticized as well, or what type of opposition do you come up against?
I'm called many things. I'm called the Russian agent. I'm called not really Syrian. I'm being
paid by the Assad government. Lots of things to try to blacken my name and my message.
If I did have a bit of air time left, I would just like to say, you know, the manufacturing
of claims of chemical weapons is still going. And that source that gave me information from
inside the opposition, they say that the U.S. State Department approached him with false
information about chemical weapons to try to make him the one to come out with it. So
it's still happening. It's like regurgitation of the old tricks.
And you know, even in all the time we have, Syringer, sorry to cut you off, but you're
definitely welcome back on anytime. Info Wars Nightly News tonight. I believe it's Darren
McBreen. So stay tuned tonight.
