Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Ladies and gentlemen, it is Friday.
It is the 22nd day of March 2013, and it's all unfolding every day. It gets more out
of control, more insane, more wild, more tyranny, just absolutely out in the open with everyone.
They're just admitting that the Pentagon and international agencies and other corporate
groups just spy on everything you do, living in a glass house while they make what they
do totally secret and arrest reporters all over Europe and the United States that report
on corruption when they should get Pulitzer Prizes for it.
Now US plans calls for more scanning of private web traffic email. That's out in Reuters.
More scanning, it's not snooping, it's not spying, it's scanning. The head of one of
the heads of one of the IT areas of this operation, we're now doing a study of it.
We're now catching Google. When we begin to type something before we even type it, it
knows what we're gonna type. Undoubtedly, they've got it activated. They had a patent
out eight years ago on it to have the microphones listening with keyword software to then direct
you towards ads and things.
That sounds crazy. It is crazy. And we know they have that technology and we're starting
to have instances of it with multiple crew members. So now we're going to try to set
up cameras and screen capture systems and actually catch this in the act. I mean, they
say they've got it, they say they're using it, but it's like just out there.
It's kinda like the government runs Al-Qaeda in Libya and Syria, but now they're in the
news today saying we may need to invade Syria because of Al-Qaeda and we're declaring Al-Qaeda
in Syria terrorist while they run them and arm them. And again, we talk about this so
much but it just shows how it's all hiding in plain view.
In fact, Lou Rockwell is reporting, will the US really condemn terrorists in Syria? And
then it basically echoes what I wrote yesterday with Paul Watson, Obama now global head of
Al-Qaeda. Will president order drone strike on White House? And of course, that's absurdist.
He's not gonna do that on himself. Just as it's absurdist, they're running the terrorist
publicly and no one will call them on it, even though it's in hundreds of newspapers
that, yes, the West funds them and runs them, but we need to take all your rights because
of the terrorists.
And by the way, the terrorists are now gun owners and veterans. And the good old boys
are still like, well, get rid of my freedom then, I'm Al-Qaeda. I love hating Muslims
so much. If you say the Tea Party's with us, with Al-Qaeda, if you say we're with them
then arrest me. I mean, it's just Alice in Wonderland writ large and it's getting worse
by the minute.
Then there's of course video stills that have been released of TSA making a W amputee Marine
Corps veteran get up and walk on his stumps. And by the way, I've seen this with old ladies
who are clearly going home to die. There's been cases of this in the news where someone's
going home to die in Michigan.
I've seen them make people get out of wheelchairs where they can't get up and they're yelling
at them and they won't help them. And then they make people in line pick them up like
it's a prison. And then you see the people are reeling in pain with their back blown
out and they rip bandages, colostomy bags and feces sprays everywhere.
I mean, this is all on record, urology bags. They'll even rip the urology bags they use
actually go into ports in the body and they'll jerk those out of your body. And it's all
part of sacraments of desecration of America to train us to be good little slaves. I mean,
it's all just entering total and complete cuckoo land.
And yeah, you guys just had that article actually pulled up. You can go to the actual article
which had the blurb and it has the still that the video still images. Yeah. I mean, go and
click on the Washington Times. At least the version I have actually has the video stills
on it.
But them making the guy get up. All right, we'll be we'll be right back. Introducing
pro wine. All of your filtration in one system portable on the go. No more do you have two
or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts out the sodium
fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluoro silicate. Get your pro pure with
a new pro one filters today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139 Alex Jones here
with a message to fellow freedom lovers. The prognosis for the entire planetary economic
system runs from bad to worse. The globalist model is to shut down societies and starve
patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover. That's why we've assembled the most
vital and important preparedness items at info wars shop.com. These are items that I did research
on that I personally use. You've got the life straw so you can turn fetid water into safe water
anywhere you go. The Ktor hand crank generator to charge up key equipment during power outages
are out in the field. Strategic relocation third edition by Joel Skousen. When disaster strikes by
Matthew Stein. Thera safe used by Homeland Security to protect yourself during any radiological
event and crank shortwave am FM radios. Everything that we've researched and found to be the best is
available at info war shop.com and your purchase makes our info war possible. We're getting
prepared. Are you info wars shop.com. If you want an American company with American products made
by Americans, here is the cow bed soap company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap
products for years. These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and
coconut oils that are earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at five star soap.com or call
800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are
twice as good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and you will
love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at five star soap.com or call
800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Hi, I'm Janet Napolitano, Secretary of the Department of
Homeland Security. Homeland Security begins with hometown security. It seems apparent that our
citizens are staying off the streets, which may make scarring particularly difficult, even with
this year's rule changes to recap those revisions. Women are still worth 10 points more than men in
all age brackets. But teenagers now rack up 40 points and toddlers under 12 now rate a big 70
points. The big score, anyone, any sex over 75 years old has been up to 100 points. As always,
how fast you move determines how long you live. It's Friday to tyrants is obedience to God. Oh,
yeah, it's Alex Jones. Alright, launch primary ignition. Monday through Friday 11am to 2pm
Central, 12 to 3pm Eastern, 9am to noon Pacific, 10am to 1pm Mountain or Montana time. We are here.
Thank you so much for joining us today. Okay, first off, I tweeted earlier today and made the
point that this could be Obama's water lube. This could be Obama's Watergate. This could be Obama's
Bastille Day. This could be the end of the Obama cult that the globalists are trying to push here
in the United States to bring in collectivism to domesticate the general population while imploding
the nation to offshore our wealth to mega rich who are exempt. The very same mega banks imploding
Europe signing them on to their debts. And what is that water lube? What is that big battle they
can lose? It is the bullets. It is the fact that they bought billions of bullets and tens of
thousands of armored vehicles the last four years. It's just 2700 big armored vehicles in the last
few months they purchased. And they are domestically deploying them. We have a article up at
infowars.com that's on FEMA's website that ties it all together where FEMA is training local police
to be federalized for civil unrest, riots, civil war, mass casualty drills. I mean, they're
training for all out war. And the Army Times admits they're training for the military to be
used for gun confiscation. And there's Army manuals for gun confiscation and Army manuals
for FEMA camps and how to process us with the social security numbers. And all our articles
are up at infowars.com and prisonplanet.com with the links going directly to fema.gov and
army.mil. So if you're mainstream media or Congress people that listen to the show,
then a lot of them do. And you're saying, where is this? Just type in Army manual for gun
confiscation in US. Army manual for FEMA camps for Americans. FEMA manual for federalization
of police, urban warfare, preparations in America. It's all there. You can search those terms.
And you won't just have infowars.com at the top. Under it will be army.mil, fema.gov. It's all
right there. Click it, go read it. And we've written articles about this. And there'll be
trolls under the article saying, this isn't for America, move along. And then we show the social
security numbers, how it's for America, videos of their own website showing drills for confiscation
in America. It is for America. This is program LFFE of FEMA, 2013 field force extraction tactics.
That's grabbing people off the streets. That's snatch and grab. We saw him practicing on real
people up at the G20 when Rob Do got arrested. The famous footage of guys in military uniforms
with no patches jumping out of police sedans, unmarked, and just snatching innocent press
and dragging them in. And then we later learned, we said, that's US National Guard.
And we got a call from G20, global security, with that number, from the security forum,
because our articles got picked up everywhere and said, that is national security authorized private
security. And we just want you to know that we have been instructed to tell you that was not
the National Guard. And then they hung up on Rob Jacobson. They called his number. I call them
back and they go, you've been given your answer? And that is it, and hung up. And it was the field
security number. So I called other numbers and they wouldn't talk to us after that. They just
called up to say, that is our private security. And it turned out those weren't real people.
They were arresting thousands of real people for no reason. They were randomly snatching and
grabbing and throwing people into sedans and unmarked vans as a shy op to see what the media
would do. They would go to the media area, the authorized media throng, and grab someone.
And I called it. I said, that guy is laughing after he's thrown in the back of the police
car and doesn't look concerned, that reporter. Guys, for TV viewers, type in snatch and grab
Pittsburgh G20, and there's a bunch of footage of it on YouTube with millions of
views. Just type that and we can show viewers, but listeners can go look it up.
Then in Canada at the G20 a few years ago, they started doing it, but then they shifted live.
Some of it was real. And then they started grabbing real people. They went and grabbed
people in front of the media to see if the media would say anything. And then when they didn't,
they went live. I mean, they have got this scientifically broken down. Yep,
here they found some of the footage. Yep, boom, gold sedan pulls up. Men in US Army uniforms grab
them, cram them in the back of the vehicle. We noticed that one moment of smiling and giggling,
the guy's not really fighting him. Cuz he really would have fought him,
he'd have bounced his head off the ground like a bowling ball, or like a basketball with pleasure
and extreme prejudice. Anyways, there you go. That's not even one of the best res versions of
it. There's a better res one out there. There's a bunch of those. And then now the real black
vans show up and they grab real people. See, they tested, can we run a North Korean op?
And America said, we love North Korea. They said, we're gonna hammer your butt then.
And now in Austin, they go, you don't hand magazines out and you don't have a bumper sticker.
Until I came down there and said, I'm gonna sue you. And then the word came down from
R.A. Seveda. Now, Aaron called the police, got all the names, what happened, and told him,
don't do that, he can hand out magazines. But the point is,
I mean, what if I didn't know the police chief? I mean, in America, this is what we've become.
And it's like, big deal. You understand how creepy that is? You understand the magnitude?
This is their Waterloo. This is how it works. We either gain everything or we lose everything.
They're going for it all, we go for it all. You understand that?
If they can buy 2 billion bullets, 10,000 plus armored vehicles the last four years. I mean,
we've videoed them in Austin, big, giant, black, huge, heavy armor. These things can take heavy
rockets, heavy mines, IEDs, big, giant, black FEMA vehicles all over the country photographed.
You've seen them, I've seen them. Every major police department's got Korean War, Vietnam,
and then now even modern six-wheeled strikers, warriors, all these big vehicles that the
military is getting rid of. I mean, I've shot video, I could take you up to the DPS storage
yard north of Austin and show like nine of them lined up last time I was there.
I mean, these look like the thing on a Red Dawn the Soviets drive,
big six-wheeled deals. And they're just like, doesn't exist, doesn't exist, doesn't exist.
I mean, that's actually in the news every day. There are no armored vehicles, there are no
bullets. There's black helicopter drills all over the country where they blow up part of a building
and terrorize people and then go on the news and say does not exist. They've been doing that for
20 years. It can be in the Houston Chronicle that a Delta Force helicopter crashes, killing people,
a building blows up, and the local news said didn't happen.
Didn't happen in the Houston Chronicle, but Soldier of Fortune
got the photos and videos from locals and put stills of it in their magazine.
By the way, I've had the Colonel on before, we ought to get the head of Soldier of Fortune on
sometime, he's an interesting guy. The point is that this is the type of stuff, okay, I mean,
look, helicopters were crashing, blowing up, drills everywhere. And I start covering it,
the newspaper comes out and says I'm crazy. I mean, that is a shy op, ladies and gentlemen,
but here's the deal. If that was a one on a Richter scale in 1996, 97, 98, 99, when Clinton
was thinking about martial law and going into police stations all over the country, Delta Force
was, and saying, we may bring in martial law. Are you for that? And handing them giant briefcases
full of $100 and $1,000 bills. 150, 200,000, police chief, mayor, entire city council.
And when I interviewed Chief Alai Philippus, that's online, Alex Jones interviews,
San Antonio police chief. He'd been in the military, he'd been in Vietnam,
he'd been in army intelligence. He thought it was a setup to sting him or something.
And then he said no, obviously, and then found out most of the city took the money.
How does Delta Force take over, or how does Special Forces take over in Iraq? They bought
off almost all the Iraqi generals before using Nazi blitzkrieg tactics. You're like, blitzkrieg's
a lightning war, not buying people off. You don't know about the blitzkrieg, do you?
That's actually not true. The blitzkrieg began with a two year program to buy off almost the
entire French command and offer them dictatorship position out of the city of Vichy, Vichy, France.
And that's why Hitler defeated him so fast. Only the British fought a little bit,
and then ran to Dunkirk. See, this is all history. It's in the mainline history books,
you're just not taught it. So they're running a Nazi program, a blitzkrieg program,
so that everybody's bought off or they know who isn't bought off when they launch their attack.
And decapitate governors, legislatures, all of it. And you need to know when the helicopters are
hitting the local mayor, and they're hitting the local capital, and they're hitting the local
station, and they're hitting it, attacking it, and got miniguns out the windows saying terrorists
are in there, that's the takeover. And folks, those are gonna be UN troops in many cases
in those craft with collaborators who were so stupid or who were mercenaries and believe this
is part of the attack, and believe they're really killing terrorists. Okay, they've already done the
buying off, the paying off over 20 years. They believe they've got us, or they think they do.
So we either gain everything in this by learning of their sneak attack plan,
cuz I'm like a guy in France running around in 1939 going, they're gonna attack, they're gonna
attack. And there were people doing that. They're like shut up conspiracy theorists.
We either realize the attack, they lose everything in this, or they go hot.
And what will precipitate it? Something like a small atomic bomb going off that they'll blame
on us. Now I'm gonna break this down when we get back, how to defeat them.
If you don't wanna go under new world order control, totally. Well, stay with us.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans,
here is the Cal Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for
years. These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that
are earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free
catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs.
This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap
makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
And this month,
power up with a Goal Zero Sherpa 50 solar powered recharging kit at $110 off MSRP and we'll throw
in a free $50 Emergency Essentials gift card. The March sale ends March 31st at beprepared.com.
For contents and details, call Emergency Essentials at 800-999-1863 or click beprepared.com.
The choice is clear. Be unprepared or beprepared.com.
Ceramic body armor is rated to stop six hits. But what about the seventh? Unlike
ceramic or Kevlar, Infidel body armor is proven to take hit after hit and it just won't quit.
Reasonably priced and designed for the smart civilian preference.
Infidel stops hundreds of hits from small arms to high powered rifles.
That means safety and peace of mind. Buy yours at infidelbodyarmor.com.
Spelled I-N-F-I-D-E-L bodyarmor.com. Infidel body armor just won't quit.
We the people grow cotton, we fabric, engrave ink, embed strips and fibers to protect from
counterfeit then carting to a private bank, having a lead back at interest, forcing taxes to service
debt. This capitalism or was Jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing the public
currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than a standing army? Hi, Ted Anderson.
I'm placing a silver dollar in a book explains our monetary system. Call for your copy 800-686-2237.
It's time to understand the system. Call 800-686-2237. That's 800-686-2237.
Time and time again. You need to come here and help us. We need assistance. Please.
Those we should be able to depend on, let us down. Federal and state and local officials saying help
is on the way. Well, the folks here in Bell Harbor say show me. Don't depend on the government to
save you. Take action now so that you're prepared for the next disaster with mypatriotsupply.com.
Get the best prices on storeable food, non-GMO seeds, water filtration devices,
home canning equipment, survival and self-reliance books, and more at mypatriotsupply.com. Call
866-229-0927. We are hurting down here and we need help immediately before it's time to survive.
It's time to prepare. Mypatriotsupply.com. Mypatriotsupply.com.
By the way, I'm not kidding. When I get up here on the air and I break these things down,
this is what I really believe. And of course, we're gonna be criticized if we hold all this
back and we stop their other false flags. People are gonna say, why didn't they take over?
As they slowly take over with the highway checkpoints and the gun restrictions and say,
yeah, the NSA is spying on everything you do. That's back on the news today. I'd talk about
that a decade ago, 15 years ago, and literally be laughed at. I'd be called in the program
director's office and say, Alex, the government isn't listening to all our phone calls with
something called Echelon. This actually happened. Now, I'm getting calls about this and you're
making stuff up. And I'm like, no, no, no. Here it is. This ABC News reporter's broken it down
and it's really happening. And it's had all the phone companies, everything's wired through it.
And just Alex, you got a future, but you need to just stop making this stuff up. And by the way,
I've gotten some calls by the owners up in Scranton, Ohio, or whatever it was.
And they've had some heat put on them. They don't want any more talk about these urban
warfare drills, black helicopters and stuff, okay? Just kind of do your conservative thing
and drop it. And by the way, don't talk about my Marines ever again. I'm a Marine Corps veteran.
And it's unpatriotic for you to, cuz I've gone and shot footage of Marines trying to take guns.
And I said, I'm not against Marines, but they shouldn't be told to go do unconstitutional
things. Are you concerned? He goes, listen, I'm being nice to you. You're fired. You're fired if
you talk about it again. And I'm like, first he's being all smiley. He slaps his hand down and goes,
you're fired. You talk about them again. And if you talk about Bill Clinton,
or if you talk about Governor Bush, you're done.
In fact, I want you to talk about more about relationships. And I'm like, is this a joke?
He goes, I'm not joking with you. And I said, but I mean, I'm not saying the German soldiers
were bad at first. It was that they were being given bad orders. And he said, get out of my
office. And then a few months later, I had the BBC there with me coming to interview me.
And I walked in, it was during the day before my nighttime radio show. I had a show six days
a week by then because of high ratings. A lot of sponsorship, very successful, huge buzz.
National TV covering us all the time because the stories we were breaking.
And he walks up and smiles and he goes, get your stuff and get your butt out of here. You're fired.
And he just enjoyed it so much and just smiled at me. And
that's an example of all the minions in the system that don't even know why they're being
told something. He also in the talk said, they're really upset about Jay Leno talking about you.
And I said, what's wrong with that? Jay Leno talked about some of the reports I was doing.
Did it again recently. And I said, what's wrong with that? I said,
I got ratings, people are listening, I'm telling the truth.
And he said, look, you're fired if you don't shut up. And then a few months later said, I told you.
He's just smiling. He was just like, you're fired, get your stuff, your career's over.
And I said, I've already do a show out of my house that's bigger than this. They go,
oh yeah, your imaginary show. I was on like 10 stations at that time through a little
Patriot network that Ted Anderson was part of. I guess Ted had actually taken it over.
The point is, is that I don't know why I'm even getting off into this. It's just that
you come face to face with people that tell you you're not gonna talk about this.
Because it's powerful, ladies and gentlemen, that the military has been turned against us secretly
and is training to take our guns and that that's now public. That's woken the military up.
That's woken the veterans up. So the government's saying the veterans are the number one terrorist
in all their new reports that are public that we broke, but are now household stories.
I mean, think about that. The government runs Al-Qaeda and says they're good, but that the
new Al-Qaeda is veterans, gun owners, conservatives, libertarians, those that believe in a second
coming of Christ. This is all official. That's the bad guys. That's the bad guys. They're saying real
Americans are the terrorists. I mean, come on, this should completely backfire on them.
And it is backfiring. I'm gonna cover this when we come back.
Big Sis refuses to answer Congress on bullet purchases. This is linked upon
DrudgeReport.com on the left-hand side. Going viral everywhere right now, over 1,000 comments.
Now, expanding on that story, find it on DrudgeReport.com as it's rolled off our front page.
Click on that right there, please. Go ahead and click on that at DrudgeReport.com.
Good. M4 Wars is getting so much traffic, it's not even loading in there, okay.
Try it again. There you go. Big Sis refuses to answer Congress on bullet purchases. Now,
look at the update right there. 14 members of Congress demand investigation of Obama ammo hoard.
What did I say two weeks ago and last week? I said, if we hammer this and you call everybody
in Congress and you make a big deal out of this, this is gonna become a congressional hearing,
just like Fast and Furious. But this has really captured people's understanding and imagination.
We can defeat them with this. This can be their Watergate if you make it.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms. But if you don't have a home
security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out Simply Safe.
It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to GetSimplySafe.com. Simply Safe is independent and off the grid. It runs on
battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable,
so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit, or shed.
GetSimplySafe.com. Simply Safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under
20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate,
you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home, but Simply Safe
will stand guard, protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again,
that's GetSimplySafe.com. If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened
every day. If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better. You know
gas and food prices are skyrocketing. Now is the time to get prepared. For years, we've told you
about our friends at e Foods Direct. They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food on the
planet. This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long-term
food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from e Foods Direct. Right now is the best time to stock up
and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give yourself peace of mind
and be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com slash Alex. Get free
shipping on all orders for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go to efoodsdirect.com slash Alex.
You can bet your life on e Foods Direct. I had tried everything. I'd cut back the amount of food
I was eating. I was lifting weights and jogging, but nothing was working. My body was literally
starving for minerals and trace elements as well as key vitamins. And as soon as I had that,
I immediately could eat half of what I was eating previously and be satisfied. Now there are
hundreds of great products at info wars team.com, but I want to point out the three that have helped
me lose 37 pounds in just two months. Products like Beyond Tangy Tangerine, Holland Burst,
and Rebound. When I started taking the Tangy Tangerine and other products every day,
I lost more than 37 pounds in just two months. Now that's results. I want to challenge my listeners
to go to info wars team.com and to order just three of their products. And you will see the
changes in the way you look, feel, and in your appetite almost immediately. Start your journey
to health and wellness today. Info wars team.com. In the councils of government, we must guard
against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought by the military
industrial complex. In Dallas, Texas, three shots were fired at President Kennedy's motorcade in
downtown Dallas. The first reports say that President Kennedy has been seriously wounded
by this shooting. It is a big idea. A new world order.
It was almost as if it were a planned implosion. It just pancakes.
Either you were with us or you were with the terrorists.
But I also believe that a lot of gun owners would agree that
AK-47s belong in the hands of soldiers, not in the hands of criminals.
For many of the police and guard troops, it is an uncomfortable job to do this in an American
city. Global governance at last. Is it one world the central bank is in charge,
but aren't we all just living and dying for what the central banks do?
And for me, give me liberty or give me death!
Live from the InfoWars.com studios, it's Alex Jones.
All right, let me calmly go over the news here.
Let me just calmly go over the fact that we have globalist collaborators that have been financed,
run for office, put in power, placed for decades as they looted America,
as they took over pension funds and invested them in fraudulent derivatives to steal the money,
to wreck society, as they militarized police, as they had Hollywood condition us in every movie
I go see. There's police checkpoints on the highway, randomly searching everyone to condition
you. There's troops on the highway. We watch television, you watch dramas, sitcoms,
anti-family messages, anti-gun messages, on record paid for with your tax money. They pay
Fox, ABC, CBS, NBC, all of them, government, what they call behavior placement money.
I call it propaganda placement. They've been doing it for 60 years, but now
the budgets in some cases are 100 times what they were.
I mean, it is incredible. Bush spent something like $8 billion in media, in fake news,
just to get No Child Left Behind through, which was to federalize education. So conservative.
Remember just a quarter mill paid to that radio talk show host?
Remember that? What was his name? The black radio host and columnist, I've interviewed him before,
before that all happened. Quarter mill to have one conservative push it.
There was $8 billion spent, they had a congressional investigation, $8 billion.
$8 billion just to get one program passed. You're talking about money.
That's why you turn on any show. Call CPS, this woman's not giving her child vaccines.
She's putting cigarettes out on them to equate not taking shots and putting cigarettes out on them.
My wife goes, I'd like to watch some TV sometime, late at night when you're at work or
kids are asleep. Cuz I'd like to watch it when I'm on the stair stepper. She goes,
it's everything, every drama, every cop show, every medical shows, women love those.
She comes and goes, this one, that one, it's so incredible.
But the general public is just there basting and marinating up to their eyeballs and having no idea
and cops are all TV heads too. So when they pull you over, you got an NRA sticker,
they're like, what's that? What are you doing? Are you a terrorist?
I mean, this is what's going on. It is incredible mind control. And they've got people so disconnected
from reality, the central government run by offshore globalist publicly created Al-Qaeda.
You know, I put an article out yesterday about Obama runs Al-Qaeda.
He's the Chicheler head of it worldwide, we have all the proof in the article.
And I tweeted it, I saw the comments on the Twitter. And one guy was like, Alex,
you know, what, you have selective historical memory?
It was Reagan that helped create the Taliban and Al-Qaeda to fight the Russians. Our article says
that, it was actually Jimmy Carter and Zbigniew Brzezinski. But yeah, it's not about partisan,
it's about this is a long term program. The point is, it's never been so massively funded
with 10,000 heat seeking missiles plus that can shoot down aircraft given to Al-Qaeda.
And then they separately say, we've got to invade Syria cuz Assad's with Al-Qaeda.
Our government runs Al-Qaeda, attacks this innocent country, murdering people,
chopping Christians heads off, blowing up synagogues, churches and mosque.
They just blew up the biggest Sunni mosque there that supports the government and doesn't
support Al-Qaeda. That's Sunni out of Saudi Arabia. They just killed him and blew up a
bunch of people in the mosque. In fact, type in bombing in Syria. It just happened this morning.
And there's photos of just everybody splattered in one of the mosque.
They sent Al-Qaeda in, the Wahhabis, Sunnis, to blow up Sunnis.
And our media is hailing it. It was a victory against Assad, his number one Sunni backer dead.
And then I saw another article implying Assad did it. Was Assad have hand in it?
I mean, Mohammed Karzai on records, a total opium dealer,
UNICAL executive put in by the West. But even Bush, well, four or five years ago,
or I guess six years ago now, they're in a press conference. He goes, Bush is like,
we need to hit Iran. They're supporting Al-Qaeda in Afghanistan. And Karzai,
knowing this is gonna be broadcast all over the Middle East and Central Asia,
knowing how ridiculous that is, says, sir, your excellency, I apologize for correcting you,
but I must. Cuz I mean, it was like saying the Dallas Cowboys, the Washington Redskins.
I mean, it was that ridiculous. He goes, sir, respectfully, you can pull this up.
And he goes, sir, respectfully, Iran is our biggest ally against Al-Qaeda, sir. They are Shiite
sworn enemies of Al-Qaeda. And Bush is like, nope, you're incorrect. He goes, yes, sir.
Because I mean, over there, they are incredibly informed about this,
cuz they're all killing each other constantly. Shiite, Sunni, Alawites, all little subgroups,
the Zoroastrians, all of it. So it was just so ridiculous. But here it's like,
we've gotta attack Syria, they're with Al-Qaeda. And now we're told we've gotta
invade all of Africa with Afrikaans. Al-Qaeda's got Libya, isn't that horrible?
And it's newsflash, Al-Qaeda, Libya, striking US drones to deal with them. Our government put them
in. And then good old boys go, Alex, we're just funding the Arabs to kill each other.
That's how you get things done. I say the more of them are dead, the better.
The New World Order hates you a lot more than they hate the Arabs and the Muslims.
Good old boys, you are the number one terrorist. That's what they're training for,
is to take your gun and put you in a forced labor camp. Okay, they'd like to do that.
That's on record. So get that through your brain real good. And military and all you CIA people
and black ops folks, you're all gonna be killed later. You're gonna be long knifed,
night of the long knifes. You are the biggest chump idiots there are.
I mean, I've seen all these guys with their, the little goatees and the shaved heads and
walking around like they're all tough and evil. You're not evil, you're dead. And you're going
to hell. How's that losers? You're cozied up to Satan. Okay, take your shots, enjoy yourselves,
drink some fluoride, your whole family's cursed. Unless you hit your knees and repent to God,
you're pathetic. Real men would stand up for justice and stand up against evil and
stand up against the psyops. Believe me, when you go before God, he's gonna say, I know you not.
I know a lot of you though, you're into evil, aren't you? And you don't think there's a God,
do you? But deep down, you know there is. You know why you know there is?
Cuz you've got a personal relationship with Satan.
And so you know there's the other side of that equation, don't you?
Yeah, you know you're scared and you should be. You will be a lot more scared. So I suggest if
there's any humanity left in you and any touch of God left in your soul before the door is fully
closed to you, that you understand that you're fools and that you've been deceived. I mean,
you guys, they trained you to kill innocent Muslims over a million of them and trained
you to do all this evil. And most of them come home, get all drugged out, commit suicide,
they're so depressed about it. But the rest of you guys get off on it, and now the script is flipped
and you just like to kill people. You like to go out to Arizona to that former CIA pilot,
greets him and his kids. You're a real tough man cuz you can shoot little kids, I know.
You think that's a mark of your strength that you can shoot little kids in the head,
shoot little kids in the head. That's easy to do. You people, you like it. That's because you're
damned to hell. Not me, I'm not part of any of this and my soul is not in your end of the ball
field, okay? I just want that on record, not in my name, I'm not involved in this.
And everybody else better decide what side they're on. Everybody else better decide
what they're gonna stand with for eternity. Let me tell you something right now, folks,
stuff's gonna get real serious in this country and real serious worldwide real fast.
And if you're not right with God, I feel sorry for you.
Now most of the military's waking up, but they don't care. The globalists just throw you out,
list you as mentally ill, try to inject you with deadly shots when you go to the VA.
All their little frontline ponies get taken care of.
But I just want that clear to all of you out there that think you're winning. You're not winning,
nothing. You're 30 years old and serving the New World Order for a decade, think you're real tough,
think you're on the winning team. You're gonna be 60 before you know it.
And the shadows are gonna be creeping across the floor at midnight when you wake up.
You think I mean people coming to kill you? No, I mean the shadows that really matter.
When the grim reaper comes for your soul, that's what I'm talking about.
A skinny one. Hope you get ready. All right, ladies and gentlemen, let's continue here.
Oh, let's go over the news. I said I'd do it. Here, let's go over how we can defeat these people,
okay? They have miscalculated and their giant arms build up against us.
And they don't mind some of that leaking out as they think it scares people in the know.
But people in the know now understand there's nothing left if we don't stop this. So
you better be scared of not doing anything. You better be scared of waiting for them to come for
you. You better be scared waiting for them to shut off our power plants and shut down the last of our
jobs and put tens of millions more people on welfare to be dependent on their system.
To vote out our guns, to vote out our families, to vote in forced inoculations,
to vote in total tyranny. And the government tracking everything you eat and sleep and do.
Look at this headline. Police departments beg and barter for ammo while DHS buys up
1.6 billion rounds in the past year. CNS news. Now I thought that didn't exist. And now you've
got AP and Reuters, everybody having to admit the bullets. Doesn't that hurt the system?
Saying the last year there were no bullets, there were no armored vehicles.
By the way, everybody's going off old numbers. It's over 2 billion, it's been over 2 billion
for at least two months, okay? There's your facts, okay? And yes, they're doing it to
hoard bullets and drive up prices. I mean, they're going to companies and saying,
whatever you can make, no matter how much you scale up in the next two years, we're buying it.
They've taken delivery of a billion, they got another billion being made.
And that's why you can't get the 308, the 223, the 40, the 9 millimeter, all the things they use.
So now they bought all that up where you can't get it, literally can't get it in most areas.
So now they're making orders for hundreds of millions of weird ammos, weird calibers.
If they can't ban your guns, they're going to ban your bullets. I mean,
this is what they're doing. I mean, you can watch,
hey, I got a little newsflash for you, a bunch of globalists.
Checkmate, if you think you got to get the bullets to move on us, we already knew you
were coming before you did this. We already got bullets, we already got guns.
And again, you're like, well, do you want to have an offensive attack? Absolutely not.
My point is they're going to start stuff, okay, out of desperation. That's why we don't want to
shoot first. I don't want the shooting to ever happen. I want to try to reach out to people in
government, corporate systems, everywhere and say, hey guys, I know you're all on power trips
thinking you can't be stopped. Do you really want to go down this road? Do you really trust the
people above you? Do you really think getting rid of checks and balances is a good idea?
Do you really think butchering the whole bill of rights, the constitution,
is going to empower you as the government grows? You're crazy. Once they take over,
they're going to shrink the size of the general government, as they always do.
And you are going to be fired and you're going to be listed as terrorists. And the guys that
have done really dirty stuff, you're going to prison if you're lucky. You're going to be killed.
Hell, they even may have a fake revolution where patriots take over and then purge you.
I will oppose that without due process. I do think there should be Nuremberg trials
for all you guys just for what you planned if we beat you.
But if you say you're gonna give people the death penalty, they fight a lot harder. I mean,
you know, for those that have done lesser things, you can leave. Just like we did in 17,
you know, at the end of the war, 1776, what, four, five, six years later?
And then those of you that have committed the actual crimes and stuff, you need to go to prison.
We'll release all the potheads out of the jails and all the drug offense people that
you sold drugs to, and then we'll put you in there and let you bust some rocks for a while.
But I don't have that in a vindictive way. You need to be locked up, because let me tell you,
you don't lock these people up. They're gonna regroup and come back at us,
so they've got to be locked up, but they've got to have trials.
They've all got to have trials with juries, but you're all going to prison,
and you need to go to prison. And again, I would say let you leave, but you can't be trusted.
I'd like to end this as peacefully as possible, but people have to think big and realize we can
beat them first and realize they have outrageously overreached. Look, I told you last week and week
before last, in shows just foaming at the mouth, because I realized how important this was.
Remember when I called in from the beach when I was off for a week, and it was Mike Adams and
Aaron Dykes filling in, and I said, I have a plan to defeat them, we can defeat them.
They're scared of this bullet story, that's why they've got 20 or so stories a day saying
it doesn't exist, and saying Sarah Palin's insane, and Matt Drudge is insane, and Alex Jones is
insane, and none of this exists. Why did Sarah Palin cover it? Because she knows they're scared
of it. Look, whatever they're scared of, folks, is where we can get them, because when it comes out,
it's in the army manuals. It's all public, they're trying to take our guns,
and all the NRA has got to do is bring this out. They're always saying, don't be radical,
don't be like Alex Jones, the kook, because I've got the winning game plan, which is just reality.
Going all the way, admitting these are bad people. Listen, they denied Fast and Furious for two years
until it all came out. Congress is so scared of them, and so blackmailed, they backed off,
but it at least came out. They did stage that to blame the Second Amendment.
And that's an important thing, because now people know they staged stuff.
But on this thing, this has really captured people's imagination.
And now up at infoawars.com, link throughout the Drudge Report, we've updated that story.
Big Sis refuses to answer Congress on bullet purchases, DHS staying mama's members probe
for explanations. Now 14 members, it was two last week, now it's 14 this week.
It'll be 30 something next week. I told you exactly this, and you did it. You got the articles,
you got them out, you called Congress. And I hope you know what I'm doing right now is,
if anything gets me killed, it's this, okay? I mean, I'm really going after them.
I know how to beat them, okay? They're a bunch of collaborators like the Vici French with the Nazis
before the takeover. And if you don't call them out all the way, it's over. Right here,
I'm calling them out, right here. Obama now global head of Al-Qaeda, you see that?
You see this right here? Will President order drone strikes on White House?
People go, that is outrageous. It is, it's outrageous he heads Al-Qaeda
while saying they're fighting Al-Qaeda. I'm pointing it out that it shows the insanity of
this. They think you're an idiot, get out of your trance. Let me tell you something,
we need to have congressional hearings about the army manuals for gun confiscation,
the army manuals for reeducation camps. It says reeducation camp in the document.
We need to force all this out, and then they won't blow up a city and blame it on us,
and bring in martial law. We got to block them.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day.
If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better. You know gas and food
prices are skyrocketing. Now is the time to get prepared. For years, we've told you about our
friends at E Foods Direct. They have the best tasting long-term storable food on the planet.
This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long-term food supply
allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from E Foods Direct. Right now is the best time to stock up
and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give yourself peace of mind.
And be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com slash alex. Get free
shipping on all orders for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go to efoodsdirect.com slash alex.
You can bet your life on E Foods Direct. Weakened by GMOs, stressed out about money,
and blasted by the electric environment. Hi, I'm Pastor Ginny and that was the state I was in back
in 2010. Then I learned about RNA drops. I learned that 97 percent of my DNA that scientists have
called junk is actually packed with millions of gene switches that play a critical role in
controlling how my cells, organs, and other tissues behave. I learned I don't have to put up with
disease decay or decline like I'd been conditioned to believe. I began taking RNA drops, a 100 percent
natural formula designed to turn on those switches and provide me with amazing health and joy. Learn
more about RNA drops and order a free sample today. Visit rnafreesample.com. That's rnafreesample.com
or call toll free 888-577-3703. Pay only shipping and handling for a free 30-day supply of RNA drops.
Get the information you need and the health you want at rnafreesample.com.
1.7 cents per gallon. Berkey water filters purify treated and untreated water, even stagnant pond
water. Stop and think how much money you could save by simply reducing buying bottled water
and using water filtered by your Berkey water filter. No need to be constantly replacing
expensive filters with a Berkey. A single set of filters can last for five to ten years. Choose the
best size Berkey for your needs at bigberkywaterfilters.com. And right now all GCN listeners
get five percent off all ceramic filter systems. Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY. That's 877-99-BER-KEY
or visit bigberkywaterfilters.com. Free shipping on every order over fifty dollars.
Big Berkey water filters for the love of clean water.
You know I consciously talk about how they could kill me or set me up when I cover this stuff
because I know history. I have a real handle on things and I've been physically attacked and told
to shut up before. I've had you know gotten phone calls my wife has where they're listening and they
tell you what you were just talking about. They do it when you're having a family crisis
which means they're listening all the time. I mean I know how real this is. That's why I challenge
you to come out and start fighting them. You will experience it at a low level and then really know
how much trouble we're in. You don't really know about the vampires till you start going under the
castle. And you know now to use that figurative analogy the vampires are coming out folks.
They're coming out during the daytime and we need to really understand this is not just politics as
usual corrupt politicians. Okay it'll be all right. They're making preparations to bring
this country into total collapse and they killed Breitbart. Okay I know they killed him because
they announced within 45 minutes of him being at the hospital that it was not foul play.
I mean that's a telltale sign right there. They didn't have the coroner report for like a month
after but they said it was you know he just out of the thing and you know we know 45 minutes after.
I mean that's totally illegal what they did. There's medical examiner laws and then you look
at the big announcement he was going to make and all the stuff that was going to come out and then
nothing ever came out. It scared everybody over there. Look but see here's the deal if I give
into that fear they're going to win and I'm thinking about it. Do I want to let them win
all the bad stuff they're doing what they have planned for humanity. It is an honor
to not play it safe and go all the way. I mean it is really what I was meant to do as a human
and it's what you're meant to do and I want
to salute all of you out there
who have stood up against evil as well. It's just that I realize that because I've tested
this I've seen this we're able to do this whenever we're able to push a TSA story out of the front.
We're able to push a bullet story out of the front. We're able to push a gun confiscation
report out of the front and make it become the debate and really hurt the system because they
need to be able to get all this ready and then roll it out after the crisis after what they stage.
They can't have me here telling you the magic trick before it happens
and I need your prayers. I mean I'm going to be honest with you because we are effective.
I mean we have the White House responding to us routinely. We have their surrogates
media matters which has a liberal cover is a very vicious intelligence operation.
A disinformation operation whose own memos admit they want to infiltrate alternative
media and bring it down. I mean I'm dealing with all sorts of infiltrator groups
and this isn't a game. I mean I'm in the Southern Poverty Law Center's top report
as a terrorist leader. Here it is right here and they say we are the new terrorist.
We are the new big enemy. Show people a document cam shot of that where they draw me to look like
a demon. This is the type of garbage. This is the type of garbage that we're dealing
with and so I'm just telling you listen this is not entertainment. This is not a game
and I'm pushing it. I'm pushing it on purpose. I don't want to be destroyed by the new world
order but if that happens it's in God's plan. If they kill me with a heart attack, if they
kill me with drugs, I don't do illegal drugs, don't like them by the way. If they set me up
whatever it's all made up okay. I just want that on record but it doesn't matter what I've shown
you and what we've covered here that can defeat them. You know what to do and they can't get us
all. That's why it's so great to know there's Mike Adams and people like Matt Drudge. I'm
talking about people that are actually actively hard charging. There's people
out there. I mean who else can you really say though that's I mean really prominent and gets it.
Um a lot of people pop my head after we go to break but there's only a few dozen people
that really get it and go all the way. You see other people just going a third of the way and
they know behind the scenes but they're scared and so they just play along. Well we're gonna
lose everything if you people act like cowards. This is GCN the Genesis Communications Radio
Network. Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system portable on the go.
No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that
cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing
technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media
for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one
that does it and out of the gates we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides,
chloramines, ammonia and chlorine. Hydrofluorosolic acid the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with a
new Pro One filters today at infowarstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139. Waging war on corruption.
Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Ladies and gentlemen for about 45 minutes of the next hour we're going to be joined by Dr. Paul
Craig Roberts. We're going to go to him in the next segment so that all the stations can hear.
We have to say some stations don't care this little five-minute no man's land. I know XM
has joined us on 166. Just recapping, the Alice in Wonderland world we've entered,
there's a lot of reasons I want to get the former head of policy that they have the
treasuring on. I want to get his take on the Cypriot situation, the different ways they
rob us here, where he sees the financial system. And then I want to get into the false reality,
which is getting crazier where they say there are no drones, but there are drones. There are
no bullets, but there are bullets. There are no armored vehicles, but there are armored vehicles.
And I see it backfiring on them. And is there any way out of this? I mean, is it a good thing Rand
Paul filibustered to get answers? We're going to put an article out calling for Rand Paul to
filibuster on the bullet subject. We've put a lot of people out there who are going to
filibuster on the bullet subject. We've pushed, and now it's 14 members of Congress are demanding
to know about the ammo purchases and big sis has said no, so that's going to come to a head.
I mean, look, if we just all start standing up together, getting past our fear, we have
a future. I mean, if any common sense is left out there, groveling brings the wolves.
I even read about a few times a year people get eaten by coyotes now inside major cities
of cities. Never used to happen, cuz coyotes need to be scared of humans. Now, it's almost always a
small woman. She gets scared, she runs, women have been taught for movies to fall down.
Cuz you always do that when Jason's coming after you, you run and you fall down and then you beg.
So that's what's been reported. People run and then it's so much fun because they were taught,
they fall down and then the coyotes come and they just roll around while the coyotes eat them.
I mean, if you went, the coyotes would run in fear. The only thing that will still eat you
if you charge it is a grizzly bear or a polar bear. I mean, even elephants most of the time,
unless they've got babies, will back off if you act like you're the king of the hill.
Cuz they think you got an elephant gun. All they know is those things can knock me down.
But I mean, people think if I roll over and just beg to be gang raped by government,
that will protect me. Ladies and gentlemen, if you go out in the middle of the field and
play the sounds of dying rabbits, that's how you call in coyotes to kill them.
We've done it when they're eating sheep and stuff. The point is, I got family that farms
and ranches. They didn't really have sheep, our neighbors did. So you go out on a coyote hunt with
them and you play audio tapes. I remember reel to reel when I was a kid and they were out there
playing them of the squealing, dying rabbits. And in come the coyotes and you put spotlights
on them and shoot them. But the point is, is that if you went on the field and played those,
then when the coyotes came over, if you got on your back and went, no, please, they would bite
your genitals off first. And then if you'd laid there, they would eat your guts out first while
you're living. That's their favorite snack. Of course, if you just stood up, they'd run in fear.
But you won't do that. You will lay down to the government and beg them to rip your guts out.
You will hand them their children figuratively to rip their intestines out as a sacrament of
weakness. And it is because of that sacrament of weakness that you will be destroyed.
Excuse me, we're gonna go to break and come back with Dr. Paul Craig Roberts.
But I'm sick of it. And I'm launching operations, as you've seen and others are, on the bullet
issue. And we are forcing them to cover it and lie about it and bleed out in front of us.
Now, we're not fighting coyotes, folks. These people, if I can get other people to charge,
we can beat them. If we don't, it's the Vici French model. They've already bought off local
towns, counties, cities, states. The blitzkrieg wasn't really a blitzkrieg, it was all a lie.
95% or more of the French military stood down because they'd been bought off. And then the
traitor, Vici government. It's how Hitler, two days after it was over, took it like a week and
a half. Dunkirk took a few more weeks down at the coast, went and toured Paris. How did he
tour Paris? If Hitler conquered Texas and paraded through Austin, I'd be driving down there.
But see, the police were saluting him and on the radio saying, do what he says, he's gonna help us.
That's never taught in the history books. It's in the back of the history books, but it's not
in the pop culture history. It's not on History Channel. They don't want you to know that.
That's the globalist plan, a soft takeover, okay? The lightning war was just the stage.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial law
have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result,
millions are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical
emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against
bacteria, viruses, moles, and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver has over
500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it the number one choice of preppers
across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to
SupernaturalSilver.com. Use the promo code prepared for 20% off your entire order and like us on
Facebook. If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the
Cal Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth-friendly and safe. See them on the web at FiveStarSoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free
catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs.
This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap
makes you feel. See them on the web at FiveStarSoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free
catalog. You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms. But if you don't have a home
security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to GetSimplySafe.com. SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power so even
if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable so you can use it in
your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit, or shed. GetSimplySafe.com. SimpliSafe is also
ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger into
your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property 24 hours a
day, seven days a week. Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com.
Big Brother. Mainstream media. Government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Well, many financial publications have called him one of the top 10 economists living out there.
Been the editor of the Wall Street Journal, the head of policy at the Department of the Treasury,
the father of Reaganomics, Dr. Paul Craig-Roberts joins us. Dr. Paul Craig-Roberts.org or
Paul Craig-Roberts.org is his website. He's also a research fellow at the Cato Institute and the
Hoover Institute. And I'm just gonna stop there because his bio is too long. I wanted to get him
on, obviously, about what's happening with the looting of the bank accounts, shock therapy,
the insane wars. And a great article he wrote, as a syndicated columnist, dealing with it can
happen here. And I would add, it has happened here. And so he joins us to cover all of this
information here today. Doc, good to have you on with us.
Doc, what's happening? Yeah, we've lost his audio, of course. Dr. Roberts,
what is happening in the world economy right now?
Are we live, Alex? Yes, sir, we're live.
Well, what's happening is that the handful of rich elites around the world are continuing to
steal everything from everybody else. And the middle class in every country is
disappearing. And the lower class is being pushed lower. And everyone pretends
there's some kind of recovery and there's gonna be a happy tomorrow and all that sort of thing.
Where do you expect this to go, what we see unfolding right now in Europe?
Well, I would imagine that the members of the parliament or whatever it's called in Cyprus will
have all their arms twisted and will be told that very dire things will happen unless they
give the okay to allowing a certain percentage of private depositors accounts to be seized and
given to the banks. If they hold out against this, they will prove to be stronger than,
for example, the United States Congress. When the secretary of treasury told them that they would be
martial law if they didn't approve this, they'll turn out to be stronger than the Greek parliament,
which also accepted the dictates from the banks. And if they do refuse to go along with it, then
it's a hopeful sign. It might strengthen resolve in other countries like Italy and Spain.
Now, if it goes through, of course, it tells people that their private property in banks
may not be safe in any other country that has similar problems or bankers strong enough
to claim their property. In the United States, of course, the Fed has an alternative measure
instead of seizing people's bank accounts and giving them to Goldman Sachs and JP Morgan and
so on. It simply prints money and gives the money to the banks. That's right. But you see,
the individual countries that make up the European Union and, of course, Cyprus is part of that,
those countries do not have independent central banks that can print the money to give to the
bankers. And the European Central Bank is prohibited by its charter from doing that,
but nevertheless has done some of it, but has run up against opposition from Germany,
which still remembers the Weimar Republic, the inflation, and is just sort of fundamentally
opposed to printing money. And so the Germans have put some sort of restraint on how much money
the ECB, the European Central Bank can print. And therefore, there's not enough printed to satisfy
the bankers and so they're resorted to stealing. Let me ask you this question. We always see
Germany as a nation being blamed for this. When the way I look at the European Central Bank and
the parties that are there, it is foreign mega banks, the big six that are using it as a system
to guarantee all their derivatives debts while blaming the nation states and then blaming Germany
as the group conquering the countries financially when Germany is actually having to put the money
up and the German people don't want to do it. Is Germany to a great extent being scapegoated
in all this and who are the real culprits? Well, I think the real culprits, well, of course,
what you say is correct. The authorities in the United States are concerned that the
so-called guarantees issued by American banks against sovereign debt would be called if there
were defaults. And so the United States, of course, is lined up with the European bailout
scheme, which extracts the resources out of the populations. And so that's true. Now,
I don't know that Germany is being blamed and I wasn't blaming Germany. I was just saying that
the Germans are as comfortable about printing money as a lot of other countries are. And
we're putting some sort of brakes on it. Basically, what is going on, in my opinion,
is that the European Union, the bureaucracy that comprises the EU is using the crisis
to subvert the independence of the individual sovereign states that make up the EU. So the real
villain here is the EU bureaucracy in Brussels and the European Central Bank, which is in line
with them, and they're making a power play to simply take over the budgets and the
authoritative economic decisions of the individual countries.
Sure, it's a takeover. So what does this, as an economist, someone who's worked the highest levels
of government, what does it signify? The aggressive standing, things going into high gear,
the announcements that the NSA is spying on all of us, the announcements that domestic groups
are the new terror threat, the two billion bullets, the starting fights with everybody,
North Korea now threatening. I mean, I've studied history, you've studied history.
You've taught it and taught trends at major think tanks. Where do you really think it's
going? Or am I wrong in saying it seems we've sped up from maybe 80 miles an hour on the road
to tyranny to 120? I think it's speeding up.
Clearly, governments are worried about the response of populations who are being
usurped and made to turn over their limited resources to rich bankers or to the elite.
And that, of course, is the second villain in the process. The point that's being established
in this European crisis is that if banks or financial institutions make mistakes,
then it's the responsibility of the citizens of the country to make those mistakes good for the
banks so that the banks don't fail. And so the rich and the shareholders of the banks
don't lose their wealth or money. And back when you were on in 2008,
the media had to admit we were backing them up, bailing them out. But since then, they've spun it
where it's our fault. The average American like myself paying over 60% taxes, that's not enough.
I'm greedy, I'm bad. And we're in all this debt because, like the head of the IMF said,
we're not working six, seven days a week. I mean, this is wild.
It is. And so we have the two villains established. And we have also established
the fact, I think, that governments are concerned about the response of people.
And in the United States, it looks like that they're acting far in advance of any signs
among the population of any kind of resistance. Sure.
So you're right. We now have no civil liberties. It's up to the president whether we have them or
don't have them as individuals. Apparently, the Department of Homeland Security has shifted its
attention away from so-called terrorism toward domestic extremists, which appears to be
essentially those who disagree with the government. And we see the militarization
of homeland security, of all the local and state police forces. We see constant invasions of
privacy, all kinds of spying that's strictly against the Constitution. And it continues and
it deepens. We also have these reports of detainment centers or camps built around the
country with congressional appropriations. So clearly, they are acting to be in a position
to control the population in the event that there's some sort of economic or social breakdown
in the United States. That's right. When we come back, I want to
ask about ways to get out of this, ideas for the population to try to change the debate
and point out what's happening. And I also want to talk about the Dallas head of the
Fed and the Kansas City head of the Fed have both recently come out and said, this is crony
capitalism. This is going to destroy our future. So is that a positive sign to hear them agreeing
with you, Dr. Roberts? So we'll come back after the break and talk about that. I mean,
I'm trying to find some silver linings here. But folks, denying this is what's gotten us
into this trouble, producing pro wine, all of your filtration in one system portable
on the go. No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You
have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid.
Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one
filter element. It is the only one that does it and out of the gates. We have a discounted
at 10% off with promo code water. This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or
remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid,
the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium
hexafluorosilicate. Get your pro pure with a new pro one filter today at info war store.com
or by calling 888-253-3139. Hello, this is Ty Bollinger, author of the best selling book
cancer step outside the box. I want you to know some very important information. In 1985,
President Ronald Reagan requested that carnivore be sent directly to the White House at a time
when only the President could obtain this world class healer. Now, 27 years later,
carnivore capsules are used around the world to keep people healthy. Now you can protect yourself
and your loved ones in this age of superbugs with 17 naturally occurring compounds that
instinctively respond to abnormal cells only without harming a single normal cell. If you
want to stay healthy, now's your chance to literally wake up your critical immune cells
to attack harmful invaders that don't belong in your body. Call 1-866-Venus-Fly or order
from carnivora.com. That's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A.com. That's 1-866-836-8735, 1-866-Venus-Fly or visit
carnivora.com. Protect your immune system. It's the only one you've got. Now there's an amazing
new natural antibiotic every person must have. It's cells alive silver solution and it destroys
over 650 hard to kill viruses, fungus, bacteria and much more. Cells alive silver solution has
no expiration date, is great for emergency kits and storage shelters and comes in 8 or 16 ounce
bottles. Order today at 888-910-4367 or visit hempusa.org. Hempusa.org, 100% chemical free
superfoods and unique health products. We the people grow cotton, wheat fabric,
engraving embed strips and fibers to protect from counterfeit then carting to a private bank having
it led back at interest forcing taxes to service debt. This capitalism or was Jefferson correct
when stating a central bank issuing the public currency is a greater menace to the liberties of
the people than a standing army. Hi, Ted Anderson. I'm placing a free silver dollar in a book that
explains our monetary system. Call for your copy, 800-686-2237. It's time to understand the system.
Call 800-686-2237. That's 800-686-2237. We travel so much and having a fake TV,
well, it gives added peace of mind. Burglars look for houses that appear to be easy targets,
but fake TV can fool even professional burglars into thinking someone is home watching television.
As a recent widow living alone, it gives me great peace of mind to set my fake TV near a window
and know that passing motorists and pedestrians will think someone is home watching TV
when I'm actually away from home. Fake TV easily plugs into any outlet and they're so easy to use.
You just plug them in and they're ready to go. Plus, they're so affordable that we have one
upstairs and downstairs. Fake TV is only $29.95 with free shipping.
Order your fake TV by calling 877-532-5388 or go to faketv.com. That's 877-532-5388 or
faketv.com. Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
Okay, Alex Jones here back live. Dr. Roberts is with us for about 45 after today and then
I'll cover a lot of the big news that's unfolding on the economy and the entire police state.
14 members of Congress are now demanding Homeland Security answer their letters and questions about
the 2 billion rounds of bullets, the armored vehicles, the domestic checkpoints. The TSA is
now making people that are double amputees basically crawl across the floor and take
their prosthetic legs off. I mean, it's just, but then Saudi Arabians are exempt from the searches.
I mean, that's mainstream news. It's just all about we're the terrorists. As we predicted they
would do, they fully are flipping it now. But here was the question I was asking before the break
for Dr. Paul Craig Roberts who joins us. Feds Fisher, too big to fail banks are crony
capitalists, that's Reuters. And he goes on there to break down the fact that they are
practitioners of crony capitalism and they need to be broken up and that it's gonna destroy our
future if we don't stop them. But again, they hold us hostage and threaten to bring us into
total collapse, as you pointed out, Dr. Roberts, if we don't give into them, but then we give in
and things only get worse. And then their exit strategy, I guess, is martial law authoritarianism,
but I don't think they're gonna get away with it. I think they're crazy, Dr. Roberts.
Well, Alex, I don't think we count. And it's very good that two members of the Federal Reserve have
spoken out. But it was the deregulation that produced crony capitalism. It was the deregulation
that allowed the banks to consolidate and purchase other banks and become
too big to fail. And it's also the case that the Secretary of Treasury,
the financial regulatory agencies, and the Federal Reserve itself is run by former
CEOs of these big banks or by their proteges. And so the banks have control of the economic policy,
not us. And so they're clearly going to use that power in their benefit, not in our benefit.
Now, one problem that the Federal Reserve faces in its policy of supporting the banks at all costs
is that we now have three massive bubbles. We have a bond market bubble
in which bond prices are so high that real interest rates are negative.
In a situation in which the Fed is printing more than $1 trillion new dollars every year,
and the government is issuing more than $1 trillion in new debt every year. Well, that makes
no sense to have negative interest rates on bonds when you have massive debt monetization.
So the bond market bubble is probably the biggest bubble in history. We also have a stock market
bubble. All of the money that the Federal Reserve is pumping into the banks is not going out in
loans. It's going into speculation on stock market futures in various derivatives based
on these futures, and that's bid up the stock market. It's not based on demand for products
or retail sales. Retail sales have gone nowhere for years, not real retail sales. And so we have
a huge stock market bubble that's based on Fed pouring liquidity into the banks and the banks
using it to speculate in stock. So bottom line, the real economy is imploding and rotting away
and being consolidated into the controlled economy that only a very few benefit from
and I guess maybe Fisher and others are now criticizing the system because they don't want
to be blamed for it. I mean, is this out of fear that they realize? I think what it is is that,
well, it could just be they have some independence of mind and some integrity. On the other hand,
the Fed now has a huge problem because the third bubble is the dollar itself.
Sure. So it's the stock market, the bonds and the dollar.
So the Fed can support bond prices by buying bonds. It can support stock prices by having
the banks buy stock futures. But if the dollar gets in trouble, it can't support the dollar,
except by raising interest rates, which would collapse the bond and stock market.
So the problem for the Fed is it keeps monetizing huge sums of debt, creating dollars at a far
faster rate. The supply of dollars is growing faster rate than the demand for dollars. And
therefore the dollar exchange rate is unstable. We got to go to break. I can tell you're getting
to the key here. We're going to come back and get to that on the other side. Stay with us.
Dr. Paul Gregg Roberts is our guest. I'm Alex Jones. We're on the march. The Empire's on the run.
Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
If you're listening, you know, your basic freedoms are being threatened every day.
If you're listening, you know, the economy is not getting better. You know, gas and food prices are
skyrocketing. Now is the time to get prepared. For years, we've told you about our friends at
E Foods Direct. They have the best tasting long-term storable food on the planet. This
food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long-term food supply allows
you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most. Be prepared and get
your supply from E Foods Direct. Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars
with free shipping on all food supplies. Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared. Act now
and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com slash Alex. Get free shipping on all orders for
a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go to efoodsdirect.com slash Alex. You can bet your life
on E Foods Direct. Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to
support our immunity and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing
a full selection of silver-based products. Our most popular silver-based products are the 32-ounce
nano silver solutions, our 2-ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well as our all-natural
silver soaps. Just released is our 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver gel is not based on
synthetic gelling agents which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface, but rather
we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera
to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more effectively.
Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver-based products are best
for you. That's www.silverlungs.com. Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system,
portable on the go. No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolicic
acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element.
It is the only one that does it and out of the gates we have it discounted at 10% off with promo
code water. This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides,
chloramines, ammonia, and chlorine. Hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride
not covered by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro
Pure with the new Pro One filters today at infowarskstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
We now take you live to the Central Texas Command Center
in the heart of the resistance. You're listening to the Alex Jones Show.
Dr. Paul Craig Roberts is one of the most successful economists in modern history. I mean,
he's gotten a lot of his ideas implemented, caused some of the biggest booms and true expansion of
the middle class that we've seen. In fact, the only expansion of real wealth that we've seen
since the 60s. From my research, we've been going downhill since the 60s except for a time during
the 80s with Dr. Roberts policies that have been misconstrued and demonized by the media.
You cut taxes, more money comes in on average. The problem is they didn't then really cut budgets
though because the bankers don't want you to get out of that. So we're gonna break that down with
him and have him recap and finish up the fact that there's no way out of this. We just don't know
how it's going to implode or when it's going to implode, but the establishment is certainly
getting ready for it. Briefly, remember, this broadcast is listener supported.
I try to sell and promote at infowarstore.com, the very best products. I have a crew of right
at 50 people pushing us up into Obamacare land. And we are just doing so much good work, as you
know, all the incredible guests. So remember, when you buy at infowarstore.com, you are shopping with
the Patriots, shopping with the truth, shopping with getting the word out in the war for liberty.
So it's like war bonds, whether it's anti-globalist pro second amendment t-shirts
or infowars.com camo hats or propure water filters with the pro one systems discounted
with the promo code water, the lowest price anywhere. We already have the lowest price.
It's below the lowest price. I mean, it's way below with the 10% off promo code. I love their
traveler unit. That's my favorite for the price as well. Infowarstore.com and also be sure and
click on all our sponsors at prisonplanet.com and infowars.com. And be sure and support our
AM and FM affiliate sponsors. Support those local sponsors. Let them know why you're supporting
them. Become a sponsor of your local business, even if it's small. That's how we're getting on
more stations. Plus the ratings bring them, but it's gotta have sponsorship. Let XM know that
you've got an XM subscription because I'm on XM 166. Tell them you want the Sunday show picked up.
You need to take action. You've been demanding the bullet story be covered. Now, 14 Congress
people are calling for an investigation. It'll be 30 next week. Watch, it'll be 30 next week,
maybe 30 tomorrow. Well, I guess next week will be Monday when they're back. I mean, I know how
to beat these people. I've studied history, but you've got to take action. When you move,
it's our only hope. And lastly, support alternative media like paulcraigroberts.org
where his amazing column, sometimes he writes every day, sometimes once a week. It's really
invaluable insight from somebody that's been on the inside. And of course, E Foods Direct is
offering free shipping on all of their incredible high quality, storeable foods. That's who I chose
first. And I bought a bunch of places and they were the best for the price and the quality.
So I've had them as a sponsor the last six years. Efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex. They've got
a free meal plan, six free meals and a meal planning DVD, CD, free. It's free when you
give them a call, 800-409-5633. Take that first step. The security of having firearms and storeable
foods is a bare minimum. Efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex or link through on the banners
at infowars.com or 800-409-5633. And they only do this once a year. They always do it March.
I haven't been plugging it. Just so you know, they do it every March, free shipping. And they
don't just raise prices and then give you free shipping. It's same prices, very low prices,
then free shipping. On storeable food, folks, that's a big part of the cost. They lose like
half their profit doing that. That is an incredible deal. And it ends in just a few days, 800-409-5633.
Okay, enough of me going back to Dr. Paul Craig Roberts. Recap the three bubbles and then where
you see this leading, how long it'll be, how they can prop it up. Can they pull more rabbits out of
their hats? Go ahead. Sure. Okay, look, all of this is also available in my latest book, which
became available in English this month as an ebook. You can get it from amazon.com, Barnes
and Noble. In English, it's ebook only, unless you're German or Chinese, there's no print version.
But the book explains exactly what the problem is, how we got into it, and why we're unlikely to get
out of it. And it's easy to read. And it's empirical-based. It's not contingent. It's fact.
Now, to get back to- And of course, the title, sir, the title is The Failure of Laissez-Faire
Capitalism. That's right. It's The Failure of Laissez-Faire Capitalism and Economic
Dissolution of the West. And it's well underway. I mean, you know, the structure is already
rotted out. The manufacturing capability of the United States is gone. It's moved offshore.
And with it, as I also said, would be the case. And as 20 professors at MIT
validated recently, when you lose the ability to make things, you also lose the ability to invent
things. So you lose the innovation when you lose manufacturing. Now, let's stop right there and
toot your horn. Not to toot your horn so people know that this isn't a joke what they're hearing.
You have been beating the drum for more than a decade that deindustrialization,
that it will never come back. Now China and others have it. And now MIT, basically the DARPA heads,
that's the head of this whole military industrial complex, finally are panicking, saying,
we've chopped our legs off. I mean, this is insanity. And they're now absolutely concurring
with you. That's right. And also two years ago, the Nobel Prize winner in economics, Michael
Spence, he also concurred with me that the United States economy is no longer capable of producing
jobs that produce export products, either goods or services. We are now locked into
low-pay domestic service jobs. And so I've had this sort of vindication from very high ranked,
independent economists that I don't know or have any association with. Now to get back to your
question that we were discussing before the break, there are three bubbles. I explained the bond and
stock bubble. The dollar bubble is what is likely to undo the whole enterprise. What has saved the
Fed so far is the fact that the Europeans are in crisis, largely one we made for them. And that
keeps the euro in trouble. So as long as there's no real alternative to the dollar, except for
gold and silver, which the Fed caps the price by selling naked shorts in the paper market to stop
the rise in price from the demand for the physical metal. So once the dollar goes, and I don't know
how quick or how slow it will be, but it will go. We already know that the BRICS, large countries
in Asia and South America, and including Russia and China, India, South Africa, Brazil, they are
making agreements to no longer use the dollar to settle their international trade accounts. This
reduces the demand for dollar in the international markets. The Japanese and Chinese seem to be
coming to the same agreement so that they will deal with their trade in their own currencies.
And that's called the move to the exits. What it means is the demand for the dollar drops
while the supply is pouring out. And so it's very hard for the price to stay where it is.
And when the price of the dollar goes down, given that we are an import dependent country,
importing all kinds of things that we're dependent on, prices will go up. And yet real incomes are
not going up. So when the prices go up, everyone's real income goes down, consumer demand falls
further, the economy sinks deeper, the deficits get bigger. So it's a perfect storm for which
there are no solutions. So that's beyond stagflation, isn't it? Oh, much beyond. What the
likelihood is is an inflationary depression. Which is the ultimate nightmare. The ultimate
nightmare for which there are no policy solutions. And of course, wasn't it believed until the
70s, even stagflation was artificial and couldn't be done. But now, in the Alice in Wonderland,
isn't a hyper inflationary depression, has that ever even happened before?
I don't think so. Because you've never had this combination of events to produce it.
Most depressions resulted from a collapse of the money supply.
Or a collapse of the exchange rate of a currency. But you've never had a situation where you have
no basis for employment, but you've laid the basis for an explosion of prices by creating
your currency at high rates, while the demand for it is following.
Wow, and then you've got like three different populations, that's oversimplifying. But you've
got a very hardworking, lower middle class and upper middle class who will work three,
four jobs, have a high standard. You've kind of got a dilettante government and bureaucrat
and pension fund, which people earned in many cases, but also these trust fund kids.
And it's very popular to be mindless and be into being ignorant and to lay around all
day. And then you've got the militarized groups out there. I mean, that just sounds like a
nightmare to be in the middle of a population like that. What do you expect to happen when
this thing starts imploding? Well, I expect that what will happen when they can no longer
print money to cover the deficit is they'll go after the remaining pensions.
That's it, yeah. The same way that the banks go after the deposits in Cyprus, here the government
will say, well, look, your pensions have been tax free, accumulating tax free. And so we're
now going to make up for that and take our tax share of your pensions. So they will simply
seize pensions. And again, it will be a short-term measure. It only worked once when they use
the pension to finance the deficit. What do they do the next year? They're going to run
out of things to steal. And once that happens, there's no way they can stave off the crisis.
There's no way they can stave off the crisis. So they don't want to talk about this. And
they don't like people who do talk about it because they're trying to keep it under control
as long as they can. Would you call what's coming hyper-stagflation?
What would the name be for it? I think I would call it an inflationary depression.
So an inflationary depression. I think that's what I would call it, yes. Now,
people think that that's a contradiction in terms that you can't have both. But you can,
and particularly with these types of conditions that have been put in place, which are unique.
So it doesn't do any good. We've known now for five or six years, it doesn't do any good to run
big deficits and print a lot of money when all the jobs are moved offshore. So the spending doesn't
call people back to work when there's no place for them to work.
All right, let me ask you this question. Let's say we've gone out to see a Shakespearean
play. There's 1,000 people in the theater. That 1,000 people represents people holding
dollars worldwide, governments, institutions, you name it. How many people have gotten up and
already left? Because people get up, a few leave, then all of a sudden more leave, and then suddenly
right before the end, half the people leave. And once half leave, the bottom falls out and
degenerates very quickly. What point have we gotten to right now with people leaving
the theater? Because they are starting to leave the theater.
Well, they've been leaving for 10 years. If you look at the sharp upturn in the price of gold and
silver during the Bush years and the first year or two of Obama before the Fed capped it by selling
naked shorts, you can see the sharp rise up. So people are leaving. And the Fed is trying to
break that up by capping the price by selling these naked shorts. I mean,
whoever heard of shorting a bull market? No one shorts stock market when it's in a bull phase.
You ride the market up, but they've been shorting a rising gold market.
So it's clearly a control mechanism. Well, you said over and over again,
they are colluding in Europe and the United States and Asia, I mean, obviously, on the interest rates.
I don't think the Asians are colluding at all. They're watching these fools get rid of themselves.
Sure, exactly. I mean, when I say Asia, I mean Japan. My point is, what does LIBOR
illustrate for us? It's just another fixation of interest rates. It was a minor one compared
to the Fed. The Fed is the major fixer of interest rates. And what the banks were doing was just
aiding the Fed. That's why the Fed didn't do anything about it. They knew about it.
It wasn't anything they didn't know about. Doc, let's shift gears. What do you make of
our government putting al-Qaeda, real al-Qaeda in Libya and Syria, incredible mass murder,
incredible war crimes, while separately saying now we've got to attack Syria because al-Qaeda
is there. I mean, that is just a new level of Orwellianville. Where do you see that going?
I mean, how do they get away with that? I think this is the Israel lobby forcing
the senators like McCain and Levin to push Israel's agenda on to Obama. I think that's
what it is. Clearly, if the Assad government loses in Syria, it will be taken over by extremists,
because the people who are fighting are the Islamists. They're the ones who are opposed
to the secular Assad government. They actually wear al-Qaeda uniforms.
That's right. And so, what we would be doing is simply putting al-Qaeda in charge. Now,
this suits Israel because it breaks up the country. It'll leave the country in a constant
state of civil war, just like Libya is, just like Iraq is. So, when a country is at odds
with itself, it can't present any sort of outward response to Israel. It's to overcome
by its internal decision. Sure. I mean, I think we get the Balkanization.
I totally agree with you. My point is, how are they saying they've got to stick their
hands down my wife's pants in front of me at the airport because bin Laden's in there
while they run al-Qaeda publicly and gave them 10,000 heat-seeking missiles? I mean,
this is ridiculous. I mean, what about just the fact that we're running al-Qaeda publicly,
and it's not even an issue? Wars are profitable for the military-security
complex, and they're profitable for domestic power. Remember, Solzhenitsyn said years and
years ago that the main purpose of war is to create a domestic police state.
And he's absolutely right about that. The late Alexander Solzhenitsyn, I got to tell you,
the book, I haven't read it yet. I read your other books, and they're all excellent. And
there's a real libertarian system, but this isn't. Because a real libertarian system,
they wouldn't be too big to fail. They would have been wiped out early on. So it's the laissez-faire
with the public backing up of their losses. I mean, I agree it's laissez-faire, but it's a-
Alex, it was the laissez-faire deregulation that produced the crony capitalism. When you remove
a market from social control, you let the private greed and private power run wild.
And the result is they monopolize things, they concentrate things, and then they are
too powerful for the politicians to sit on, and they control the politicians. And as we've already
said today, who's running the treasury? Who's running the financial regulatory agencies?
Sure, no, you're right. You're right. But let's go to the end of the hour then. Let's go to the
end of the hour. I've got to go to break. Six-minute segment. Let's debate that. I mean,
not really debate it. I understand what you're saying, but my point is, if they weren't too big
to fail, I agree, you can't deregulate and then back it up with government. So my point is,
is that's the perfect storm. It's the unnatural thing, just like a inflationary depression.
So explain it to me, because I know you know more about it than I do, and I defer to your wisdom.
But I mean, my whole point is, I am a libertarian. I like it in most areas,
and I understand why there was Glass-Steagall. I agree with it. My point is, is I don't think
this is pure libertarianism laissez-faire. But explain it to me when we get back.
the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most. Be prepared and get your supply
from eFoods Direct. Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with
free shipping on all food supplies. Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared. Act now and call
800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex. Get free shipping on all orders for a
limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex. You can bet
your life on eFoods Direct. Hey there, my name is Frank Bates. Do you know the number one most
valuable item in a crisis? Some people think the answer is gold, others think it's a gun,
but the correct answer will shock you. I just created a free video at Crisis123.com that
reveals a surprising item that is more valuable than gold in a crisis. 97% of Americans don't
have this one critical item. In fact, they haven't even given it a thought. And the sad truth is that
you may not survive without it when a real crisis hits and a starving mob is right outside your
door. But I have to tell you could literally make the difference between life and death
for you and your family. Watch my video at Crisis123.com to discover the number one most
valuable item in a crisis. You'll be shocked. See the controversial video that thousands of
other smart patriots have already seen in the last three months. Go watch my video now at
Crisis123.com before they force me to shut it down. Again, that's Crisis123.com.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial law
have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result,
millions are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical
emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against
bacteria, viruses, moles, and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally or
used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver has over
500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it the number one choice of preppers
across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to
SupernaturalSilver.com. Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
you know i get that after the depression they put in rules to show that banks couldn't just buy
into every level of society and consolidate and create huge monopolies because monopolies we
learned of the robber barons were not a good idea and that they could have brokerage banks you know
own regular banks and then steal people's savings i mean they knew you need to build bulkheads in
the ships of one floods the others don't flood and i see this and dr robertson i have debated
this but i've seen them brag whether it's delusional or not at davos and bilderberg
that oh we're taking over the world collapse will bring us to power then we'll come out with
an sdr or something above it so i see this as orchestrated at least they brag it's orchestrated
maybe maybe they're not really in control there's one thing i've learned studying history hitler
thought he was in control going into russia so did napoleon these guys get delusional so i don't
think they're infallible i know they're men like us they're women like us uh but dr robertson got
the floor for the last five minutes explain to me how this is i mean i haven't read the new book yet
how this is all the fault of laissez faire because how is it laissez faire if government
is backing it up and back stopping it go ahead well there's no difference between the government
and the and the private private interests look what uh what libertarians think that we have
all this regulation by the government and that the whole reason we had a financial crisis is because
we got too much regulation but of course this is nonsense so the last 25 years have been not just
the united states beginning with thatcher in england uh in in uh australia new zealand uh
canada uh in france i mean i helped the french government privatize the economy we've had
massive privatizations and massive deregulation particular deregulation in the
you need to go over there and check that answering machine
i should have shut the door people are very invasive um i know how it is believe me i've
been doing radio interviews and my kids run in so this deregulation is really everywhere but it's
massive in terms of the financial system it's not just that they uh deregulated or or repeal glass
steagle they removed all of the restraints on speculation am i wrong in saying that you were
more laissez-faire 25 30 years ago have your views changed um well i get you know it's just like
john maynard kane says when you learn the facts what do you do you adjust your views so so are
you saying reaganomics just a minute alex this has nothing to do with ideology has to do with facts
church okay and the facts are we had a highly regulated financial system we had no problems
we completely deregulated and we're in massive collapse for which there's no solution and which
is threatening the entire western world this is all due to deregulation and so what is laissez-faire
it is the absence of regulation and so what we have learned is that the absence of regulation
does not produce libertarian nor vana it produces social instability social insecurity and that is
why throughout history almost every market is regulated there are very few cases and they are
short term of deregulated markets because they are unlivable they always produce crisis and that's
and that's why the regulation comes in it doesn't come in because the government's trying to take
away power it's because people are trying to have some kind of economic stability and economic
security sure sure but what about they've got none sure no i mean i i understand that my issue
is it's government that allowed them to grow this big to begin with i understand it's the laissez-faire
that caused it but then the backing it up allows them to enslave us
you are listening to gcn visit gcnlive.com today
devastating events like earthquakes tornadoes floods hurricanes or the threat of martial law
have highlighted the need for americans to prepare for emergencies as a result millions are
stockpiling food gold and weapons but how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones
becomes ill supernatural silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency
supernatural silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria
viruses moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care taken internally or used topically
it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens supernatural silver has over 500 different uses
and a long-term shelf life making it the number one choice of preppers across the country to find
out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared go to supernaturalsilver.com
use the promo code prepared for 20 off your entire order and like us on facebook
waging war on corruption alex jones on the gcn radio network
big brother mainstream media government cover-ups you want answers well so does he
he's alex jones on the gcn radio network and now live from austin texas alex jones
you know we get ron paul on about once a month and i really respect him and but i'm going to bring
this up to him because these laws ain't fair and he's going to say but alex we backed up too big
to fail the regulators were controlled by the bankers and they actually wouldn't let other
competition come in it wasn't real true deregulation so so so dr roberts i agree that the idea of laws
a fair capitalism pushed by greenspan everybody we were just talking during the break has led to
a lot of this but all i'm saying is now they'll take over with no regulation then put regulation
on everybody else selectively once they've already showed up the game i mean answer my question on
that if you uh can i know you can but give me your brief take on my question how is it laws
a fair if government's backing it up laws a fair is what produced it i'm talking about the failure
of the system it's now failed yes i get that okay because you remember it was greenspan and rubin
and uh arthur levitt the head of sec and uh larry summers who went to congress and prevented
brooksley born from doing her job and regulating the derivatives remember that
yes she said if we don't regulate these derivatives we have a crisis and they all went
down there and said don't let this crazy woman regulate derivatives she'll produce a crisis
markets are self-regulated i remember this was an ideology the ideology came out of the success of
reagan and the failure of the soviet union and so everybody said oh well it was reagan he was for
free markets the soviets were for planning and regulation and they failed and we won so let's
don't have any regulation that's right you're kind of their guru aren't you it just don't have any
and so they had done they got rid of it progressively and the result was the monopoly
concentration the bank's too big to fail the takeover that is always the result of the
deregulation i'm not you understand it's a process no i got it and we're in the middle of it it's a
fact and and and now ideology is window dressing in the two minutes we've got left if you were king
using the constitution what would you do now to try to reverse this or is it too late i think it's
too late but you know it's too late it's it's going to hit the fan i just don't know when i
can't predict the timing we've got three massive bubbles there's no way out they're going to pop
they have to pop and of course one will pop the others so we'll have triple bubble implosion
if the dollar goes all of them will pop and it'll be the biggest financial wipeout in world history
and it will we won't be able to recover the chinese are not going to say oh here let us
rebuild your economy and give you everything back uh they're in trouble too as well i mean
they're they're barely i mean they're growing faster but you know they got their own problems
well they have some problems but they don't have ours they don't they're not monetizing a trillion
dollars of debt every year they're not printing money faster than sure they're not going to be
ables what i'm saying to help us why would they help us exactly but even if they wanted to we're
we're trying to surround them with military bases we're going to cut the social welfare net because
we don't have any money but we've got plenty of money to attack syria oh yeah and and and
therein is their answers the bankers are going to start world war three uh the neocons the bank the
israel lobby the bankers the military security complex they're going to start world war three
uh but they won't be able to fight it very long because a nuclear it'll go nuclear and you can't
fight nuclear wars very long and if it doesn't go nuclear we'll go broke and not be able to wow
wow and you were there in the negotiation with the soviets everything i mean i cannot say how
much you know sir and how much we appreciate you with us and to hear you saying that when all my
other experts are saying the same thing i'm pretty smart i see the same thing i see government digging
in like it's the end of the world this doesn't look too good they're they're preparing to control
us but our response to all of the crisis and the stakes that they're making and so they obviously
don't intend to correct them or they wouldn't be putting in no no they don't get the book at amazon
get the book at amazon doctor thank you so much for the hour okay you're welcome wow heavy heavy
show if you're listening you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day if you're
listening you know the economy is not getting better you know gas and food prices are skyrocketing
now is the time to get prepared for years we've told you about our friends at e foods direct they
have the best tasting long-term storable food on the planet this food will taste just as great
25 years from now as it does tonight a long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the
availability of the one thing you need most be prepared and get your supply from e foods direct
right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food
supplies give yourself peace of mind and be prepared act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit
efoodsdirect.com slash alex get free shipping on all orders for a limited time call 800-409-5633
or go to efoodsdirect.com slash alex you can bet your life on e foods direct you prepare by
purchasing gold food and firearms but if you don't have a home security system then you're missing a
critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection when you're sleeping or away from home who's
watching out for intruders check out simply safe it's a new do-it-yourself home security system
that is completely wireless go to getsimplysafe.com simply safe is independent and off the grid it
runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down you're protected it's completely customizable
so you can use it in your home business boat trailer storage unit or shed getsimplysafe.com
simply safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes so there's no need
to let a stranger into your home if you move or need to relocate you can take the system with you
wherever you go you aren't always at home but simply safe will stand guard protecting your
property 24 hours a day seven days a week again that's getsimplysafe.com introducing pro one
all of your filtration in one system portable on the go no more do you have two or three filters
to just reduce sodium fluoride you have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95%
of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white
ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in
one filter element it is the only one that does it and out of the gates we have it discounted at
10% off with promo code water this is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove
pesticides herbicides chloramines ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid the most common
form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate
get your pro pure with a new pro one filters today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139
crashing through the lies and disinformation it's alex jones on the gcn radio network
well i told you two weeks ago and i told you again last week over and over again in fact i'm
going to try to have the crew find it and play it on the nightly news tonight not to say oh look
i'm smart i'm showing you the power you have that we got to work towards the future together we've
got to work for some type of civilization that isn't run by total criminals and you've got to
do that by fighting the criminals you've got to do that by saying uh-uh and getting past the fear
past the intimidation you're going to find nine times out of ten they're scared to death of you
but you know i came on air and i said if we keep pushing this bullet story and the armored vehicles
story that they've denied it's going to blow up in their face and be a congressional investigation
which will be a debate about why are there fema camps which are on record doesn't matter glen
beck tells they don't you know they don't exist i'm not attacking glen beck okay he needs to in
fact i would endorse glen beck if he came out and covered the model states health emergency powers
act if he covered the civilian inmate labor camp program if he covered the national emergency
centers establishment act if he covered the new army manuals for fema camps the fema for
re-education camps it says that how to process your social security numbers how to lock down
the cities how to take our guns and fema has just posted that they're drilling for martial law in
america and i'm so conditioned knowing this is already true that i haven't even mentioned that
today melissa melton goes is this important i think this is important yesterday fema's just
put out this new manual on their site it shows photos and videos of them training local police
for civil unrest and collapse and i said oh yes you're right it's important that article is up
on infowars.com fema federalizing police for domestic war in fact that should be red linked
okay that should be red linked 15 members of congress demand investigation of obama's
ammo hoard that should be it's now 15 he had just updated it that should be red linked gun owners
sue new york government to restore second amendment government cover-up of ammo buy
implodes that should be red linked the only red link stuff really important but today the whole
front page should just go red i i mean you know that's what's going on here ladies and gentlemen
and see if you won't recognize bad stuff it'll get worse people think oh if i just don't recognize it
if i just think it's okay if i just lie to myself uh if i just you know whitewash everything it's
going to go away no no no i'll go back to my coyote analogy i remember being five six seven
years old we did it quite a few times because i begged to go hunting it'd be you know out of
season where you couldn't shoot deer my head say okay well coyotes have been eating the neighbors
uh sheep uh you know we can take you out there and you sit there with varmint tapes playing
at the sound of dying rabbits and then coyotes come out of the woods you hit them with spotlights
and shoot them but you read about people now this thing used to happen anybody can type it in woman
eaten by coyotes it'll be like at the edge of a city park and and the women are preconditioned
to run and then fall down because they saw it on all the tv shows i mean people have never run a
few feet and fallen down and going no please you know you're taught how to act like a rabbit humans
don't act like that a possum will viciously attack a coyote a raccoon will uh humans will a little
monkey if you've got a monkey from south america and put it in a room you know with pit bulls it
would jump on top of and try to bite their eyes out you know but but we the super killer machine
that fought the cave bears the saber-tooth tigers you know i mean humans with their bear hands
taking what they wanted killing giant you know prehistoric rhinos running elephants off clips
i mean we are now sitting there now women women never acted like this women used to be true
feminists women were tougher than nails now women fall down it's like they taught women they saw
something scary to faint uh in victorian england as a as a mind control just all the mind control
and so we've all been taught when we see terry to go or deny it hey that ain't gonna get you out of
this in every case now in canada and the u.s it's happening every few months now you'll read about
it's always the same story the woman on her lunch break went to the local park to have a sandwich
or make some phone calls two coyotes came out she she she she cowered crying calling 911 and the
coyotes by the time they got there had chewed her throat out and i'm here saying don't call 911 you
see coyotes coming out of the edge of woods get up and go wow and they're gonna see that predator
look that you're just looking at them you're not scared they're gonna run but see what you've
decided to do is the virtue you think roll over and cry oh no no oh help me oh like in all the
movies the guy comes in with a knife and the man of the woman goes no don't kill me somebody comes
in with a knife i'm gonna say and you just literally go i mean but that's because i'm a
maniac ladies and gentlemen that's because i'm a maniac a maniac no i'm not i'm red-blooded
i'm red-blooded i'm ready to light a bunch of torches up and go running through the woods
running after mastodons to run them off a cliff and eat them they're like big piles of red meat
and that's why i'm free light the fires of liberty they're coming to the castle
i mean they have taken your human i mean these people fall down in front of coyotes and are
eating coyotes have never eaten people not in recorded history with the native americans or
the settlers coyotes didn't eat people only wolves would go after humans that'd be a human
alone if the wolves were starving in deep winter if wolves are starving they will try to eat a man
they know we're tough they got to be starving to try to go after a man starving to death
now everywhere you go everywhere you go i see signs up on the green belt where's my dog where's
my cat and i'm like i saw some i saw some coyote crap down the thing it was a dog bones so it ate
your dog of course i won't tell him that he walked the hiking bike trail and you can see the coyote
crap of people's cats and dogs i see cat bones a part of partially digested cat skulls everything
and these people have signs up all over going where's my doggie where's my kitten it's not
on the news they're eating everybody's dogs and cats i had coyotes coming out by my house trying
to eat my uh eat my french bulldogs i just went out there one night with a double-ot shotgun
baby left some meat out there and it was they're dead tough little buggers i found someone one time
i shot a coyote in the head a large goblet i mean almost a handful probably half its brain was blown
out on the ground shot it in the head with a 243 came up to the deer camp or by the trash and that
was a rifle i just got it 50 yards boom in the head still ran off hundreds of yards couldn't
find it but anyways folks you're a predator start acting like one stop acting like a jellyfish
domesticated idiot because the government is the wolves and the coyotes and man you're
you're rolled over on your back begging playing a varmint tape that's what they're called varmint
tapes you're playing varmint tapes by the way the coyotes don't come anywhere around my house
anymore they don't come anywhere around it in fact they don't even come on the neighbor's
property because i can see them out there with night vision they won't get anywhere around my
house and until i finally said all right i'll just hunt them i'm not into shooting stuff just
to shoot them so i sat up and killed them and the issue is is that they don't come anywhere i don't
even hear them yelling anymore at night except every once in a while about a mile away on a
nearby ranch they don't come around my house anymore because i i shot one i know i got one
and shot at the others as they ran off and again stumbling around at night you use a shotgun with
double-aught but the point is is that this is what's got to be done politically you've got to
get up on your hind legs people say what's that mean well a bear gets up on town legs when it's
really going to go crazy you got to get up on your hind legs and go hey i don't know what the
outcome of this is you want to fight you got one i'm going to discredit you i'm going to get in
your face i'm going to call you terrorists because you are i'm going to go wild i'm going to call my
congress people i'm going to go to their when they have meet and greets and grab them by the hand
and tell them we know what's going on we're not going to put up with it you need to call
diane feinstein tell that witch we know what she's doing you see michael moore in public you tell
him quit using murdered kids we know you you talk about you want to see harry reed's grandkids dead
that would help look bud why don't you come a little bit further and tell us what you really
know look i know who you are i see you you big fat predator and you don't scare me one bit what
scares me is rolling over to you so i'm going to tell you politically you got to start shooting
back again the info war not physically because all this talk about how i'll do this physically
and you'll do that physically hey come on save it ladies and gentlemen you don't talk about stuff
like that even if you're intending it you need to use your mouth the pen is mightier the sword and
the mouth is the pen today use it ladies and gentlemen or lose it get aggressive now get
aggressive now get aggressive now get aggressive now they were telling us and selectively not
telling others and then the police when we challenged them started writing everyone
tickets for being out there handing out literature in downtown austin on street corners saying you've
got to get a permit from us to do that bull your thing's unconstitutional had to call
there you're like well what's that big fight that's just folks if you can't hand stuff out
in america move to north korea and it's the same deal if i would have groveled they were trying to
run the street team we hired off and then they sent thugs when the cops wouldn't do it anymore
if we would have groveled there would be no free speech left in austin next they'd say
okay uh give me money like like mexican cops do here here let me have some money now
you see rolling over what does sheep get eaten by wolves what do wolves do to men they run
sheep get eaten by wolves let's say it sheep get eaten by wolves sheep get eaten by wolves
and that's the old analogy of the sheep dog you're like you're like well i'm not a sheep but i'm not
a wolf i'm a sheep dog fine you want to be a sheepdog folks we're not trying to be sheep
dogs because we're trying to be heroes we're overrun by wolves right now ladies and gentlemen
and we're in a lot of trouble and i see effeminate it's not even fair to men i see estrogen programmed
men i'm afraid of women to call them feminine i see estrogen programmed on record men everywhere
who see their weakness as a totem and as a trophy and as a signet of royalty like royalty wears big
you know chains of office around their necks they are they they own their weakness and their
pathetic jellyfish worship they wear it as if it is a cloak of infallibility it is a cloak of
it is a cloak of shame and that shows style they can make something stylish and people will bring
their children for human sacrifice and beg their children be chopped up at every culture if it's
stylish chinese emperors had their wives feet mound they wouldn't even feed themselves they
were total slaves because they were so elitist they were basket cases that couldn't even wipe
their own butts same thing with the british royalty that's style oh you're so stylish you
don't feed yourself oh you're so stylish you're a jellyfish the sitcom says the guy gets the girl
if he's a jellyfish but the guys wonder why they're not getting the girl so they act more
jellyfish like you've been programmed you prepare by purchasing gold food and firearms but if you
don't have a home security system then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for
home protection when you're sleeping or away from home who's watching out for intruders
check out simply safe it's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless
go to getsimplysafe.com simply safe is independent and off the grid it runs on battery power so even
if the grid goes down you're protected it's completely customizable so you can use it in
your home business boat trailer storage unit or shed getsimplysafe.com simply safe is also
ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes so there's no need to let a stranger into
your home if you move or need to relocate you can take the system with you wherever you go
you aren't always at home but simply safe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a
day seven days a week again that's getsimplysafe.com do you suffer from low functioning adrenal or
thyroid gland did you know that mercury from your dental fillings comes off your teeth both as a
vapor and as metal particles into your body wherever mercury deposits in your body it stops
cells from functioning normally animal studies show that mercury causes kidney function to drop
by 60 percent mercury deposited into your adrenals or thyroid will cause a corresponding drop in
function the number one method by which your body detoxifies itself of mercury is glutathione
the number one superfood that helps turn on all 75 trillion cells of your body to produce glutathione
is non-denatured whey protein from grass-fed cows after investigating most high-end whey proteins
on the market only one is the most non-denatured the most active the most complete and in our
opinion the most powerful in what nature originally put into the fresh raw whey it is one world whey
call 888-988-3325 that's 888-988-3325 or visit one world whey.com that's one world w-h-e-y.com
on the average americans work between 45 to 50 years hoping to build up enough wealth to
retire and live out their golden years unfortunately with taxation the rising cost of food energy
housing and medical many retirees are forced to live below the poverty line is this a flaw
free enterprise or is our monetary unit we call the federal reserve note forcing us into perpetual
debt ensuring inflation and higher taxes these questions and more can be answered by reading
g edward griffin's book the creature from jekyll island congressman ron paul states it's what every
american needs to know about central bank power a gripping adventure into the secret world of
international banking cartel hi this is ted anderson i will give a silver dollar from the
early 1900s to anyone who purchases this book call 1-800-686-2237 and order a copy today it's
critical that the public be made aware of the system call and order your copy today at 1-800-686-2237
that's 1-800-686-2237 we all know that berkey water purification systems are the most trusted
name in water filtration as an authorized berkey dealer for over six years in serving thousands of
satisfied customers the berkey guy offers amazing specials for berkey water filtration systems the
berkey light systems include a set of self-sterilizing and re-cleanable black purification
elements that purify water by removing chlorine pathogenic bacteria cyst and parasites to non-
detectable levels and remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides and pesticides order the
berkey light system today complete with two black berkey elements for only 231 dollars and the
berkey guy will ship your order free of charge with the purchase of a berkey light the berkey
guy is also offering a set of fluoride and arsenic filters for only 39.99 that's over 30 percent off
the retail price call the berkey guy at 1-877-886-3653 that's 1-877-886-3653
or order online at goberky.com that's goberky.com today
they will stop
gotta love it we are back live ladies and gentlemen thank you so much for joining us
look at the stories up at infowars.com right now nanny bloomberg drone panopticon
inevitable and he you know they've already got total surveillance all your cell phones everything
you're doing and he says that's great he's gonna tell you what to eat and what to drink and he says
i need all that data he's been bragging lately he needs all the spy data to tell you how to live
your life because he knows best he actually says that yeah you know best don't you bloomberg about
9 11 i bet i bet you care about everybody a lot you're a real nice man i'm glad you're there like
i'll just stop blocking my doors at night knowing you're there i know you really won't take care of
me and my family hey you wolf uh look at this i see you you know that don't you do you don't like
it uh u.s planned calls for more scanning of private web traffic email it's not spying it's
scanning uh that's in uh nbc oh i thought it was a conspiracy theory they're spying on us there's
more illegal spying and and more running al-qaeda and and more bullet purchases that then don't
exist but here's some of the other ones ran paul to filibuster over big sis arms buildup
that's right ladies and gentlemen he filibustered over drones hey how about the whole enchilada
they won't give members of the senate and the house they want to know about the two billion
rounds of ammo and who want to know about all the armored vehicles hey rand my friend i gotta try to
give him a call rand do the filibuster i mean i know you won't do it all the time you'll get
ignored but so what i mean just start doing it all the time because you won't be ignored
let's have your weekly filibuster okay i remember they said they wouldn't let him see the drone info
and they wouldn't let him see all that until he went to the filibuster and then they gave him the
info and they gave them their answer about killing u.s citizens and then said well no we're not going
to but we do have the power to but yeah we are going to but we didn't say we would we don't want
any a nda but we wrote it but then we said we wouldn't sign it but we did sign it you know
lawyer stuff oh no that's not in there unless you look at the subsection but it's not a big
deal we're not going to use it we are we want to you know how it is so so that's what's going on
there with all this fine print you know you're listening to a radio ad and it's like drop by
and get our cars at zero percent interest and and absolutely no credit needed it's an incredible
deal we have everything you need right now i'm a lot an incredible selection of over
500 new and used vehicles and it's absolutely no credit score needed
i mean that's what's going on here
so you know it's time to drag all this out in the open they've been denying all this
because they're scared of it if america gets its instinct going and goes oh the government's been
taken over and is arming against you they're not going to be able to detonate an atomic
weapon in chicago you know just keep saying chicago like i said they'll blow up the world
trade center and blame it on bin laden two months before it happened i even named the targets dallas
chicago cleveland denver places like that larry silverstein you know owns the uh one of the
biggest buildings down there bought it was the sears tower at something else i'd uh he's a nice
man he really cares about you anyways getting back to what i was saying ladies and gentlemen
now they've had nuclear contaminants checking the subways bombs uh in chicago nukes nukes north
korea working with right wingers oh that's the new movie coming out north korea working with
right wingers at least that was one of the early scripts they're keeping it close is that out yet
that olympus falling or whatever it is the point is is the narrative in the official west point
documents now and and and you see the army war colleges the tea party is going to link up with
al-qaeda oh that's going to happen i'm the most islamophobic group on the planet you show them
an image of bin laden they're ready to throw their children and you know incinerators if
the government says it'll keep them safe i mean just their whole religion is hating muslims
and and and and now they're gonna work with al-qaeda and they've got all these tv shows
like founding fathers where the where the patriot leader in the town who sounds like a great guy is
really taliban when the government is the taliban in al-qaeda and publicly created them and runs
them but then those of us exposing it we're secretly them um you can buy that police do you
really believe veterans are going to bomb every u.s police station with ieds every they've they've
said they've said veterans will attack they tell police you will be attacked for five years you
will be attacked by veterans and gun owners and they had and the police are listening
pardon me came out today all right thank you i mean i'm in total rant mode ladies and gentlemen
i'm crazed and i guess i shouldn't be i should be calm about all this i should love all this
i should think all of this is great ran paul a filibuster over big sis arms buildup
big sis continues to stonewall lawmakers on amo buys rand take the ball hut hut hut get it
we're on the march the empire's on the run alex jones and the gcn radio network
so if you want an american company with american products made by americans here is the cal ben
soap company alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years these all-natural
soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth-friendly and safe
see them on the web at five star soap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog
buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs
this is an amazing deal you can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap
makes you feel see them on the web at five star soap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog
a little over a year ago i began to do a lot of research into why even if i had a pretty good
sized meal that i was still starving and my research led me to a well-known fact that most
of the soils that we grow our crops on here in the united states and across the industrialized world
are almost completely depleted of almost all of the key minerals and trace elements that our bodies
need to rebuild themselves fight off cancer and be healthy i then searched out the best vitamin and
mineral company out there and discovered Young Jevity the Young Jevity products are designed
to give you the real nutrition you need and once you've got that you don't have to eat as much to
be satisfied i've lost 37 pounds in two months simply getting the vitamins and minerals i need
check it out for yourself it's incredible go to info wars team.com today and order your first
canister of beyond tangy tangerine complete multivitamin mineral complex dietary supplement
that's info wars team.com devastating events like earthquakes tornadoes floods hurricanes or the
threat of martial law have highlighted the need for americans to prepare for emergencies as a
result millions are stockpiling food gold and weapons but how will these items help if you or
one of your loved ones becomes ill supernatural silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for
a medical emergency supernatural silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective
against bacteria viruses moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care taken internally or use
topically it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens supernatural silver has over 500
different uses and a long-term shelf life making it the number one choice of preppers across the
country to find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared go to supernatural
silver.com use the promo code prepared for 20% off your entire order and like us on facebook
crashing through the lies and disinformation it's alex jones on the gcn radio network
monday through friday from 11 a.m until 2 p.m central standard time we are here live
we've had larry alder scheduled we're trying to connect with him on skype we'll see if that
happens very interesting individual of course radio host there in los angeles and his views
on obama and where all this is going but i'll tell you this the power structure is pulling out
all the stops now to just confuse reality and our answer is to get real to get serious and go all
the way and by going all the way we've gotten in this position because the establishment says be
mealy-mouthed don't be aggressive compromise that's how you're successful and during the
sellout of america some people could be successful for a time doing that but now we're getting down
to the end game folks you've got to realize this is a very bad place we're going to and
you cannot imagine that you're part of the power structure you cannot imagine that and
get out of all this because you're not part of the power structure i mean look at this
citizens tell gun grabbers you are coloring outside the lines of constitutional parameters
they're suing new york that they can't bar the second amendment so you get back on the offensive
now 15 members of congress are saying we want to see why you're buying thousands of armored
vehicles and billions of bullets it's happening fast and furious is getting back out there
and again we're in deep trouble because both political parties to a great extent are bought
and paid for by crony capitalist interest that want to use socialism at the grassroots to control
us and crony capitalism on the top of the system to absolutely totally
to absolutely totally and completely get everybody domesticated and i just don't want to live under
this and i'm told we do have larry elder very exciting i don't know why i've never had this
guy on or maybe i did many years ago it seems i did i you know it all blurs together we're
doing radio six days a week but uh he of course is one of the most popular uh talk show hosts
out in california and i'm thinking sometimes he's been syndicated again i don't have time to follow
a lot of media outside of what we do and what the establishment throws at us but he's hosted
larry elder's show for more than 15 years that's right nationally syndicated and i just every time
i see clips of him it's always just extremely informative and he's been on everything from
oprah to you name it larry elder.com and i'm very very excited to have him on the broadcast with us
to talk about the state of the world and how crazy everything's gotten and what he expects
the collectivist to do i see them trying to play us off against each other as much as they can
desperately so that we don't get together and unify around the bill of rights and constitution
larry it's good to have you on with us thanks for spending time alex thank you so much for
having me it's an honor it's an honor to have you wow so uh so much so much is going on
out there in the world what is front and center on your radar screen well alex as i was trying
to tell mr pence morgan when i was on there a couple of weeks ago if you really want to talk
about gun violence in america the face of gun violence as horrific as sally hook was is not
the face of some suburban kid a kid is more likely to be struck by lightning alex and to be killed in
the school shooting the face of gun violence in this country is a 15 year old girl who performed
at obama's inauguration who was killed by one of those to whom it made concerned gang related
bullets it's a six-year-old latina girl who was sitting on her porch one night in march last year
alex one of five people to be killed in that hour in chicago chicago is a city right now which is on
track for two sandy hooks per month if you look at the demographics of chicago the city is roughly a
third black a third white and a third hispanic however the homicides 70 of them are committed
by black people and usually the victim is almost always another black person take new york new york
demographically about 46 are so white about 17 to 20 percent hispanic about that same number of
blacks however according to police commissioner kelly 96 of the homicides are committed by black
and brown people almost always alex the victim is another black or brown person now the question is
why it is going on we have a couple of possible suspects one is racism problem with that is during
jim crow when we had not only de facto segregation we had legal segregation you didn't find this kind
of criminality coming from the black community what about racism during uh during the great
depression 50 of the black adults were unemployed 50 percent you did not find this kind of
criminality 70 today of black kids are born outside of wedlock that has tripled the number
back in 1965 today 50 of hispanic kids are born outside of wedlock about 35 of white kids now i
mentioned that because it's a direct relationship between not having a father in the house and fill
in the blank of your favorite social ill whether it's dropouts whether it's unemployment whether
it's just gun homicide a direct relationship between not having a father in the house and bad
behavior and we've incentivized people into having children without getting married because we've
given people money after the so-called war on poverty was launched lynn and johnson alex
literally sent poverty workers going door to door uh in inner city households letting women know of
their so-called rights to welfare provided there was no man in the house so from 1965 the percentage
of black kids born outside of wedlock has tripled as we spent 16 trillion dollars on so-called
poverty programs we've incentivized people into making bad decisions we've allowed women to get
food stamps asdc you name it a woman with two children living on welfare is making more money
than she would if he had a minimum wage job and we've allowed the man to abandon his financial
and moral responsibility bill costly calls such men unwed fathers that's what we've done for the
last 50 years and the left can't come to the conclusion oh my lord what have i done so they
gotta blame racism sexism and yes high capacity magazines well absolutely i saw you with one of
our reporters to an interview a few weeks ago david ortiz and that's why i wanted ortiz wanted
to get you on to expand on all of this because it's so crazy that now you say i don't want
socialist health care racist i don't want uh you know to have uh all of this corporate welfare
racist uh i want my second amendment and then the fox columnist and others say well that's racist
and i go explain to me how it's racist and they go i'm not going to i'm going to throw that out
to distract the whole debate and then i go back to margaret sanger who said look at these black
communities they're becoming wealthy they're self-sufficient we're not going to integrate to
bring real equality we're going to integrate so we can get rid of these weeds we've got opposed as
liberals are you familiar i mean you're pretty smart and obviously informed guy but most people
aren't that i talk to of her writings and stuff and that i don't think sure i don't think the
left actually did this on accident a lot of bleeding hearts actually think it's good and
actually want to help people but the higher ups i mean the democratic party was the kuklas clan
party but when they couldn't suppress blacks anymore by the 20s and 30s they became the
democrats the history of the democratic party has been completely skanky uh the members of the
democratic party formed the clan the clan used to be called the terror wing of the democratic party
and you're right about margaret singer she was a proponent of eugenics she believed that
people were socially undesirable and they were usually poor uh young black women uh and you know
i've written a book about this called dear father dear son two lives eight hours where i talk about
the importance of fathers and one of the things i try and do alex is use sources that people can't
impeach uh you know i could use a heritage foundation they've done all sorts of studies
showing the lack of fathers and all the social ill that i mentioned charles murray wrote a
wonderful book called losing ground arguably the most important book about the devastation
to the nuclear intact family by the welfare state that's been written the last 50 years
so i use people like that well-known neo-con tupac shakur after he died alex it was a documentary
that came out called resurrection and in the documentary he said i know for a fact if i had
had a father in my life i would have had some discipline and i would have been more confident
a man needs to be raised by a man and he proceeded to explain why he joined gangs he wanted protection
he wanted structure and he wanted values he's saying this i'm not saying this is tupac shakur
and the only times had a poll back in the 80s and they asked poor people and non-poor people
the following question do you believe that young poor women often have children to get additional
welfare benefits the majority of non-poor people said no however when poor people were asked the
same question do you believe that young poor women often have children to get additional benefits 64
said yes so they're telling us we're just not listening and one time i had on my show one of
these so-called black leaders kawase and fume i haven't been able to get jackson or farah connor
sharpen on my show in 20 years but kawasi mfumi when he was in the head of the NAACP came on
and to his credit i asked him the following question mr mfumi asked between the presence
of white racism which you often talk about or the absence of black fathers which in my opinion you
don't talk about enough which poses a bigger threat to the black community and without missing
a beat he said the absence of fathers so they're telling us we're just not listening you're right
and then they'll say we need fathers but do everything to destroy them and then promote and
embrace the most destructive uh fake you know gangster culture stuff uh and again the young
boys don't have a father so then they see MTV and the tough guys that are the male role models
you know are these gangster drug dealers i mean look this has been done on purpose i mean there's
no way and i've got the documents and evidence i've gone over it i covered my film endgame and
i've actually read quite a few of the blurbs and articles where people picked up some of your
writings i need to read your books i need to carry them in our bookstore tell us some about
your books because this is something that can be used you know the knowledge you're laying out
to empower people and i think i'm gonna read them other people should as well well alex my book dear
father dear son is about my relationship with my own father which was not good my father was a
what i called a a junkyard dog dad he was a monford point marine they were the equivalent
of the tuskegee airman he was the first black marine there were 20 000 of them that trained
in north carolina so rough tough guy and i misunderstood his tough exterior for lack of
love he beat us with a belt with a telephone cord not uncommon the way people were punished in those
days especially if the if the adult came from the south but i just mistook that for lack of love so
when i'm 15 years old my dad and i have this furious fight and we don't speak for 10 years
and finally i'm 25 years old we sit down and we speak i think that the conversation would last 10
minutes it lasted eight hours and during that period of time i found out that the name elder my
last name is the name of the boyfriend who was in his life the longest he never married his mother
he was an alcoholic who beat my father and his mother my dad comes home from school has a fight
with the mother's then boyfriend a different man than elder the mother sides with the boyfriend my
dad is thrown out of the house never to return we're talking about a black kid jim crow's spouse
age of 13 a year or two before the beginning of the great depression athens georgia and my dad
never returned home and despite all of his troubles my dad always told my brothers and me this hard
hard work wins you get out of life what you put into it no matter how hard you work bad things
are going to happen and how you respond to those bad things will tell me whether or not your mother
and i raised a man and i would always say not too much pressure dad my point is this he was around
he was a rough tough imperfect father but he was around and by word and by deed exactly he taught
me what it's like to be well they say a dad's got to be perfect and you know what your dad gets
scared you're not doing what you're supposed to do you're not listening you're out of control
i'll tell you it's better to have brutal discipline than no discipline at all these
kids are a wreck so they end up in prison they end up dead and it's because they've destroyed
fathers in america that now what happened to the black community has been done everywhere else and
it is destroying our civilization and alex the key is hard work the formula is very simple
graduate from high school don't have a kid before you're 20 years old and get married before you have
the kid james q wilson said anybody who follows that formula will not be poor if you if you fail
to follow that formula there's a good chance you are going to be poor so the question is what are
we doing to incentivize or perhaps more importantly what are we doing to de-incentivize people into
following that formula that's what's going on here and we know what works alex because in 1996 bill
clinton reluctantly signed the welfare reform act what happened welfare rolls declined by over 50
so we know that a bunch of able-bodied able-minded people were on the couch they got off after they
realized the jig was up we need to continue that and welfare needs to be done at the state and
local level the federal government needs to get out of it all together and we need to encourage
the so-called thousand points of life there are a whole bunch of people in the community doing stuff
big brothers big sisters i belong to an organization called a place called home where
i contribute money to an organization that teaches people on computers and
and that's what you have to do in the short run because there aren't fathers here you have to
incentivize people to get into their communities and being mentors for these young people until
we turn out the culture which is changing policies and letting people know it is not a good idea to
be an unwed father that's an expression that bill cosby has been using my mother my dad has been
using oh yeah people think it's so cool to go get young women pregnant and and then just turn your
kids loose to be destroyed there's nothing more punkish than that and you know when i mentioned
kawaii and fumi this is a guy who turned his life around alex this is a guy who had four or five
kids by four or five different women and then turned his life around and has been dedicating
himself to trying to improve things in the black community the thing that really bothers me about
some of these so-called black leaders where this farrakhan jackson or um or sharpton they all
should know something about the importance of fathers because in their own lives their fathers
were either absent or bad dads jackson's father was a married man who lived next door to his
teenage mother got her pregnant jackson grew up in south carolina with taunts jesse ain't got no
daddy jesse ain't got no daddy it bothered him in the case of sharp and sharp then was middle class
until his father abandoned the family then down to the ghetto in the case of farrakhan his mother
was estranged from her husband had a boyfriend took back up with the with the estranged husband
got pregnant didn't want the boyfriend to know because he tried to abort farrakhan with a coat
hanger on several occasions well that's right when you cheat on your wife when you cheat on your
wife folks you're really cheating on your kids i mean i mean that's the bottom line people think
it's so cool to cheat they think it's really sexy really fun i'm not judging people that have done
it we're human stuff goes but the point is it's certainly not something to be proud of the the
one of the greatest expressions i've ever heard about this alex is the best thing a father can
do for his children is to love their mother because when these kids get in the street alex
with no father they're thin skinned they're angry they're resent adults they have no idea
on how to resolve disputes in an intelligent way without profanity and without violence that's one
of the many things you see when you have an adult relationship in your house with your mother and
your father you're watching adults resolve disputes you're watching a guy get up and go
to work when he doesn't feel like it that's what you don't see hard work wins and we're discouraging
that with our welfare state uh and by incentivizing people into making bad moral decisions now it was
uh who was the football coach that said uh winners never quit and quitters never win
sounds like something bombardi would say that's who said it yeah it's so true though i mean i
i go down to demonstrations and things and we'll have communists and socialists down there and i'll
walk up they'll go look it's a capitalist and i look at them and i'm like look i mean you really
think communism is better than than what a free market and freedom creates i said look at what
communism does they just laugh i mean they really think that when they collapse america into
communism they're going to have some great time i mean they're just idiots they're just idiots
they're just morons they have no idea what they're doing well you know at 1900 at all three levels
alex government took about seven percent of the nation's income right now when you put a monetary
value on so-called unfunded mandates we're talking about federal state and local taking over 40 of
the people's income one of the reasons america has been so great is that we trusted our people with
our own money and with our own time we no longer do that we've got a president uh who's now added
the fourth leg to our welfare state we've got social security medicare medicaid and now obamacare
until and unless we reverse that we're going to still under produce two percent sucks as gdp we
should be rocket enrolling at four and four and five percent we should be creating three and four
and five hundred thousand jobs per month the way we did at this juncture during the ronald reagan
recovery this is the worst recovery since the great depression it's because of these policies
well it's not a recovery i mean that's even a hoax well even yeah you're right that last quarter we
had negative growth although they had revised it up with a little bit uh this is just awful and
you look at the percentage of people able-bodied people who've just given up the labor force
participation rate is what we ought to be looking at well i think a lot of i know a lot of hard
working people that are giving up because they're sick of watching lazy people sit around and live
off them but then that's what happens in any social society finally people working three jobs
give up and man then things really get bad well that's what mitt ronnie was talking about with
the 47 people weren't listening once you get to a point where over 50 of the voters are not paying
federal income taxes they can march in there and pull the lever for a raise on somebody else's
dime we are in deep deep well yeah they spun it that he didn't care about the other percent no
he was saying they're not listening to me they're on the government payroll they don't care they
don't care well you mentioned how they spin it and that really is a deeper problem when everybody
talks to me about the post-mortem what mitt romney could have done it could have done this could have
done that there's plenty of things he could have done it could have said that might have made made
him win but you have to go to the main what i call the main screen media alex all these people abc
nbc tbs i call it msnb he-haul virtually every minute they all distort everything stay there
wow this is amazing larry elder is really interesting person we got to have him at mom
for a full hour soon we'll come right back with a conclusion with larry elder straight ahead this
website larry elder.com if you're listening you know your basic freedoms are being threatened
every day if you're listening you know the economy is not getting better you know gas and food prices
are skyrocketing now is the time to get prepared for years we've told you about our friends at
efoods direct they have the best tasting long-term storable food on the planet this food will taste
just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight a long-term food supply allows you
to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most be prepared and get your
supply from efoods direct right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with
free shipping on all food supplies give yourself peace of mind and be prepared act now and call
800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com slash alex get free shipping on all orders for a limited time
call 800-409-5633 or go to efoodsdirect.com slash alex you can bet your life on efoods direct
digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins that bears repeating
digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins and pro em1
daily probiotic cleanse is the key to digestive health pro em1 is a powerful liquid probiotic
strong enough to cleanse gentle enough to use every day pro em1 is dairy wheat and soy free
contains all natural and certified organic ingredients contains no preservatives or animal
products supports a healthy digestive and immune system supports weight loss improves absorption
of food nutrients aids in controlling yeast infections is never freeze dried and uses
three groups of live viable beneficial microbes to cleanse and remove toxins order pro em1 daily
probiotic cleanse at tereganics.com spelled t-e-r-a-g-a-n-i-x.com tereganics.com or call
toll free 866-369-3678 that's 866-369-3678 pro em1 the raw probiotic
hello this is ty bowlinger author of the best-selling book cancer step outside the box
i want you to know some very important information in 1985 president ronald reagan requested that
carnivora be sent directly to the white house at a time when only the president could obtain this
world-class healer now 27 years later carnivore capsules are used around the world to keep people
healthy now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in this age of super bugs with 17
naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal cells only without harming a
single normal cell if you want to stay healthy now's your chance to literally wake up your
critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders that don't belong in your body call 1-866-venus
fly or order from carnivora.com that's c-a-r-n-i-v-o-r-a.com that's 1-866-836-8735
1-866-venus fly or visit carnivora.com protect your immune system it's the only one you've got
by the way i'll be back this sunday 4 to 6 pm
central on stations like 5 90 am here in austin texas we got rosa corey on the other end doing
interviews for an upcoming film i just ran back over here i tell you talk about working too much
i'm doing way too much to half the time it's all crazy uh larry elder uh and i've heard him on the
radio many times and had a chance to read some of the articles that are out there that he's put out
it's just spot on with the problems that our society uh is facing it's just the collectiveness
i go back to this i've read their writings they did this on purpose they want to dominate us they
want to control us they want us dependent and i think we should not call liberals liberals i i
really think whenever i talk to prominent libertarian conservatives like mr elder
i say look can we please stop calling them liberals because thomas jefferson was a liberal
these people are not liberals they're authoritarian social engineering eugenicist based monsters
at the top their writings are public they think we're idiots and and quite frankly i i think it's
despicable how they are trying to invoke racial division at a level that's cartoonish uh larry
i mean am i wrong in saying that we shouldn't call them liberals and that the race baiting
i mean it's obvious who the not even racist are they're just they're just trying to divide people
like social engineers coldly i mean you turn on msnbc it is absurdist it's so over the top that
if you don't agree to everything they want you're a racist with with no reason why you're a racist
well they're the ones who are the biggest the other day on my show i was called out because
uh there's an lapd officer black officer who's suing the lapd claiming that he's a victim of
racial discrimination and you look at his complaint alex there's a bunch of you know like
you know like station house prank somebody put some fried chicken on a cake on his 20th anniversary
in the forest somebody put a little mock caption on a on a picture of him with stanford and son
you know bsp this is the kind of stuff that cops do for crying out loud it's nothing more than
a shakedown this guy calls up he's very angry at me describes himself as white and said how
dare you you never seem to acknowledge racism et cetera et cetera i said you're the one who's a
bigot sir here i am simply outlining my case and you're angry at me because a black person is quote
fighting with the wrong guy what does that even mean these guys are the ones who play the race
card donna brazil is the one who referred to the republican party as having a white boy attitude
she said this when she was the uh the campaign manager for al gore out here in la there's a
state senator named diane watson who later on ran and became a u.s congresswoman during the a fight
to get rid of race-based preferences in california uh the guy who led the fight with a black man named
ward carterly so diane watson a black woman comes out and attacks him and says let me tell you why
you're supporting getting rid of race-based preferences you are married to a white woman
you don't want to be black you are you're not proud of yourself as a black man that's why you
support this can you imagine anybody republican saying that to anybody and then two days later
when a reporter confronted her she said that's right i said it and i don't take it back and she
ran for congress and got elected i can give you example after example after example of where
people on the left make the most hideous charges charlie wrangle said of republican congress after
1994 when they took it over he said they don't say s word anymore a slur for hispanics they don't
say n-word anymore the slur for for uh for blacks he used the actual slur they don't say s or n-word
anymore they just say let's cut taxes so cutting taxes is racist charlie wrangle also said george
w bush was our bull connor for people under 20 years old bull connor was that southern sheriff
who staked water hoses and dogs on civil rights workers when they were marching with martin luther
king are you kidding me george bush is our bull connor and furthermore charlie wrangle added and
if that doesn't make you angry i don't know what will end of quote unintentionally well now charlie
wrangle who's been on this show before said we must overcome white southerners and so does
sharpton something similar to get the guns like having guns is only for white people you know
martin luther king said be colorblind which i agree with and then the opposite they're always
about the color instead of the character of the deeds and what the person stands for and but for
the second amendment a whole lot of these civil rights workers and people that were defending
themselves would be dead you know what let's do a look uh could you do like five more minutes to
actually expand on that sure i can we're back in one minute going a little bit of overdrive
my website's info wars dot com and prison planet tv his is larry elder dot com
we're back this sunday four to six p.m central thank you for listening to gcn
visit gcnlive.com today
you may be arrested and or subject to other police action tyranny is here the grim future
foretold in 1984 has become reality it really says that the state is god the united states
is now recognized globally as one of the most oppressive police states on earth this film
conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of fema camps now being expanded nationwide
this documentary exposes how the continuity of government program has established an all-powerful
shadow state police state 4 chronicles the sickening depths to which our republic has
fallen prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship body scammers sound
cameras citizen spies stage terror and cameras on every street corner it's only the beginning
of the new world order's hellish plan the police state isn't coming it's here secure your copy
today at infowars.com or see it online in the highest quality at prisonplanet.tv
coast to coast direct from austin you're listening to the alex jones broadcasting network
big brother mainstream media government cover-ups you want answers well so does he
he's alex jones on the gcn radio network and now live from austin texas alex jones
you know on the issue of corporal punishment i think it's very important and in the few times
i did things that were really bad like take money out of my mom's purse or something because i
wanted a cap gun or something you know my dad gave me a really good weapon we got in trouble
with the football coaches when we were bad and forgotten you know trouble they give us a bunch
of pops you notice they've taken all that out and now people just shoot each other but i'm i'm
already segwaying off because i wanted to with with larry alder the big uh nashley syndicated
libertarian talk show host and the conservative commentator and best-selling author as well
and he's all over everything from um from cnn to fox news to you name it but we only have a few
minutes left but you were getting into your dad and i understand going too far you know really
coming from the hard streets and then still trying to be a dad and your kids aren't doing what you're
saying it's just nowadays they act like if you just spank your child it's criminal when it's not
and and it's much meaner to not teach someone that hey there's consequences to something if you're
not going to listen to me and if grounding you isn't enough i won't apologize for corporal
punishment i don't have to do it very much but they know it's there and and my wife won't spank
my kids and so sometimes they don't do what she says or she doesn't do it very often they know i
will and just from that they won't do stuff like walk out in the street so i'm not but that's a
side issue i just wanted to see if you had anything else to say about corporal punishment well all i
know is if my dad had died with with his estate having money and if the statute of limitations
hadn't expired alex i could see the sob for excessive punishment based on the way people
are right now are you kidding me people use the belt in those days people use the telephone cord
they use whatever they could whatever was nearby but they did it out of love as imperfectly as we
see that right now they just did it out of love and alex my dad worked two full-time jobs as a
janitor he cooked for a family on the weekend went to night school three nights a week to get
his ged because as i mentioned he was thrown out of the house by his mom when he was 13 years old
so the guy the guy averaged maybe four hours of sleep a night for decades so you add that plus
his background and okay he wasn't ward cleaver cleaver he wasn't warm but it's true the media
acts like if you even yell at your kid it's abuse that's because they don't want the parent in
control they're going to put them on ritalin and pros act you know to make them behave which is
assaulting their brain viciously the truth is dads get mad when they've got to spank their
child because you hate it so much you get even madder even though you don't show it that that
that you've got to do this to make them behave and as i mentioned it is important for us to learn
morals and values in my book dear father dear son i talk about uh with my dad a prison chaplain of
a federal prison who wanted to improve the morale of the prison so he went to one of these major
greeting card companies and got 500 greeting cards for mother's day took him back to the prison
and sure enough the men filled them out sent them off to good old mom and and the morale in the
prison improved so he thought he would do the same thing for father's day you know where i'm going
with this story caused a riot greeting card company gets 500 greeting cards company green
cards for father's day not one inmate alex not one wanted to send it out and send it to dad
now what does it tell you that you're four times more likely to end up in prison if you don't have
a dad at home that's right the people who are behind bars three out of four of them had either
no relationship or a bad relationship with their father it's incredible i got a minute left but
the whole issue it's on record that the second amendments would allow the civil rights movement
to happen the first gun laws were by the clan in the south to to not let newly freed black
americans have their guns and people don't realize that the clan as i mentioned we used to be called
the terror wing of the democratic party uh and as far as the civil rights movement is concerned
democrats voted unanimously against the 13 14th and 15th amendment that freed uh blacks that made
them citizens right away and that piece on paper gave them the right to vote uh democrats voted
against that stuff unanimously if you look at the civil rights act of 1964 as a percentage of the
party more republicans voted for it than did democrats so it puts a lot of this so-called
southern strategy as being racist what sense does it make to join a party where as a percentage
more of that party voted for the civil rights act of 54 than the party you left if you're leaving
because of racial reasons it makes no sense yeah it's not known that republicans voted for the
civil rights act more than the democrats i know it's just a total fraud it just shows
that not that republicans have obviously got their big issues too but i mean the democratic
party is just such a snake-like organization that they're just they're just so over the top
larry alder thank you that was an amazing interview thank you for your time sir next
time you're on i'll be more prepared to really get into things with you sir anytime alex anytime
all right we'll talk to you again soon there goes larry alder let's get him on in a month or so to
take calls uh we're going to be uh going into retransmission now great job with the crew have
a great safe weekend i'll see you back sunday four to six central nightly news tonight with
jim mars and a lot more seven o'clock you
