Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Welcome, ladies and gentlemen. It is Thursday, February 7th. I'm not Alex, I'm Aaron Dykes.
We're sitting in today. Alex is taking a well-deserved rest, spending some family time,
I hope. We're gonna bring you a lot of important news today. We've got several of our reporters
joining us, so we're going to have them bringing forth the most important news.
David Knight's gonna join us. We're gonna cover drones and a whole lot more. Sha'Carri
Jackson, David Ortiz, Melissa Melton, they're all coming up. But we are at an important
juncture in history. The authoritarians, the repugnance to the Constitution are completely
taking over the levers of power, but they're losing credibility very fast.
This Second Amendment battle has been a great moral victory for gun owners everywhere, but
we need to hold our ground even more, push forward, and win back the Cultural War. That,
of course, is what the Infowar is all about, and we're making significant grounds there.
The world's changing around us. You've seen the vast GMO battle that happened last year,
largely centered around Proposition 37 in California, which was officially lost.
But just like many of the battles in the American Revolution, losing isn't always really losing
because it was a significant threat to the establishment that's trying to force us to
eat unlabeled foods, lots of dangerous stuff in there. And now they're proposing a federal
compromise on GMO labeling that might trump state law forever.
And surprise, surprise, the big agra, big food industry is behind quite a bit of it.
Supermarkets cry foul as FDA proposes new food labeling under Obama. Will federal compromise
on GMO labeling trump state law forever? GMO giant Monsanto joins big business coalition
for UN agenda 21. And from Anthony Giucciardi over at Natural Society, safety group blows
lid on secret virus hidden in GMO crops.
We'll get to that later in the program. But these two headlines tell a story on the Second
Amendment battle. Well, maybe three headlines here. DHS purchases 21.6 million more rounds
of ammunition to go along with their more than 1.6 billion rounds. You've got to imagine
they're preparing for something. Of course, the entire Department of Homeland Security
was crafted, designed, put in place before 9-11.
But they used that crisis in a very Rahm Emanuel sense. They used that crisis, rode on the
backs of tragedy, all the tears everyone's hurt to push through a completely unconstitutional
system that we're still living under. And that we've got to expose and roll back so
we can put back in place our republic, our constitution, our Bill of Rights.
But while they're purchasing more ammunition to occupy America, unprecedented demand. Americans
purchase a gun every 1.5 seconds. And an 86-year-old woman grabs gun in self-defense, and she was
able to stave off a home robber. And that's what the Second Amendment's for. You would
really hope an 86-year-old woman would never have to come to arms.
But if no one else is there to protect her, and surely the police can't do it, you would
rather she's able to defend herself than let the criminals go wild. Yesterday, last night
on the Nightly News, I covered Luke Rudowsky's story there in New York City. Where there's
a total citizen disarmament, where you're not allowed not only to have concealed weapons,
but you're not allowed to carry knives or really even defend yourself.
And he tells the poignant story of a man, his name is Joe Lozito, who was attacked at
knife point on a subway and nearly died, but he was able to overcome his assailant. And
yet there were police, armed police on that train, no more than two feet away from him
through a door. And they refused cowardly to come through and save him because they
believe the assailant might have a gun.
Well, they have guns, yet they wouldn't respond because they say they have no duty to protect
and serve. Well, number one, we want to encourage law enforcement and military to indeed protect
and serve. And among the protections is not only the people, but the Constitution and
Bill of Rights.
Look, we've got to reawaken this country. We've got to go back to liberty, self-defense,
common sense people. We'll talk about it more on the other side. A lot of hot news today,
stay tuned. We're going to have a lot of special guests and reporters back on the other side
at empowards.com.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We're back at empowards.com. Now that song in the background is about selling your soul
to the company store. What's that all about? It's about liberty is this complex struggle
where even when you're free in name, we had a lot of indentured servants in this country,
of course, slavery. Even once they became free, were they really free because they had
to work on these fields owned by the company store.
They had to buy their products at the company store. They had to take out debt there and
really they could never get free except in their own souls. But if we awaken our minds,
if we understand what we're fighting for and why we want our rights in place, we can start
to take it back. The Bill of Rights is, in my view, the most promising aspect of the
American Revolution.
I touched on this last night. I try to touch on it all the time because that is the real
whole, that's the whole product of the entire enlightenment, the age of reason, the awakening,
the battle against kings and princes and tyrannical religious authorities to say that I'm going
to have my relationship with God on a one on one basis, but here on Earth, you're going
to respect my rights.
Keep your distance. We're going to create a buffer zone. We're going to separate powers
because all you people in power are corrupt. It always happens time and again. So here
we are once again at the best of times, the worst of times. We've got John Brennan on
Capitol Hill today seeking CIA confirmation. And this is, of course, the man who is one
of Obama's top advisers and the one considered responsible for these kill lists, these drone
strike lists where they just send over this automated thing, take out a suspected target
and plenty of collateral damage in between.
They don't care if they kill women, children, completely innocent people, as long as they
can claim they might have possibly been targeting someone who might be associated with Al Qaeda.
Now he's going to lead the already flawed CIA and bring no moral ground to it whatsoever
as we continue to deteriorate here. Meanwhile, you've got states like Texas introducing anti
drone legislation. Texas anti drone laws would be the toughest in the USA.
They're, of course, considering that legislation here in the state capitol. And they already
considered banning the TSA and bringing in private security at the airports here. In
fact, it passed overwhelmingly in the house and they use procedural moves to block it.
Meanwhile, behind the scenes, behind the curtain, they made extortion like threats threatening
to have a blockade on Texas, a no fly zone, and basically occupy the country federally
if they dared to say no to a clearly unconstitutional TSA.
Is it going to be the same with drones? We can see how they would violate our Fourth
Amendment, see how they would violate our privacy, see how they would circumvent due
process that's put into place so that criminals are dealt with under the law, but that there's
proper procedure there. You have people who are suspicious, you have evidence, you have
reasons to go investigate. You just don't go from place to place spying so you can collect
revenue and round up people and get people in the system and make a bigger collectivist
government raise up the coffers.
And we saw that too with Kurt Nemo's story from yesterday about how they're gonna do
checkpoints in Florida now, not just for DUI, not just to see if you might have been drinking,
if you might be a safety hazard out on the highways, but to see if your tires are too
worn, to see for registration stickers in place, to see if your lights are working,
see if they can give you a ticket and raise some money for the state and just harass you
a little bit when you've got a freedom to travel.
You've got your rights, and that's what we're fighting for in so many respects. And so there's
just news all over the place on that front. Now we're gonna get way into the drone issue
after the bottom of the hour. David Knight's gonna join us to bring us up to speed on some
of the latest. But you heard the headline in the past couple days, Department of Justice
Eric Holder telling us that it's, quote, legal to drone strike Americans.
Of course, in this context, they're implying that they mean Al Qaeda Americans living abroad
and just because they're born here doesn't mean we can't take them out by drone strike
without due process. Well, that's fine and good, and they've been doing all kinds of
things like that under the War on Terror. Of course, I don't think it's fine. I think
it's shameful the way we're prosecuting this empire and really just wreck and ruining other
countries.
But the point is, they're trying to legitimize, well, it's this Al Qaeda guy, so why do we
wanna bother with putting him on trial? It's Anwar al-Awlaki and his 16-year-old son, and
we'll take him out with a drone if we want. But think about it, here they are building
up drones here inside the United States, at least 30,000 plus drones being deployed by
law enforcement in different areas of the country.
The Fed's using it to spy, the EPA using it to spy on farms. They deployed planes to
supposedly monitor pollution and check for terrorism and just see if anyone has an unauthorized
something on land somewhere that the feds may not already control. We've got to start
saying no to this, and it is encouraging, whatever comes of it, that many of these states
are beginning to try, at least in name, to restrict drones.
But you've got things like Florida police want to use drones for crowd control. That's
more of the stuff we've already seen on that front. We'll get more into it, but they're
setting the stage for legitimizing not only killing foreign Americans abroad who might
be Al Qaeda, but for using drones, of course, domestically on possibly suspected domestic
terrorists.
Extremist Americans, political dissidents is, of course, what it really boils down to.
And you've got some really wicked and corrupt people for a long time, for many decades in
Washington, but they're just getting worse and worse. They're getting that feedback loop
of no one's going to stop them. No one's going to say no, they've got the controls of levers,
they bought out all the elections and politics.
And so no wonder you've got people like Jesse Jackson Jr. from one of the many oligarchical
dynastical families possibly facing jail time because of his many corruptions as a member
of the house. That's just one of many headlines here. And just interesting the stuff that's
going on. Let me reset here. There's a lot of interesting China news and this isn't really
my specialty.
I've probably got a lot of ignorance with China, but you can see there's people clearly
fighting for freedom there under a very authoritarian regime. We covered yesterday a wholly disgusting
territory. I mean, already the entire one child policy, the encouragement of abortion
and infanticide and looking the other way as children are sold into sex slavery and
child trafficking, and really just devaluing humans, especially little girls in China.
But even more disgusting, just that kind of a cherry on top of the icing that was already
on that authoritarian cake is this horrible case of the one child policy enforced for
these family planning officers who crushed a 13 year old boy to death because their parents
had more than one child and refused to pay the fine.
And that fine is a big payoff to the system. It's financially burdensome for a lot of struggling
Chinese people. And of course, children who are born outside of the one child policy,
many of them never are allowed to officially be recognized in the system. They in many
ways don't have rights or benefits. They can't get inside of different healthcare systems
and they pretty much have to live outside of the books.
It's a real tax, but you've got things like in Hong Kong, which is not China proper, of
course. Poor people in cages are having to pay rent, to rent $167 a month for about a
dozen, excuse me, the 67 year old former butcher in Hong Kong pays 1300 Hong Kong dollars, about
$167 a month for a dozen wire mesh cages resembling rabbit hutches that apparently people are
living in in this dilapidated town.
Meanwhile in Guangzhou, a Yangji village in China, I don't really know the area to be
honest, moats have been dug around a Chinese villagers house to drive them out. They're
pretty much taking over all these zones and handing them over to corporations, the kind
of stuff we've long seen in America and the Western world. And they're dealing with holdouts.
Most of the people sell without any resistance, but there have been many cases of resistors
in these villages and they've dug a moat to basically commit siege against these villagers
and force them to sell or basically starve.
And just a lot of disturbing news there. You remember the case last year where the man
wouldn't sell his property to the Chinese government. And I remember the case that we're
gonna hand it over to a corporation and he was holding out, he refused. And so they just
steamrolled him to death, just like this family planning worker just dehumanizingly, wantingly
just murdered, ran over with his vehicle, a car, a 13 month old baby boy.
I don't know how people can get to that point, but that's the kind of thing you see under
authoritarianism. We've got to fight back against it. Other news on Infowars.com, what's
behind the punishment for fake guns in schools? That's a John Rappaport article. We've seen
a lot of coverage of this, of course, whether it's the five year olds getting in trouble,
even arrested, put on their permanent record for bubble guns or kids getting in trouble
for drawing guns or talking about guns or making a hand sign for guns.
And I remember Brandon Smith, Alt Market, he made a good point that they know it's ridiculous.
Obviously it's not a threat. This is an Orwellian mind bending event where they're trying to
teach an entire new generation of children, obviously very impressionable, not yet in
touch with history or their rights or what's going on in this country.
Trying to teach an entire new generation of children that guns are bad, that they're repulsive,
to give them almost a Clockwork Orange-like auto response to the very image, the very
idea, the very discussion of guns. And so by punishing a few of these children as examples,
all children will have a chilling effect not to get into the gun culture.
That's the very opposite of what our founders talked about. I believe it was Richard Henry
Lee talked about, we should not only all have personal rights to arm ourselves and be trained
in guns, but especially the young should be trained in guns. Learn how to use them, learn
how to use them safely, be responsible, but know how to use them so that no one can run
over that culture.
That's the makings of a free society. And I know it sounds radical today, but people
are rediscovering that. That's what's happened with the Second Amendment. Mike Adams had
a great article yesterday highlighting the many victories maybe between the jaws of defeat
we've seen in the attempt to rein in guns. It's totally revitalized the culture. You've
had law enforcement and military standing up to say they're not gonna take part in any
confiscation.
You've had record purchases of guns, people lining up at gun stores, re-engaging in private
sales and preparing to resist the government through words, through the info war. Let's
not let it get violent, but if they ever try to trample on our rights that far, we're not
gonna let them do that either.
We'll be back on the other side a lot more ahead of us. Stay tuned.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
Good day. Jim Newcomer from Minus Resources. February 7th, 2013. Gold opened this morning
at 1675.40. A one-ounce gold coin can be purchased for 1717.07, 858.53 for a half-ounce, or 429.27
for a quarter-ounce. That's 1717.07, 858.53, and 429.27.
Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered why bank stockbrokers, investment advisors
won't talk about gold IRAs? Wait a sec. Gold and silver is going up while Congress is trying
to settle on the next debt increase, and there's no end to this madness. That old 401K and
IRA can be converted into physical gold without tax consequences. I explained this in my book,
10 Reasons to Buy Gold. Don't let time slip away. Call for your free copy today, 800-686-2237.
Get away from that Washington spin and get honest answers about gold. 800-686-2237. The
book is free, 800-686-2237.
Fall in love with food storage savings this February at BePrepared.com. Going on now,
BePrepared.com saves you over $300 with a premium 1,600 one-year supply, including 126
tons of freeze-dried and dehydrated food. Or get the new gourmet 14-day food supply
with a full 2,000 calories per day with pre-planned menu. Stroganoff and Noodles are 20% off with
purchase of six or more. Mountain House Pork Chops are back in stock at 34% off. Pack
your own low-moisture foods with our new do-it-yourself super pale combo on sale at 22% off. Add
to your preparedness with minor surgery kits at 15% off. And wool-blended blankets are
only $11.89. The February fall in love with savings sale ends February 28th at BePrepared.com.
For contents and details, visit BePrepared.com or call 800-999-1863. The choice is clear.
Be unprepared or BePrepared.com.
We're back again, Infowars.com. Alex is gonna be back shortly. But today, we're trying to
hold down the fort. We're gonna parade some of our excellent reporters coming up later
in the broadcast.
David Knight about to join us, Jakari Jackson, David Ortiz, Melissa Melton also all coming
up. And we're gonna break down all kinds of things going on in the news. We're gonna talk
about the cultural war. We're gonna talk about the symbols they hit at the Super Bowl and
how they hide the symbols in media all the time around us and how that assaults our psyche
and how that contributes to the way they dominate our culture.
And just one example of it, of course, we've talked so much about the Second Amendment,
about gun rights, and we've talked a lot here at Infowars.com about genocide. Well, yesterday,
the demand a plan crowd, which comes from the Mayors Against Illegal Guns, that's Bloomberg's
group. So you can see already where this is a very globalist-oriented, eugenics-oriented
group who really just badly wants to disarm America.
Well, they've rounded up all these celebrities they control in so many ways through the purse
strings, through who knows lifestyle, blackmail stuff. Tony Bennett, if Americans keep firearms,
the rest of the world will really take care of us. Kurt Nemo's got an article highlighting
his comments, showing the video, but they rolled out all kinds of celebrities. We talked
about Chris Rock yesterday, who is so ignorant and so backwards that he thinks the president
is the boss of the country instead of the other way around.
The president is just supposed to be an executor of the laws, kind of a bully pulpit representation
of the pulse of the people. They're not supposed to rule over us. Other countries have kings.
We fought a rebellion, we fought a war, we fought a revolution to not have a king so
that we could have a normal civil society with the balance of power as much representation
as possible.
Yet here's these mayors against illegal guns who don't understand the Second Amendment,
or some of which who do, but would just love to see the country destroyed, playing into
the hands of democide. Now, just remember for a minute, just for context, that Mayor
Bloomberg is one of these people who goes to these secret, genocidal meetings with Bill
Gates, with David Rockefeller, where they talk about how to curve the world's population.
It's those secret billionaire meetings where they bring in the top billionaires, people
like Oprah for show, but the real controllers, Bill Gates, David Rockefeller, and their powerful
foundations that spread eugenics, family planning, abortion around the world, and who are trying
to control the food supply through the GMO issues and doing so much more.
Here they are also behind the mayors against illegal guns via Bloomberg and all these other
brainwashed mayors rolling out these celebrities. And what does Tony Bennett say? He says that
gun owners basically are like the Nazis. And to paraphrase his remarks, if we don't rein
in the gun culture, this gun violence will be taken care of by the rest of the world.
In other words, he's suggesting there be a world war against America as if they were
the Nazi enemy because we haven't restricted our gun rights. Well, that is just a veiled
threat for the globalists to conquer America. I mean, that's what it's always been. Every
time they disarm, they then commit genocide, atrocities, and of course, take rights and
rack and ruin these countries to bring them under the yoke of the larger one world government
system for which I would argue the United Nations is just one vehicle of.
That's a larger agenda beyond that. That's kind of a shell building framework organization.
But like Gulliver's travels with the Lilliputians, they use 100 ropes, 100 binding things to
bring down the big enemy America, to bring down any free country and bind them down with
a bunch of small ropes. That's one thing the United Nations does.
But Tony Bennett here saying, excuse me, where's that quote? It's the kind of turn that happened
to the great country of Germany when Nazis came over and created tragic things and they
had to be told off. And if we continue this kind of violence and accepted it in our country,
the rest of the world's really gonna take care of us in a bad way.
And I really know history and I understand what's at stake with guns. Yeah, no, you don't
know nothing celebrity. And Chris Rock, who's told us that Obama's the dad of the country
and our boss and all these other no name celebrities insisting that they know bust and we must
turn in our arms. It's really become a desperate last gasp at this point because they've seen
the trends in social media, in the gun purchases.
People want the Second Amendment preserved. They're not gonna give in. They see through
this rhetoric of standing on the back of dead children, whether it be Sandy Hook or the
dead victims of the Colorado massacre. Of course, this is almost reaching the point
of beating a dead horse, but we must stand our ground for the Second Amendment.
It's just so flimsy. These people with no arguments, trying to take away our rights
and just pimping for these globalists. I know all about the funding behind it. I know what
these billionaires are up to. All these celebrities in these videos, by the way, come from 30
Rock. That's the Rockefeller Center in New York, NBC, all the most controlled aspects
of our society.
We've got to recognize it, say no. We'll be back. David Knight on the other side, drones,
radios, and the Illuminati culture all coming up ahead.
We're on the march. The Empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers. The prognosis for the entire planetary
economic system runs from bad to worse. The globalist model is to shut down societies
and starve patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover. That's why we've assembled
the most vital and important preparedness items at infowarshop.com.
These are items that I did research on that I personally use. We've got the LifeStraw
so you can turn fetid water into safe water anywhere you go. The Ktor Hand Crank Generator
to charge up key equipment during power outages or out in the field. Strategic Relocation
Third Edition by Joel Skousen. When Disaster Strikes by Matthew Stein. TheraSafe used by
Homeland Security to protect yourself during any radiological event. Hand Crank Shortwave
AM FM radios. Everything that we've researched and found to be the best is available at infowarshop.com
and your purchase makes our info war possible. We're getting prepared. Are you? Infowarsshop.com.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms. But if you don't have a home security
system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When
you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out Simply Safe.
It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to getsimplysafe.com.
Simply Safe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power, so even if the grid
goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit, or shed. Getsimplysafe.com. Simply Safe is also
ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger
into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever
you go. You aren't always at home, but Simply Safe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's getsimplysafe.com.
Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new Aquamedics advanced media for removal of fluoride
and other heavy metals, all in one filter element. It is the only one that does it,
and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
The answer to 1984 is 1776. You're listening to the Alex Jones Show.
We're back at infowars.com. I'm Aaron Dykes sitting in, but I'm going to be joined today
by a number of our reporters, and they're going to bring us some of the most important
elements of the smattering of news. Now at the beginning of the next hour, we're going
to start to take some calls. That call number is 1-800-259-9231. So let's see what kind
of topics you can bring to the table. I hope it's relevant. But joining me now is David
Knight, one of our newest members. You've seen him on the Infowars Nightly News, brings
a great deal of knowledge. It's been really interesting to get to know him and pick his
brain and see how it balances and messes with the other information that we've already put
together at Infowars. We're always growing here. That's why I love working here, because
it's food for the mind. It's re-understanding what's going on in this world and why things
are important and why we're taught American history. Well, there's so much behind the
scenes because it applies to everything. It's timeless because authoritarians and the mechanisms
of power and control just go in cycles. And so David Knight, tell us what you're bringing
to the table today.
Well, thank you, Aaron. I guess today the thing that is really breaking are these John
Brennan hearings. And it's kind of important because there's been a lot of leaks this last
week about things that are going on with the CIA, with drone assassinations, with torture,
that sort of thing. And Brennan has been kind of at the nexus of both torture and assassination.
He's been the apologist for this type of policy. As a matter of fact, he's been called by Ron
Wyden, Obama's counterterrorism chief, essentially. And now they're putting him up for CIA director.
So this week, as this is coming today, the hearings are today, but leading up to this,
we've had a number of leaks. The first there was a leak from the Holder Justice Department
talking about their quote unquote legal justification for these drone strikes and actually move
the bar a little bit from what people understood as to where they were.
Well, by legal, they just say it's legal. They say it's legal to just extra judicially
kill someone, just like they said it was legal to torture even children using pliers on their
genitals in the John Yoo memos and the other related torture memos under the Bush administration.
I mean, they'll just say it's legal, but it's disgusting and repugnant to any kind of human
morality to any kind of constitutional notion. I'm sorry, go ahead.
That's right, yeah. And we'll talk about the details of that. But just in general, that
was released. Then they also released some information that the CIA had been involved
in renditions using 54 different countries. So basically, this is another kind of legal
fiction where the CIA says, well, we don't torture anybody. No, they don't torture people,
they kidnap them and send them to other countries where they're tortured.
And there's 54 countries, including European countries that have been involved in this
type of thing. It's not just banana republics or third world dictators. And then there was
also a leak about a CIA drone base in Saudi Arabia. That's interesting because, and actually
that was the base that was used to kill Al Alaki, the first American citizen who was
assassinated by Obama. But that was interesting because that story was covered up for quite
some time by the Washington Post.
They claim that they released it this week just before the hearings because another news
organization was going to release it. But that's a situation where the media is carrying
water for the CIA.
Well, in many respects, they're owned by the CIA, you could argue.
Absolutely, absolutely. But this is a clear case so the public can see that this is happening.
And again, the timing of that is somewhat suspicious with these hearings coming up.
The interesting thing about the hearings from a political standpoint is that a lot of this
opposition and perhaps a lot of these leaks like you see coming from the Washington Post
is coming from some Democrats.
The only resistance that we seem to see and it is actually pretty weak and ineffective
resistance to these policies is from some Democrats. The Republicans by and large are
kind of cheering this stuff on. They're all for torture and that sort of thing. As a matter
of fact, last night I heard as I was driving home on the radio, I heard Sean Hannity had
somebody on his show and they were taking this classic left right paradigm to the extreme
where the one fellow that was a Democrat was defending Obama's assassination programs while
he was criticizing Bush's torture programs.
And then of course, Hannity took exactly the opposite position that torture was fine but
assassination was bad. And it's like the only thing that's being tortured here is reason
and morality and the legality of doing this stuff. I mean, it was such a torture discussion.
It was just amazing to hear these guys try to jump through hoops to defend one position
and not the other because there is no legal or moral justification for what they're doing,
either one of these guys, but they're defending it strictly on partisan grounds like that.
Well, obviously not. Now, John Brennan, of course, as we mentioned already, was behind
the kill list. He's the one who comes to Obama each week and says, here's the targets we
want to send drones over and strike. Now, they want to exploit our emotions and try
to tell us that 20 children who are dead at Sandy Hook by a random killer who apparently
was not properly profiled in society, that we should worry about that.
Well, here's two killers that we know about in the White House who have children's blood
on their hands. They drone strike a 17-year-old girl. John Brennan has the 17-year-old girl's
blood on his hands. So does Obama.
Yeah, and just from a pragmatic standpoint, one of the articles was talking about a Muslim
cleric who had taken a stand against Al Qaeda in his country. And he got a call from Al
Qaeda, and they said, we want to meet with you. So he was assigned a time and a place
to meet with him. He took a local law enforcement guy with him as kind of a backup. Three Al
Qaeda show up, and the five of them are talking.
And a drone strike hits, vaporizes all five of them and a nearby camel. Okay, now this
guy, if they wanted to really do something in terms of winning hearts and minds, I mean,
if you want to buy into the Republican vision of what this war is about, that it really
is some kind of a crusade, moral crusade, which I don't believe that it is. I believe
this whole thing is a false paradigm that it's set up by the CIA.
It's a sham for geopolitical control as well as domestic control.
Absolutely. But even if you want to take the position that these drone strikes are saving
American lives, it's like, really, exactly how are they saving American lives? I mean,
are they saving American lives because they're keeping the military from going in and attacking
these people? I mean, first of all, is this war justified? But then secondly, when they
destroy somebody like that, that is essentially on their side of the issue that is opposing
Al Qaeda, all that does is inflame the righteous indignation of the people who are there.
Think about Pearl Harbor. Think about the standard, again, the standard historical perspective
of Pearl Harbor. You have the Japanese bombing Pearl Harbor. Now clearly, we were arming
and a threat to them, more so even than you could, certainly more so than Al Qaeda is
a threat to us, okay? And you could argue that an attack was imminent. And yet, it resonates
with people that that was a day of infamy, that that was an unjustified preemptive attack.
And under the age old moral rules of war, you don't go to war preemptively.
Whoever strikes first is the moral loser. Exactly, exactly. That goes all the way back
to Augustine, 300 AD. And he basically laid out the, excuse me, he laid out the case for
just war. And what he said was, you don't strike first, you don't do more than you have
to. And the same sort of situation if somebody breaks in your home, once they are subdued,
you don't keep shooting.
So that type of thing, there's several aspects to just war. When you violate that morally,
when you are on a losing side, you invigorate the other side, if there are legitimately
two sides.
Well, that's the whole thing. That's why domestically here in America, we've got to recognize these
authoritarians and kick them out of power. Because they are bringing all that moral indignation
upon our nation in our name, even though they don't represent us, they're not accountable
to us. But all that torture stuff is about humiliating the Muslim, Islamic, Arabic, general
Middle East cultures.
Doing things with children, doing sexual things in these torture junctions, these drone strikes,
not seeing the face of the enemy. All that is about inflaming them while they discredit
them and try to paint them in a bad light through the al-Qaeda mechanism, which they
have raised as a specter for more than 40, 50 years, but especially in the last couple
of decades.
We talked about Anwar al-Awlaki, he's on record, he dined at the Pentagon, he was brought there,
he was investigated by the FBI, but apparently cleared through the CIA, through the Justice
Department. We know the hijackers were allowed to travel on visas. And these are just fronts
for the American and Western intelligence apparatus.
It's like a can opener, like you just paint the bad guy and then you can go into any country
you want.
Absolutely, and if you look at these, that takes us to the other part of this. These
54 countries that were involved in extraordinary renditions is the euphemism that they use.
You had Libya under Qaddafi, was a partner of the CIA in torture. You had Egypt under
Mubarak, you had Syria under Assad, Iran under Ahmadinejad. These are all people that we're
told we have to go to war to take out, and yet they're partners with the CIA in torturing
people.
It's the same kind of phony paradigm that we've got, this guy is actually a bad guy,
like you said, Al-Awlaki went into the Pentagon and was dining with people, right? So these
same people like Qaddafi that we go in to take out, he was actually helping us to torture
people with the CIA.
I think the simplest way to sum it up is that the worst people rise to the top in every
culture, every country. We learn to respect them and trust them cuz they look like us,
because we're from that particular area of the world. And they all secretly work behind
the scenes through these shadow government apparatuses to dominate people everywhere
worldwide.
But specifically with these 54 plus torture dungeons, they've misdirected us into only
talking about Guantanamo Bay, which by the way, Obama the liar promised to close, never
did. And of course, bad things happen at Guantanamo, all the weird sensory deprivation, force feeding
stuff and general torture. But yeah, then you've got these black hole prisons in places
like Romania, and Poland, and Egypt, and Saudi Arabia, and Libya, and all around the world.
And just like these free trade zones where they make everyone in the world operate under
globalism rules, it's bad for most of the general public.
But then they always have exception zones, so-called free zones where they're allowed
to not pay taxes in whatever local country they're in, not subject to any of the laws
there. And it's just this black hole culture where they think they can get away with whatever
they want, and they must be horrible in these prisons.
Yeah, one article that I thought was really good was from antiwar.com, and it had 20 facts
that you should know about extraordinary rendition. And as I was listening, like I said, I listened
to conservative radio and Fox News and how they were spinning this stuff, trying to defend
torture at the same time than trying to attack assassinations. And what they were saying
was that this is not really that bad.
I mean, waterboarding is not really, you're kind of scaring people or you're depriving
them of sleep or whatever. This is truly, I don't have time to read all of this, but
it is truly amazing. You've got innocent people like a German national who happens to be Arabic
or Islamic or whatever, kidnapped, that's what extraordinary renditioning is, kidnapped
and taken to Afghanistan, tortured for 77 days.
You've got one guy who was seized in Iran, held for 77 days in the CIA's dark prison
in Afghanistan, subjected to sleep deprivation, hung from the ceiling by his arms and a strip
auto position, threatened by dogs, made to watch torture videos, subjected to sounds
of electronic sawing accompanied by cries of pain. You've got one of these fellows who
is threatened to have a relative of his, this is another common thing that they do, is bring
in children, wives, mothers, and threaten to torture them in front of the people.
And it's just amazing the stuff that you see here. This is our government, okay? This is
our government, the CIA, that is at the center. You've got all these 54 countries and their
names have been made public and it's creating scandals in the UK and other European countries.
People are calling for people to resign. But at the center of it is our government.
Our government hijacked by the repugnance are modeling themselves on literal brainwashing
techniques from communist China, North Korea, from the Spanish Inquisition. It's the worst
of the worst stuff done in our name and it's so insulting to everyone involved.
And yet what you see here is you can't get a unified front from either the Democrats
or Republicans to say, this is wrong, let's stop it. These perpetual wars are wrong, let's
stop them. Instead, they're just trying to defend their guy. If their guy is torturing
but not assassinating or this or that. But it was even more ridiculous for the Democrat
because Obama is continuing all these torturing programs as well as adding assassination.
That's the actual thing that's going on. It's not like he stopped the torturing, of course
he didn't stop the torturing. He's just adding this assassination, especially of American
citizens.
And that's one of the things in this legal memo that was really amazing is to see what
they say to defend it. They say that it's legal, it's effective. And one of the things
that they pointed out in the memo, they had four conditions. And they said that you need
to have an informed high level official of the US government determined that the targeted
individual poses an imminent threat of violence against the United States.
Two, capture is not feasible. And three, the operation will be conducted in a manner consistent
with the application with applicable laws of war principles. Well, it has to be all
three of those, right? And if it's going to be applicable with the law of war principles,
then it's going to fail every time. Because again, we're back to a situation where they're
not only saying that, we were concerned about the drone assassinations initially, because
they were being conducted against people who had not been given due process, okay?
That was what everybody was concerned about. But they're not even saying that they need
to have studied the situation and determined that this person was responsible for an attack.
They're not even saying that that person is planning an attack. Now what they're saying
is it's enough that that person is associated with Al Qaeda or some other group that they
have labeled as terrorists.
And see how they're moving the football field first since we were attacked, so let's go
get retaliation. Well, that's one thing. But now it's all the way whittled down to, well,
you're associated with people who might be Al Qaeda, might be extremists. And that's
just what's so disgusting because you can see how they're trying to bring the war home
here to occupy America and to target dissidents.
It happens in every country, it's very historical. But again, this drone stuff, this torture
stuff completely is a continuation, a parallel to the worst of the abuses on the Bush administration,
which is a complete upending of our entire country. And again, they were already torturing
people, already doing all this extrajudicial stuff. But then they write white papers and
memos out of the White House to justify it after the fact.
Yes, and I would say to people like Hannity who say that waterboarding is not torture.
Is he aware of the fact that waterboarding was done by Japanese officers against Allied
soldiers during World War II? And that those Japanese officers were considered to be war
criminals. Some of them were executed for doing that. That's what we understood. I mean,
it's amazing how we have slid down this slope.
We look at the standards and say, if you attack a country before that country has attacked
you, that is a gross and immoral violation of law and of ethics. But now we accept that.
And we say that we can torture people with water. When they tortured people with waterboarding,
when the Japanese did it, it was a horrific thing. And these people were criminals. Now
we defend it.
I agree with you, but it's like they want us to focus on the tree instead of the forest.
They want to send a semantical debate over what waterboarding is. And for one thing,
it's all about the context. If you're in a dungeon or a cell being surrounded by guys,
you could just wave a finger in front of someone's face for enough hours and it becomes torturous.
Yeah, absolutely. But going to the assassination stuff, I mean, here's an exchange with the
director of the FBI. This is about a year ago. This representative said, so I guess
from a historical perspective, this is representative Tom Grays.
All that thought. We're coming up on the break again. We're going to do calls later in the
next hour. 1-800-259-9231. We'll be back with David Knight. A lot more news ahead. Stay
tuned. Infowars.com. We'll be back on the other side.
Looking back on 2012, I know personally I'm thanking God that my family and I made it
through the year from natural disasters like Hurricane Sandy and the devastating summer
drought to the family hardships brought on by a disastrous economy. Our hearts go out
to those that have lost everything. My friends at eFoods Direct hear from customers every
day that are fortunate to weather life's storm by having a supply of food on hand. Danny
from New York City wrote in following Hurricane Sandy and said, Almost all the grocery stores
are closed, but I managed to get my eFoods just in time to be able to help my sister
and my niece. Bottom line, it's better to be prepared 10 years too early and one day
too late. Feed common senses warning and do what I've done. Call 800-409-5633 today or
go to efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex. They have the best tasting long term storable
food on the planet. Call 800-409-5633 and ask about the Alex Jones special or go to
efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex. Get self sufficient today. Call 800-409-5633 or efoodsdirect.com
forward slash Alex. Balance, harmony, mental alertness, physical wellbeing. If once you
possess these qualities but stress now weighs you down, you can get your mental edge back
in a holistic approach with Nutropic Mind Power from mindregard.com. Not a drug. Nutropic
Mind Power is a lasting proven natural supplement with 12 powerful ingredients in nutraceutical
compounds and are non-GMO. Plus it's gluten free, wheat free and formulated by Americans
for Americans by an NSF certified laboratory. Nutropic Mind Power is available at mindregard.com
spelled M-I-N-D-R-E-G-A-R-D.com and comes with a 100% money back guarantee. Free your
mind with Nutropic Mind Power cognitive supplement from mindregard.com. Mind Regard, clearly
see tomorrow and yesterday today.
Is this the year you finally get serious about your family's drinking water? If so, keep
listening for a special offer from Big Berkey Water Filters. Did you know that over 60%
of municipal water is fluoridated? Berkey Water Filters distinguish themselves from
many other filtration systems with the capability to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine,
fluoride, arsenic and disinfection byproducts from municipal water via the Black Berkey
and PF line of filters. Then there's affordability. At only 1.7 cents per gallon, Berkey Water
Filters purify treated and untreated water, even stagnant pond water. Stop and think how
much money you could save by simply reducing buying bottled water and using water filtered
by your Berkey Water Filter. No need to be constantly replacing expensive filters with
a Berkey. A single set of filters can last for 5 to 10 years. Choose the best size Berkey
for your needs at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com. And right now, all GCN listeners get 5% off
all ceramic filter systems. Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY. That's 877-99-B-E-R-K-E-Y or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
Get free shipping on every order over $50. Big Berkey Water Filters, for the love of
clean water.
And we do need to let them stop depraving us, stop forcing us. At what point are we
going to say no? I'd like to get into some of the GMO news in the next hour, but we do
want your calls as well, 1-800-259-9231. Now back to David Knight on the topic of drones,
on the topic of torture, and really on the topic of how long is this phony war on terror
gonna continue?
We're already 12 years into it. There's not a real enemy, it's pretty clear. It's a shadow
enemy. We've exposed in so many ways how the Al-Qaeda so-called is really just an asset
of the larger shadow government, CIA and Pentagon run operation to try to dominate geopolitically
the world and really try to rescind the rights of Americans and get them under the yoke.
But we've had the whole Arab Spring uprisings, which they clearly incited but miscalculated,
I believe. And there's so many ways they're inducing more and more blowback and drones
are one of them.
They want to have this ongoing war, this never-ending empire to control the world for America to
be the first and last superpower as PNAC, the Project for New America Century, dubbed
it. And yet our troops have been overstretched. There are so many bases around the world.
And moreover, they're demoralized because they realize in so many of the regular troops
that what we're doing is wrong, that it's not for the reasons we've been told. We know
the WMD things are a lie. So that's one of the major reasons we're seeing drones, why
they're now trying to legitimize them. David Knight, your response.
Yeah, absolutely. You're talking about when is this war on terror gonna end? Well, it's
not going to end because as Ron Paul and others have pointed out, it's a war on a tactic.
It's like saying you're gonna declare war on sneak attacks. We didn't declare war on
sneak attacks, we were attacked by Pearl Harbor, right? And then what they've done is they've
extended this so that as you're seeing now, first it was like, well, we're gonna go after
some people that supposedly are behind a specific event, okay?
Then it becomes people who are maybe planning to do something. Now it's just people who
are associated with that. And what we should all worry about is that when they say that's
somebody that's merely associated with a terrorist group, let's understand that the MYAC report
were constitutionalist, conservatives, people who voted for Ron Paul, for Chuck Baldwin.
Puts pretty much any thinking individual in the terrorist category.
Right, right. People who are libertarians, conservatives, Tea Party members, these are
the types of people that have repeatedly been classified and tagged as terrorist opponents.
And war games by the military and memos recently from West Point strategizing about war on
terror and the MYAC report from 2009. I mean, there's too many of these to go through, but
there's so many places where we see that, yes, clearly there are many people in the
government and in the press and places like the Southern Poverty Law Center repeatedly
characterize constitutionalist, libertarians, conservatives, Tea Party people as terrorists.
So this should very much, and the fact that it's an American citizen that is being gone
after, once we get to the point where they don't have to give us due process, they don't
even have to claim that there is an event that they're reacting to or a plan that they're
reacting to, you're just merely associated with an ideology, which is what's going on
here.
That's a very dangerous situation for everybody. That part now that has now just resurfaced
with this legal memo is something that we should all be very concerned. And as this
is coming up, again, the chair of the Senate Intelligence Committee is none other than
Diane Feinstein. This woman seems to be at the center of everything pretty much that's
evil. And she had a quote about this hearing about John Brennan that's coming up today.
And she said that they would consider his information.
We're up against the hour, finish your point and we'll come back on the other side.
Well, basically what she's saying is that this is good that these memos have been leaked
because we need to be transparent about it as if transparency itself were virtue and
it isn't.
Well, it's virtuous if you otherwise have some virtue. We'll be back in just one minute
on the other side in the second hour, Infowars.com. A lot more news ahead. Other reporters stay
tuned.
This is GCN, the Genesis Communications Radio Network.
Tyranny is here. The grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality. It really says
that the state is God. The United States is now recognized globally as one of the most
impressive police states on earth. This film conclusively proves the existence of a secret
network of FEMA camps now being expanded nationwide. This documentary exposes how the continuity
of government program has established an old powerful shadow state. Police state four chronicles
the sickening depths to which our republic has fallen. Prepare to enter the secretive
world of emergency dictatorship, body scammers, sound cameras, citizen spies, stage terror
and cameras on every street corner. It's only the beginning of the new world order's hellish
plan. The police state isn't coming. It's here. Secure your copy today at Infowars.com
or see it online in the highest quality at prisonplanet.tv.
GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're in the second hour. This is Infowars.com on the Alex Jones
show. Alex is taking a day off, a well-deserved break. He needs to spend some time with his
family. Reset, relax. Meanwhile, we've got new uncertainty in Tunisia after assassination.
And this is coming in. I'm just seeing it for the first time, but apparently there's
riots going on, and you name it. And this is just more evidence that the Western concocted
Arab Spring has gone the wrong direction.
Or perhaps the direction they intended all along to sow the seeds of chaos so that they,
the supposed controllers, can bring order out of chaos. And we're seeing these countries,
Egypt slipping into total despotism, Tunisia with fresh riots, and the rest of the entire
region in increasing disarray. Iran is doing new posturing, saying they've had nuclear
all along, but are no threat to Israel.
They continue to leave on the table the possibility of a wider World War III type scenario. And
we just hope it doesn't come to that. But meanwhile, it's increasingly clear to me,
we were talking before the break about how they've targeted and painted Americans who
just have an ideology as potential terrorists, as extremists who need to be watched, monitored,
reined in, preemptively checked, pulled over at checkpoints, arrested.
And they really wanna just clamp down so that everyone becomes a dependent on the system
and just looks up to Big Daddy Obama, as Chris Rock called him, looks up to our boss, the
president, and just lets them top down, tell us what to do, even though they're known liars,
known criminals, admitted murderers, at least through the military apparatus, through these
cowardly and unwise drone strikes.
And you were getting into the supposed virtues of tyranny. Well, there's no virtue in a tyranny,
even through transparency.
That's right. What we're seeing is the reactions of even the people who oppose some of this
are really kind of looking to Obama as some kind of a dictator to just tell them where
we are on all this. As I was saying just before the break, Feinstein was saying that on Tuesday,
she said, well, this white paper was released without the consent of the administration.
So that should quell calls for more transparency. Well, Obama didn't release that. So it's not
transparency on his part. And it's not a virtue, even if he had released that information,
it's not a virtue to say, guess what, I'm gonna tell you about these illegal assassinations
that I'm doing without any due process of American citizens.
And you should be proud of me because I'm openly telling you about it. What that tells
us is that he's lost any sense of shame over violating these legal, moral, and ethical
considerations over violating his oath to the Constitution. But even someone who opposes
him, now that's Feinstein, who's head of the chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee.
Another senator, Ron Wyden, is actually opposed to John Brennan and has some questions about
him. But listen to what he says. He says he has questions like, how much evidence does
the president need to decide that a particular American is part of a terrorist group? Does
the president have to provide individual Americans with an opportunity to surrender?
Can the president or the intelligence agencies or the military kill an American who is inside
the United States? These are questions that need to be answered in a way that is consistent.
And you see once again how they move the goalposts, how they're bringing it home to America.
Right, they're bringing it home to America. But also look at what the attitude is behind
this, these questions that he asks. Basically, he's saying, please, dictator, tell me what
the new law is out of your mouth.
It's as if we didn't have a constitution, because they don't pay any attention to it.
And so when you get rid of the constitution, when you say that it is a living document
that isn't a controlling legal authority, as Al Gore said, we have no controlling legal
authority here. As Ron Wyden is saying, we don't know where the administration is, tell
us where we are. You're standing on slippery sand. You have no foundation to stand on.
Slippery sand, slippery slope leads to all-out despotism and tyranny. It's just happened
over and over in history. That's what's so frustrating about it. We'll get more into
that. We're gonna take calls as soon as we get on the other side of this break.
And of course, David Knight will be hosting the Info Wars Nightly News tonight. We're
doing it live this week, ladies and gentlemen. How exciting is that? Tune in, tell your friends,
subscribe, share it. Let's get the word out. Let's change things.
Looking back on 2012, I know personally I'm thanking God that my family and I made it
through the year. From natural disasters like Hurricane Sandy and the devastating summer
drought to the family hardships brought on by a disastrous economy.
Our hearts go out to those that have lost everything. My friends at eFoods Direct hear
from customers every day that are fortunate to weather life's storm by having a supply
of food on hand. Danny from New York City wrote in following Hurricane Sandy and said,
almost all the grocery stores are closed, but I managed to get my eFoods just in time
to be able to help my sister and my niece. Bottom line, it's better to be prepared 10
years too early and one day too late.
Now that we have moved into the winter season,
there is an increased need to support our immunity and health. At Silver Lungs, we are
committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection of silver-based products.
Our most popular silver-based products are the 32-ounce nano silver solutions, our 2-ounce
nano silver nasal applicators, as well as our all-natural silver soaps. Just released
is our 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents,
which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface. But rather, we have formulated
our silver gel using the natural skin-nourishing chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate
and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more effectively. Visit www.silverlungs.com
and click on our store page to find what silver-based products are best for you. That's www.silverlungs.com.
Millions of people are going to get sick this winter from colds, flu and other illnesses.
Don't be one of them. Protect yourself with Supernatural Silver, a revolutionary new broad
spectrum antibacterial solution. Recent advances in silver technology have resulted in a silver
solution that can be used daily to prevent bacteria, viruses, mold and food poisoning
and help improve wound healing. Supernatural Silver is safe enough to consume every day
while powerful enough to destroy the causes of many serious diseases such as strep, staph,
colonia, colds, flus and other harmful pathogens. This new technology has the ability to terminate
entire colonies of harmful bacteria at several hundred times the effectiveness of colloidal
or ionic silver solutions. The Science Digest Journal says silver is our mightiest germ
fighter. It is virtually non-toxic and is emerging as a wonder of modern medicine. Go
to www.supernaturalsilver.com today and use the promo code silver2012 for 20% off. That's
www.supernaturalsilver.com and like us on Facebook.
Ladies and gentlemen, the world is being made and remade according to a very disgusting,
dark, repugnant to the Constitution, authoritarian design. Just this week we see as Treasury
Secretary Timothy Geithner leaves office for Jacob Lew to take his place. He's rejoining
the Council on Foreign Relations vowed to destroy the country. They've got new news
on GMO. But back to David Knight first, you were finishing up your points on torture on
drones and this whole war on terror. Yeah, there was just one exchange that I thought
was really critical. They placed about a year ago and it was Representative Tom Graves talking
to FBI Director Robert Mueller. And Tom Graves said him, so I guess from a historical perspective,
does the federal government have the ability to kill a US citizen on United States soil
or only overseas? And this is what the FBI director said, I'm gonna defer that to others
in the Justice Department. Would not give him a clear answer. So we know where this
is headed, right?
Yes.
And when the Justice Department came in, Eric Holder said that there are no limits to quote
the geographic scope of our ability to use force. And they made it clear all these senators
who cannot find it amongst themselves to oppose torture or to oppose drone assassinations.
These are also the senators that just voted this last November unanimously for the indefinite
detention of American citizens on American soil under the NDAA.
Yeah, they've been over and just passed the NDAA, completely stripping away any of the
last messages of our due process of our Bill of Rights. But just read that quote one more
time because we've seen how they're trying to bring the drone war, the occupation of
America home. That's what all the continuity of government, all the leaked documents about
FEMA camps to just general Homeland Security operations, all the painting of dissidents
and patriots and returning veterans.
They want them all in the eyes of the public disarmed in terms of their ideology and their
ability just to operate and be individuals in this country. Read that quote one more
time because they are planning to bring home this war to American soil.
Holder said there are no limits to the geographic scope of our ability to use force. No limits.
And clearly they don't see if there's any legal limits to what they can do in terms
of the military use of using the military's police, militarizing the police, indefinite
detention without trial, execution of people without trial, execution of people even without
a crime having been committed, without evidence of a crime even being planned merely by somebody's
association with a group that they target and label as terrorist.
And that's a label that we've talked about has been thrown around pretty indiscriminately
and at a lot of people.
And there's Eric Holder knowingly with the blood of Fast and Furious on his hands. And
he and John Brennan and Obama think that because they do these unconstitutional immoral things
by proxy that somehow that doesn't morally fall back on them.
They're gonna have a big price to pay in their soul. But at the same time, we've got to work
overtime to expose them, to get them out of power. I wanna go to a call and we can continue
this discussion. Frank in Indiana, you've been holding the longest.
Yeah, thank you, gentlemen. And what I wanted to talk about is exactly what you're talking
about. First of all, I wanna call everyone, make your peace with God, pick up the Bible,
start in Matthew or John. And second of all, now is the time for civil disobedience and
for political activism. You're going along with what you guys are saying. That's why
they're putting 30,000 drones in disguise. That's why they're putting all these TV shows,
demonizing the founding fathers and guns because it's getting to the point to where they are
going to call the Americans the terrorists and they will justify killing us. And that's
exactly where it's headed to. You look at all the rounds of ammo, almost 2 billion rounds
of ammo. Why? Why? I think about it, people. Now's the time to stand up because listening
to the show just isn't enough. I plead with everybody, please stand up and take action.
And one more thing I would like to suggest, I'd like to suggest a come and take it bumper
sticker with infowars.com at the bottom of it.
Great, I agree. And of course, you're right, we need to get right with God. But the other
reason to go read the Bible is a lot of Christian people sometimes just focus on the New Testament.
The Old Testament is an incredible line of how history cycles over and over. And when
the Jewish people broke the covenant, they were always dominated and they would have
usurper takeover or they'd be taken over by another tribe. And you can see over and over
again how when you break the system, when you go against the Constitution in the case
of our country, the moral indignation, the ruin that it brings upon you, your response,
David?
Well, that brings us to the interpretation of Romans 13, right? Many churches have adopted
the same interpretation of it that was popular in Nazi Germany, which is, if somebody is
an authority, they're obviously been put there by God and they have the right to do whatever
they want to. That's how you get to Nuremberg. But the real interpretation of Romans 13 is
that God establishes governments to help to establish legal authority and to create a
peaceful system.
And once these governments get out of line of what is good, what God defines as good
out of things that are absolutely, obviously moral to everybody, whether you're a Christian
or not. You understand that killing people who haven't done anything to harm somebody,
that grates against you whether you're a Christian or not. You've got that natural understanding
of that. And so once you get a government that starts acting in a criminal way, that's
essentially the same as if you've got a father and a family who was abusing his wife or children.
That father no longer is using the role that he is no longer in the legitimate role that
he's been put in. He has lost his authority. That's what's happened to our government.
And as the caller points out, it's time for us to start doing things, looking for organizations,
looking for ways to peacefully and legally try to stop this with civil disobedience because
it is quite clear that we're not going to find any allies in either the Republican or
the Democratic Party.
There's one-
No, we know who they're working for.
Right, and we know that the electoral system is completely corrupted. And so we can see
that none of them have any problems with these policies that we're talking about of assassination,
endless undeclared war, torturing, you name it. Suspending due process for people, suspending-
Well, that's why the Bible also talks about my people perish for a lack of a vision. We
have to use the info wars, a vector point to re-identify. Are you going to be with the
Bill of Rights? Are you going to be for due process? Or are you going to be just for arbitrary
law and dictators running rough shot all over everyone?
Now our next caller, I see the name is Matt Lapasic. That's one of the biggest We Are
Change activists. He's been doing this for years, many events over the years. Welcome
to the show, Matt.
Hey, how are you doing?
Pretty good.
Hey, I'm calling in today because this is one of those red alert type of days. We found
out on January 25th, Keith Pantaleum, another old We Are Change member here in New York,
was actually arrested on some very, very, very serious charges. You may have heard the
other day when Glenn called in from New Jersey to let everybody know, when I first found
out.
So we're trying to get the word out. Keith's been with us since 2008, and now he's been
in jail in Hudson County since the 25th of January. He's in jail right now.
Hold on one second. They're saying they have the story over there. Can we pull that up
while you're giving us the story here? I just want to see what's going on. Okay, they're
letting me know in the booth. They've been following the story. Please continue, Matt.
Well, a pseudo journalist over there at NJ.com ran a wonderful hit piece associating Keith
with the Sandy Hook massacre because he simply had a rifle and a handgun and a couple of
other weapons in his home, all of which were legally acquired.
This is the big bullet point here. What happened is that the upstairs tenant in Keith's apartment
simply called the police, called the police because he didn't have heat in his building.
The police arrived at Keith's apartment and the landlord was there and let him into Keith's
apartment. Not knowing that Keith was there, Keith heard some noises and he immediately
reacted and he left his bedroom to find a man standing in his living room dressed in
plain black.
And then he saw his door was open, a police officer and a landlord. Keith at that time
had his gun in his hand. He was responding to noises. And at that point, the police officer
arrested him. We have pretty much a campaign right now at tyrannyredalert.com. I hate to
ask for donations. We never like doing this, but tyrannyredalert.com is a quick domain
that we bought. This is redirecting to Keith's donation page.
Keith is currently on a $75,000 bond. We're currently looking to get $10,000 in order
to get the attorney. Keith's father has already donated $5,000. Wonderful people like all
of you have already donated at tyrannyredalert.com.
Can we pull that story back up? We found it. It's been in the New Jersey press, the very
story you're talking about. Jersey City police say man had a legal rifle, handguns, prohibited
bullets in his home. So people can look at that headline to see more about the story.
So what exactly has he been charged with?
As of right now is it charges are unlawful possession of two handguns, unlawful possession
of his rifle, unlawful possession of his ammunition and felony possession of an assault rifle.
All because without a warrant, without so much even as a knock on the door, the landlord
lets a gentleman police officers into his apartment. And when Keith simply opens his
bedroom door, he sees police officers. He's got a gun in his hand. He immediately realizes
what's going down. He puts the gun down. The officer asked what was that because it was
in its holder, all zipped up. The officer then immediately saw the gun and arrested
him, then asked for receipts, then even checked the validity of any of the guns.
Nowadays in 2013, you have got a gun, you are a enemy.
Sure, they brainwashed everybody. So yeah, that's the case of Keith Pantaleon. We can
look that up, David Keith.
That certainly is the case that's going on there. There's been other cases. There was
one, I remember a guy was in the process of moving across country and he was just stopping
through New Jersey, I believe. He had in his trunk some weapons that were stored in his
trunk, along with the other stuff he was clearly moving.
And his mother was concerned about him, called the police. They pulled the guy over and they
conducted a search of his car, found the weapons, and then went to send him to jail for a very
long time. These types of things that you're seeing happening in New Jersey, this is what's
going to happen across the country if these kinds of gun control laws go through.
This is what we all need. Help this person here, but also understand this is a pattern
of tyranny and of jeopardy that is going to be facing all gun owners if we don't stop
this law.
Or the other case where the New York police say, we don't have a duty to protect you and
we'll stand by even if you're being stabbed by a serial killer. We're going to get to
more calls on the other side. Jacari Jackson coming up to bring some fresh news to us.
David Ortiz, Melissa Melton later in the broadcast. And stay tuned, we got exciting stuff on this
Info Wars.
Thanks, Joe. Back on 2012. I know personally, I'm thanking God that my family and I made
it through the year from natural disasters like Hurricane Sandy and the devastating summer
drought to the family hardships brought on by disastrous economy. Our hearts go out to
those that have lost everything. My friends at e foods direct hear from customers every
day that are fortunate to weather life storm by having a supply of food on hand. Danny
from New York City wrote in following Hurricane Sandy and said almost all the grocery stores
are closed, but I managed to get my e foods just in time to be able to help my sister
and my niece. Bottom line, it's better to be prepared 10 years too early than one day
too late. He'd common sense is warning and do what I've done. Call 800 4095633 today
or go to e foods direct.com forward slash Alex, they have the best tasting long term
storable food on the planet. Call 800 4095633 and ask about the Alex Jones special or go
to e foods direct.com forward slash Alex get self sufficient today. Call 800 4095633 or
e foods direct.com forward slash Alex.
Hey there, Frank Bates here. Have you heard about the weird device that could wipe out
280 million Americans? This is really scary stuff. Defense experts warn that this odd
device poses the greatest threat we've ever known. In fact, just a few weeks ago, former
Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich wrote an op-ed piece for the Washington Post warning
about this deadly threat. I can't believe that more people aren't talking about this.
It may be because the liberals and the government are trying to cover it up. That's why my friend
just created a free video at weirddevice.com that exposes this threat and blows the doors
off the conspiracy. Go watch the shocking video at weirddevice.com right now to discover
exactly what it is. Plus, discover the number one way you and your family can survive this
deadly attack. I'm not sure how long this video will be online. So go to weirddevice.com
before it's gone forever. Again, that's weirddevice.com.
Oh, great. Now I've got to go to court.
Meet Tina now facing a future court date.
I can't afford an attorney.
And learn how to represent yourself in court step by step without a lawyer online at how
to win in court.com how to win in court.com how to win in court.com was created by a 27
year veteran attorney so you can know how to win without a lawyer. Now I can go to court
with confidence. Learn how at how to win in court.com the leader in lawsuit self-help
since 1997. Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered why banks, stock workers
investment advisors want to talk about gold IRAs? They've been available since 1986. Yet
the financial industry won't recognize the value of gold for your retirement. Gold is
outperformed paper investments yet no word about IRAs. If you would like to have gold
for your retirement call 800-686-2237. Don't get left behind by rising inflation and low
returns call 800-686-2237. Secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
It's time for a home security quiz. Answer this. What effective home security device
is smaller than a coffee cup fakes out burglars into thinking someone is home at your house
while you're away, plugs into any wall outlet, is recommended by many police departments
and sells for less than $35? Yes, it's fake TV. This year about one in every 50 US homes
will have a break in with burglars usually picking the easy target, a dark house that
looks like no one is home. Fake TV is a small electronic security device that makes it look
like someone is home watching TV by simulating the light from a real TV. It's like a lamp
on a timer but far more convincing. And for only $34.95 fake TV could be the difference
between coming home to a secure house or one that's been ransacked. Go to faketv.com or
call 1-877-5FAKETV. That's 877-532-5388 or go to faketv.com. Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
We're back at infowars.com. On the other side of this break at the bottom of the hour,
we're gonna be joined by Jakari Jackson. He's gonna be covering some rather disturbing news.
Yeah, there's a dark side to the Super Bowl and there's something that happens to society
when we give in and reduce ourselves to bread and circuses. That's why we need to accelerate
this reawakening but we're gonna jam in some calls. Cody in Pennsylvania, thanks for holding.
How you doing, man? Hey, I'm alright. How you doing? Good. My comment was in reference
to you and David were talking about just how DHS and other government groups are targeting
gun owners, libertarians and things like that. I had an experience before both of the shootings
happened in Colorado in Newtown where I tried to purchase a handgun and was denied, although
I have no felonies or any misdemeanors that would be considered a restriction on owning
a handgun. So you think you were flagged in the system for political speech or what's
going on? Well, the thing is, is later on, I had a gun stolen out of my car, my first
handgun, which I was approved for, and it was about two years old before it got stolen
and I went to report it to the police station and the police told me that it was in the
original owner's name and that the state hadn't put in the information.
Oh, so they forced the registration, the tracking of serial numbers, and then you get identified
as the criminal when an actual criminal steals your weapon. Isn't that interesting? Something
that doesn't seem to come up in the mainstream discussion. Well, let me give you 30 more
seconds and we're going to move on. Yeah, I mean, I just say if I got pulled over and
they wanted to check my car and everything else because I have political speech stickers
on my car and I had my handgun and I was legally carrying it, I would have went to jail until
they figured out that they made a mistake and I probably would have been denied a handgun
for that reason after the fact until they sorted their mess out and with no regard to
my safety. I hear you, it's troubling. Your phone's a
little bad, so I'm going to let you go, but I appreciate the call. That is something to
think about how registration can unfairly target someone and deny them their Second
Amendment rights.
There's so many troubling aspects with the gun control agenda that they want. We've analyzed
it in detail. Let's see what Janos in Canada has to say. Thanks for holding.
Hi, how are you? I'm hanging in there. What are you bringing
to the discussion today? Can I express myself or I need to follow the exact topic of the
gun control? It's open phones, but you got to move quickly
because we're coming up on a break and we're trying to get phones.
Okay, okay. I stopped watching television. There's so much evil there. All this mind
control there is just incredible. What I wanted to say is that it's so demonized. They try
to hypnotize people's minds and souls so you don't have time for your family. You can't
be focused. It's all propaganda on TV. I cannot believe this. Me as a believer, as a Christian,
I trust Jesus. And that's what I say to people, to all Americans and Canadians, to trust Jesus.
Jesus is the way. Jesus said, I am the way, the true and the
life. No man cometh in the Father, but mine me. But people now, they're putting their
faith in the government. They believe all these lies all the time. And I don't vote
for governmental officials. I don't vote for, let's say example, Stephen Harper from Canada
or Obama. They're all Freemasons. They're all liars.
They're all caught up in the system and all these entertainers are too. And that's why
we see at these Super Bowls and other high television rituals, such an extreme display
of these occultic hidden symbols. And there is an aspect of mind control going on. It
seems unbelievable to many people, but if you look more deeply into it, it's there.
We're gonna get into that in the third hour, actually. So I appreciate you bringing the
topic. Let's finish out the segment with Dave in Arizona. Thanks for holding, Dave.
Oh, yes. Hi, Aaron. I'm just gonna hit you right with the jab first. I think the mark
of the beast is in effect right now. And I'm gonna explain why. We don't wanna be part
of the evil done by the United States. Is that correct?
Yeah, you got about 40 seconds, but I'm with you on the point.
Hey, we have freedom of religion. Is that correct?
We're told we are, and it's pretty much what we decide to express, though.
Okay, well, the United States forces us to keep the beast alive. What if my religion
says I cannot take the name of an evil nation or use a number by which money is taken from
my wages? What if I wanna think one way, but a government tries to force me to think another?
You can't own property. It's hard to get a job, if not impossible, without a Social Security
number. You've gotta buy and sell under the cashless grid. It's coming. Thanks for your
call. We are going to break, but we're gonna be back on the other side with Sha'Carri Jackson.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms. But if you don't have a home security
system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When
you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's
a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to GetSimplySafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power, so even if the grid
goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit, or shed. GetSimplySafe.com. SimpliSafe is also
ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger
into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever
you go. You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com.
Looking back on 2012, I know personally I'm thanking God that my family and I made it
through the year from natural disasters like Hurricane Sandy and the devastating summer
drought to the family hardships brought on by a disastrous economy. Our hearts go out
to those that have lost everything. My friends at eFoods Direct hear from customers every
day that are fortunate to weather life's storm by having a supply of food on hand. Danny
from New York City wrote in following Hurricane Sandy and said, almost all the grocery stores
are closed, but I managed to get my eFoods just in time to be able to help my sister
and my niece. Bottom line, it's better to be prepared 10 years too early than one day
too late. Heed Common Sense's warning and do what I've done. Call 800-409-5633 today
or go to eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex. They have the best tasting long term storable
food on the planet. Call 800-409-5633 and ask about the Alex Jones special or go to
eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex. Get self-sufficient today. Call 800-409-5633 or eFoodsDirect.com
forward slash Alex. If you want an American company with American products made by Americans,
here is the Cal Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products
for years. These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut
oils that are earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at FiveStarSoap.com or call
800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps
that are twice as good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply
of soaps for all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands
of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at
FiveStarSoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. This is your last chance.
After this there is no turning back. You take the blue pill, the story ends, you wake up
in your bed and believe whatever you want to believe. You take the red pill, you stay
in wonderland and I show you how deep the rabbit hole goes. Remember, all I'm offering
is the truth, nothing more. The answer to 1984 is 1776. You're listening to the Alex
Jones Show. We're back at Infowars.com again. Aaron Dykes sitting in, but Jakari Jackson
is joining me and it's true. You can decide what you're going to believe, how far down
the rabbit hole you're going to go, but if you do go, don't look away. Embrace the truth
because there's some powerful stuff going on. If we don't route it out, we're all going
to be toppled over by that evil. Now we're going to get into the Super Bowl and some
of the many dangerous aspects of it, but first let's jam in one more call. JC in Connecticut,
thanks for holding. Hey, how you doing today? Hey, how you doing? I'm doing all right. I
wanted to talk really quick about a couple of things. First of all, I want to get into
the grand simulation thing. It's cool to call it computer simulation. I believe it's a little
more advanced than that. Obviously, considering we're taking a tiny, tiny slice of it and
then using our most powerful computer to decode it, but as all computers are, they're built
on code. Our computers are built on binary. If anyone's interested in the code of the
universe, I would look up sacred geometry, but I had one more thing I wanted to get into.
Yesterday, something happened on air. Alex started getting really... He started getting
to him. I could hear it in his voice and it got to me too because I feel the same way.
I could hear all these things, all this information. I'm pretty sure a lot of your listeners have
the same thing. It's not his fault. He's not trying to bring anyone down, but that's the
nature of the information. This is the only show that gives out the good information,
which is great, but I wanted to put something into the awareness of people. If anyone's
out there who is into the reason why everything is so depraved and everything is so messed
up, there's an article on called Rise of the Archons and another one called Never Call
Them Archons. Now, it's really out there. A lot of people, a lot of your listeners,
people ridiculed him on getting into God and Jesus and religion and all that. You know
what? That's great that he has... He believes in the one true God, the one person everyone
has to answer to. It's not necessarily religion to believe in someone who has all the answers
to the one person where everything was created from, or the one enough person, so much being.
But I wanted to get that out there. I hate when people start ridiculing God because I
do the same thing with religion. As soon as someone starts talking related, starts talking
God, there's a negative connotation there. People start thinking, oh, he's into religion
and I can't listen to it. There is a one true being out there and everyone's got an answer
to him, but everyone is a product of that creation with the same free will that that
creator has and has given us. So reading up on the archons, it's something that even if
you ridicule it and don't view it as truth, you are now aware of that possibility.
I appreciate that, caller, and I wasn't necessarily going to get into the whole are we a computer
simulation aspect today. It's obviously deeply philosophical, but the Bible talks about it
being a great test clearly refers to dimensions. If you don't go for that metaphor, if you
want to take it as a metaphor rather than truth, you've got the matrix. Either way you
look at it, we're being deceived, yet the actions we take, the moral stances we take
make a difference in this world. Martin Luther King talked about how the universe tends towards
justice. Well, that's only if we stand with our free will, as you mentioned, on principle
and turn against the darkness.
If we stand down, if we look away, if we don't hold accountable those who've taken the range
of power, they're going to try to tip it towards darkness, annihilation. And really, it's a
good segue into the kind of topic we're going to talk about. Jakari Jackson, you've been
reading through the news, you've been growing your mind here at the Infowar, already a great
mind and a great voice when you came here.
But it is such a dark and deep rabbit hole. There's so much information, but it reaches
a point, doesn't it?
It definitely does, it definitely does. And before I get into my topic right here, I just
want people to know we're following the situation in Tunisia. And I believe it's the article
we have pulled up on our screen in here. I believe this gentleman's name is Chokhi Belaid,
was shot dead outside his home on Wednesday morning, throwing the country into confusion
and prompting angry protest.
This seems to be one of the things that sparked the recent protest in Tunisia. So I just wanted
to throw that out there. But yes, what you were saying, Aaron, it's kind of a dark time,
and I believe Melissa Melton has already touched on this. I believe she'll be touching on it
again today, some of the occultism going on at the Super Bowl and other big events.
Not just the Super Bowl, not blaming the Baltimore Ravens for all these Illuminati symbols and
whatever else going on. But there is a dark side to sporting events in general, and I'm
not blaming the sports institutions. But we have this article out of the Huffington Post.
Super Bowl is single largest human trafficking incident in US as the Attorney General. Now,
this is something that came to my attention a few months ago. And it really bothered me
to see that there's such a large gathering for human trafficking, but it's something
under the table.
We even talked about a little bit when Formula One came here, and I actually have an article
about that I'll get to in a second, about how so many people are trafficked at these
events. Prostitutes are brought in, some of them underage. And it's this big show in
the sportsmanship and all that's well and good, but then you have this underside when
the game's over and people go to the hotels, they go wherever, and they interact with these
prostitutes.
That makes sense.
And human trafficking isn't just sexual trafficking, it's debt bondage, indentured servitude. And
we'll start off with some sexual bondage, but it's all types of things. I just wanna
read a little bit from this article.
According to Forbes, 10,000 prostitutes were brought to Miami for the Super Bowl in 2010.
As of Friday, this is in current times, as of Friday, five women were rescued and eight
human trafficking related arrests were made in New Orleans, according to Fox 8. And that's
just the tip.
I mean, I have stacks, cuz I originally wasn't even gonna talk about this today, because
I didn't think I could get enough information in time. But problem was, I didn't have enough
time to read through all these articles. There's just so much information on the topic, and
I have this next story from the International Business Times.
Sex trafficking at the Super Bowl, does America's dirtiest secret tarnish the NFL's biggest
event? And once again, I'm not blaming the NFL or any of these organizations, but this
is definitely something that's going on at these events.
Well, it's a societal thing. Yeah, and it's all over. It's the NFL, this one is about
the NBA. Now, this isn't so much about trafficking at the NBA, but the NBA got to a point. They
said, we need to speak out against this, and they actually went to Greece to demonstrate
against it.
I mean, it's a huge problem. Well, look how the Super Bowl brings together kind of the
worst aspects of society. I think it's great to be an athlete, being competitive and trying
to make yourself as good as you could be. Obviously, it makes sense. Being on sports
teams is fine. But in general, we've got a degraded, slipping away society. We're falling
apart at the seams because people are tuning into these sporting events.
They're losing touch with what's important, their family, the reasons for the country,
the most important institutions, keeping people accountable. And it's very much a parallel
to Roman history, which was a republic as well for 600 years. Then it was taken over
by emperors, and things just went downhill because the population in general, they called
it bread and circuses.
They'd be paid off with doles of bread, given free stuff, given entertainment. And this
allowed them to get in the mindset of buying into gladiatorial sports, celebrating two
warriors killing each other just for sport, just for show, bringing in slaves and letting
them be slaughtered by a gladiator, who himself is a slave but is a highly trained one. And
this is, again, it's not the athletes necessarily.
It's that the Super Bowl is the big spectacle. It's where all of television watching culminates
in a focus point.
And I believe this last one was the most watched event in history, if I saw that.
But look at who attends the Super Bowl. Those are high priced tickets. These are elite rich
people. Not all rich people, bad of course, but many of them get into these decadent forms
of society using prostitutes. And that's why you have 10,000 prostitutes there.
This epidemic of child slavery, and it just goes along with actually the kind of Masonic,
Satanic, Illuminati type symbolism that we've seen put on display by Madonna, by these other
entertainers and artists. This year was Beyonce. People wonder why we talk about celebrities
and what they show in their entertainment.
Well, it's a big mass ritual, a big spectacle for culture. And it's meant to represent the
overall culture of sports watching, television viewing, and it kind of underscores where
we're at in society. But get back to the actual human trafficking stuff, because it's a big
problem in general in society. And here it is at what everybody perceives to be an innocent
event, the Super Bowl.
You get your chips, you have some snack foods at home, and you get together with your buddies.
But there's a lot more to it underneath what people see.
Exactly, and we even have this article here. ESPN got to a point where they had to talk
about it. This was particularly about the World Cup back in 2010. And it said the Johannesburg
police estimated that 38,000 children each year were being forced into prostitution in
South Africa.
Some estimates are that the number is closer to 20,000, even if it's 20,000. Just in this
one area, and that's where they had the World Cup a few years ago. And then this article
I was referring to about Austin. Few arrests, no minor victims at Formula One sex trafficking
operation. And this article goes on to say they arrested 13 prostitutes at the Formula
One event just a few months ago.
And I mean, it goes on from that. That's just the opening of Pandora's box, so to speak.
And I have these FBI crime statistics from back in 2010. And this is human trafficking
incident cases open for investigation between January 2008 and 2010. So these are just the
incidents that had cases opened on them. Many of these incidents go unreported.
Yeah, it's vastly unreported. Yeah, exactly.
And I mean, it's shocking to me cuz you see they had a total, and these are just the ones
they knew about, 2,515 total incidents. They have sex trafficking at over 2,000, labor
trafficking over 200, and other types of unknown trafficking.
And you ask yourself why. I mean, prostitution is the oldest business in the world, as they
say. Maybe it's not even prostitution itself. Maybe it's this eugenics culture in terms
of life has become very cheap, especially in these authoritarian regimes. I mean, again,
look at China. They prevented 400,000 births through abortion and family planning.
But then when they have girls, well, Chinese society wants a boy because they want someone
who can get a job and support them. So the girls become practically worthless in the
eyes of many in that society. And these are the kind of vulnerable people who get sucked
into the sex trafficking, slavery aspects of things, and who's looking out for them
because life has become so cheap. Yeah, exactly, these eugenicists, these people
who get on there and they brag and they say, we wanna reduce the world population by X
number of percent. They don't care if you're one of the people who lives through that.
They don't care if you're a prostitute or you're a slave or you're whatever else. I
mean, it's a huge problem. It goes way beyond trafficking. That's what we're talking about
here today, but it goes way beyond trafficking.
But in Roman terms, the Super Bowl has really devolved into a grand orgy spectacle where
the most elite of society get together for, again, this big mass ritual and they just
engage in all kinds of things. Yeah, I mean, the halftime shows, and I believe
Melissa Nelson's gonna talk about this in a little bit, the halftime shows are just
big Illuminati. Whether you believe in that or not, they're just big cultic symbolism.
I mean, you can just look at the stuff and I mean, she'll break it down better than I
can but it's so much symbolism and it's not a nice family event anymore.
Years past, you could take your kids and maybe you had enough money to take the neighbor
kid down to the football game. You guys all have a good time and now, I mean, the thing
so it's so grandiose. I mean, and it's so absurd just over the top, even the halftime
shows. I mean, if I had a daughter, I wouldn't want her to watch all the stuff that goes
on there. Yeah, it's just weird and inappropriate for
a general audience but I would also submit the whole deal with symbolism. It is what
it is, you can read into the symbolism, there's different interpretations of the meaning.
But it mainly it's a hidden language meant for those who have, as the Bible says, eyes
to see, ears to hear. If you don't know what you're looking at, how is that affecting your
subconscious? I mean, what if Madonna or Beyonce got on stage and started speaking Greek to
an English speaking audience or speaking Arabic?
You would wonder what they're trying to say in a hidden coded fashion. Why are they talking
in a language that's not understood by people? Exactly.
That's one of the ways we need to look at these hidden languages. But again, it becomes
an excuse for people who are already decadent to go all out. And they did this in Roman
society during what we know today is the Christmas time, then it was Saturnalia Festival. And
in my view, it's very tied to satanic practices, where they would just encourage this kind
of running wild, running rampant, and just evolving more and more into this bread and
circuses mentality.
And again, you give up your right to control your own life, to control society and to hold
any of your leaders even remotely accountable when you give in to this kind of behavior
as a general society. I'm not judging anyone in particular for the things they're getting
involved in. But clearly this is abusive stuff. It's horrible to women and we'd like to rein
it in. It's such a hidden problem though.
It is. As you mentioned, it goes under reported.
It's the white slavery as it's called. And it's not slavery of white people. It's this
sex slavery. It's this indentured servitude, this we own you kind of aspect. And it's way
beyond the US. It's way beyond just women. I mean, there's children. I mean, to a much
lower extent, even men get sucked into this, adult males. But it's really large amounts
of women.
Next article here, human trafficking to UK rising. And this says, last year the authorities
learned of 946 victims compared to 710 in 2010. The report said that 712 adult victims
and 234 child victims were reported last year to the National Referral Mechanism. I actually
have this graph here.
Let me get a shot of this. And you can see the countries where these people are coming
from. You see Nigeria in the lead, Vietnam, Romania, and the list goes down from there.
And it says that the top 10 countries account for 64% of all referrals.
And again, Nigeria country with a high birth rate. So they've told us in the eugenics mentality,
those are worthless people. Don't worry about them. Who cares what happens to them? We just
need less of them. That is a disgusting mentality. And Alex has talked about this. I don't have
the articles in front of me cuz I wasn't prepared to talk about this.
But Dine Corps, the military contractor, got caught trafficking human slaves, sex slaves.
The United Nations has been part of this. And the United Nations in Africa just lets
these dictators slaughter their own people, encourages these factionalized wars, and disarms
populations to keep them from being able to resist and institute kind of a normal society.
While they look the other way to these mass epidemics, the systematic abuse of sex slavery,
human trafficking, you name it. And in the case of Dine Corps, they were caught, as in
the system knew about it. They were investigated. There were hearings in Congress even, but
basically it was at most a slap on the wrist.
They got some fines. The system looks the other way because they, at the top, the most
elite people want to engage in this. They're blackmailed into going along with it. And
it becomes epidemic with these illegitimate systems of government that have taken us over.
Look at the climate change hearings. Again, on behalf of the United Nations, they had
them. I think the Copenhagen hearing, they had the largest influx at that time of known
prostitutes. And of course, there's an underbelly again to that.
Are we going to break? We're going to break. We'll come back with your final thoughts,
maybe take some more calls. And then coming ahead, we've got David Ortiz, Melissa Melton,
and more of our great reporters for the Infowars Nightly News. It's getting exciting, isn't
it?
Yeah, it is.
We're going to be live tonight. Infowars Nightly News, 7 p.m. Central, 8 p.m. Eastern. David
Knight going to be hosting. Stay tuned.
Attention gardeners and patriots. Drought conditions in our nation's heartland and massive
Federal Reserve debt monetizing are creating the perfect conditions for dramatically higher
food prices in the months ahead. That means there has never been a better time to secure
an ongoing source of nutritionally dense food for you and your family. The Survival Seed
Bank contains the perfect mix of germination-tested, non-hybrid seeds. You get enough seeds to
plant a full acre crisis garden that can produce an endless supply of garden-fresh food. These
seeds have not been genetically modified in any way. And the best part, right now, every
Survival Seed Bank comes with an additional $300 in free seeds. It's the biggest seed
giveaway in seed bank history. This is the original best-selling Survival Seed Bank seen
on TV nationwide. Don't miss this amazing Survival Seed giveaway at SurvivalSeedBank.com.
Remember, in a real economic crisis, non-hybrid seeds are the ultimate barter item. Go to
SurvivalSeedBank.com today. That's SurvivalSeedBank.com.
Hello, this is Ty Bollinger, author of the best-selling book, Cancer Step Outside the
Box. I want you to know some very important information. In 1985, President Ronald Reagan
requested that Carnivora be sent directly to the White House at a time when only the
President could obtain this world-class healer. Now, 27 years later, Carnivora capsules are
used around the world to keep people healthy. Now you can protect yourself and your loved
ones in this age of superbugs with 17 naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond
to abnormal cells only without harming a single normal cell. If you want to stay healthy,
now's your chance to literally wake up your critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders
that don't belong in your body. Call 1-866-VENUSFLY or order from Carnivora.com. That's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A.com.
That's 1-866-836-8735, 1-866-VENUSFLY, or visit Carnivora.com. Protect your immune system.
It's the only one you've got. Lunch is ready!
And it's an MRE Smorgasbord at LongLifeFood.com. In 1983, Long Life Food Depot was one of the
first to sell MRE pouches to the public, and we're still selling them almost 30 years later.
Today, Long Life Food Depot has the world's most complete MRE online buffet because MREs
are all we do. Tasty varieties of chicken, beef, salmon, and pasta entrees, plus sandwiches
and our easy-to-use pouches. Full moisture, long shelf life, and ready to eat hot or cold.
We sell by the pouch or case, so the choices are endless and so are the graduated quantity
discounts. The more you buy, the more you save. Call 800-601-2833 or go to LongLifeFood.com
to join our email list for upcoming announcements, like the Rollaway Food Pod. Plus, enjoy fast
and free shipping. Just call 800-601-2833 or visit LongLifeFood.com. Emergency preparedness,
emergency relief, LongLifeFood.com since 1983, sending real food to your real future.
Aaron Dikes sitting in for Alex Jones. We're back on the broadcast, Infowars.com. Of course,
tonight, 7 p.m. Central. The Infowars Nightly News, again, we're doing it live this week
and it's exciting. David Knight's gonna do it tonight. I've done it the past two nights.
Jakari Jackson, we're coming to the end of the hour. We've got other reporters coming
in with different topics. But finish up on the dark side of the Super Bowl, the sex trafficking
slavery issue nobody wants to talk about.
Right, and it's not just a Super Bowl. I mean, it's all over. It's in various aspects of
entertainment, not just sports. I mean, it's all over and I mean, it's a big deal and I
don't wanna limit it just to that. But in my closing remarks, I wanna bring up some
of these remarks that various officials have made concerning just things such as rape and
trafficking and such as that.
And I have this article right here. US judge says victims' bodies can prevent rape. Yes,
it is as absurd as he said it. A Southern California judge is being publicly admonished
for saying rape victims didn't put up a fight during her assault. The California Commission
on Judicial Performance voted 10 to 0 to impose a public admonishment Thursday, saying Supreme
Court Judge Derrick Johnson's comments were inappropriate in a breach of judicial ethics.
Blame the victim mentality.
That's what it is. And that's the same thing with these elitists, these globalists. You're
a sex slave because you didn't put up enough of a fight to get out of that. And that's
the mentality of many of these people, but I'll move quick to our next one.
Richard Graham, UK lawmakers rape remarks draw condemnation. A British lawmaker's suggestion
that young women who wear high heels and short skirts put themselves at greater risk of rape
has drawn widespread condemnation. If you are blind drunk, these are his words, if you
are blind drunk and wearing those clothes, how are you able to get away?
He said to a group of people in my last one right here, corrupt judge exonerates 13 child
sex slave traders and ignores 130 witnesses as liars. In an unprecedented case with hundreds
of witnesses, a group of judges allowed 13 accused sex slave traders to walk and believe
their testimony that the victims were liars. So that's the mentality. I mean, you go to
the courts to get your justice, you have 130 witnesses, and now they're liars.
That's incredible. And again, same thing with Sandusky. They were reporting, I have an article
for that, that they were reporting him as a pedophile. Yeah, here it is right here.
Sandusky labeled likely pedophile in 1998 report. So they knew way back then that this
guy was at least suspect. I mean, maybe they didn't have any concrete evidence, but going
back to 1998, they had reason to suspect this guy was up to something.
Yeah, and again, of course, everyone's entitled to their defense, but he's now been convicted
it's proven. But the first thing they did was try to discredit the witnesses and say
that was a long time ago. You don't remember other reasons. They were supposedly their
own fault for being caught up in this stuff. When it was systematic, it was across the
board, it was institutionalized there at Penn State, other places around the country.
And that's just the way these people operate. And it's really troubling stuff. You wanna
take a call here? Sure, sure. Okay, we've got Paul in New Jersey. He's holding, he wants
to talk about guns. Thanks for holding. Well, guns and everything else. I mean, I'm
just gonna say a couple things. The UN, I mean, Al Qaeda is a terrorist organization
for the UN. NATO is the military arm of the UN, and we're paying for it all. And you pay
your income tax, where does it go? It goes to the IMF, International Monetary Fund. So
we're paying for our own destruction.
Isn't that the truth? I'd like to do a segment in the future on the IMF and how they hold
these countries hostage. They give them loans, hold them on strings, and then they impose
the kind of new world order corporatist system they want. We're coming up to the end of the
hour. Appreciate you, Jakari Jackson. We'll see you in the near future, see what you're
working on.
We got David Ortiz, Melissa Melton ahead. Info Wars Nightly News tonight. Stay tuned.
A lot of powerful information still ahead.
You are listening to GCN. Visit GCNlive.com today.
Millions of people are going to get sick this winter from colds, flu, and other illnesses.
Don't be one of them. Protect yourself with Supernatural Silver, a revolutionary new broad
spectrum antibacterial solution. Recent advances in silver technology have resulted in a silver
solution that can be used daily to prevent bacteria, viruses, mold, and food poisoning,
and help improve wound healing. Supernatural Silver is safe enough to consume every day
while powerful enough to destroy the causes of many serious diseases such as strep, staph,
pneumonia, colds, flus, and other harmful pathogens. This new technology has the ability
to terminate entire colonies of harmful bacteria at several hundred times the effectiveness
of colloidal or ionic silver solutions. The Science Digest Journal says silver is our
mightiest germ fighter. It is virtually non-toxic and is emerging as a wonder of modern medicine.
Go to SupernaturalSilver.com today and use the promo code Silver2012 for 20% off. That's
SupernaturalSilver.com and like us on Facebook. Waging war on corruption. Alex Jones on the
GCM Radio Network. Big Brother. Mainstream media. Government cover-ups. You want answers?
Well so does he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now live from Austin, Texas,
Alex Jones. We're back. This is the third hour again. I'm Aaron Dykes sitting in, but
I'm joined by an array of InfoWars Nightly News reporters all doing great work, all upping
their game, informing themselves, and taking it to the world so we can try to make a difference.
Got a great crew working in the background, too. We had a quick turnaround here, getting
people set into place. David Ortiz, you are at the helm now, so tell us what kind of things
are on your mind. What have you seen in the news cycle here lately?
Well there's a lot of good news going on as well, so I want to focus a little bit on some
of the good news. And one of the good news is Senator Rand Paul is reintroducing his
Audit the Fed bill. Obviously last year, that passed overwhelmingly. It was Dr. Ron Paul's
bill, and it passed in the House, 327 to 98, overwhelmingly. And then it made its way to
the Senate, and only 37 senators signed it. But it didn't make the floor. Had it made
the floor, a lot more senators would have supported it.
So just so you know, last year when it was introduced, Nancy Pelosi was quoted as saying,
I don't know that Congress and the public should be having a political impact on monetary
policy. The central banks in all countries have these responsibilities. If the thought
is we're politicizing monetary policy, I don't think that's a good idea.
And of course, the Constitution authorizes Congress to control the currency. And it doesn't
make sense for a private corporation, a private bank to issue and control the currency, especially
when they're using it clearly to engage in economic warfare, excuse me. But of course,
Ron Paul and the others who joined him finally, after tireless decades of pushing for the
issue, finally got just a partial minuscule puny kind of on the surface audit of the Federal
Reserve.
And they found all kinds of misappropriations, giving billions to banks, giving billions
to overseas foreign banks of taxpayer money, parking it at the Federal Reserve, giving
them interest free loans while allowing them to gain interest by just parking their money,
not loaning it out to small businesses, not using it to revive America.
Imagine how much more devastating information we'll find through a full audit. And again,
this is an important time because this is the year 2013, hard to believe. 100 years
ago, 1913 is when they passed the act that created the Federal Reserve System, of course,
in the dead of night on Christmas Eve, when most of the Congress had already been dismissed
and went home for the holidays.
They snuck it in and sabotaged against America because they know that the power to issue
currency is the power to destroy. Rothschild said he doesn't care who has an army, who
has political force. He doesn't care who makes the laws, just let him manipulate the currency.
David Ortiz.
Yeah, absolutely. And we have on record Bernanke saying we should print some more. They're
almost at the end of their rope there, but he's willing to print some more. And they're
devaluing our currency. I think inflation just over the last year has been about 10%.
So the good news is that this bill is being reintroduced. And now, four people who were
in the House last year who supported this bill are now senators. So there's a much better
chance. Obama has stated President Obama that he will not vote for it. But if this keeps
on passing in both chambers, he's gonna have a lot of egg on his face if he doesn't ultimately
approve this.
So even if it passes the Senate and the House this go around and Obama votes it down, he
could only do that for so long before the American people demand that he pass it. So
let's wish Senator Rand Paul luck on that.
Yeah, even the worst of politicians can be politically shamed into going along with something
that's actually good for people. I was just pulling up on Google Images, the purchasing
power of the US dollar since 1774. That, of course, is right around the start of the American
Revolution, the founding of the country.
And you can see there were definitely ups and downs. There were spikes, but it remained
relatively high. Then you come to the early 1900s. It's almost a straight graph down 45
degree angle to where we are in the present day, less than 5% of the original value of
the dollar. That will come up more ahead, but we need to talk more about the reauthorization
of the Federal Reserve Charter or rather the stopping of the Federal Reserve. We can hope
we'll have more on the other side.
Stay tuned, maybe even some calls.
The United States is now recognized globally as one of the most oppressive police states
on Earth. This film conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps
now being expanded nationwide. This documentary exposes how the continuity of government program
has established an all powerful shadow state. Police state four chronicles the sickening
depth to which our republic has fallen. Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency
dictatorship, body scammers, sound cameras, citizen spies, stage terror and cameras on
every street corner. It's only the beginning of the New World Order's hellish plan. The
police state isn't coming. It's here. Secure your copy today at Infowars.com or see it
online in the highest quality at prisonplanet.tv.
Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology can
bind silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal
of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that
does it and out of the gates. We have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine. Hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at Infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers. The prognosis for the entire planetary
economic system runs from bad to worse. The globalist model is to shut down societies
and starve patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover. That's why we've assembled
the most vital and important preparedness items at Infowarsshop.com. These are items
that I did research on that I personally use. We've got the LifeStraw so you can turn fetid
water into safe water anywhere you go. The Ktor Handcrank Generator to charge up key
equipment during power outages or out in the field. Strategic Relocation, third edition
by Joel Skousen. When disaster strikes by Matthew Stein. TheraSafe used by Homeland
Security to protect yourself during any radiological event. Handcrank shortwave AM-FM radios. Everything
that we've researched and found to be the best is available at Infowarsshop.com and
your purchase makes our Infowar possible. We're getting prepared. Are you? Infowarsshop.com.
We now take you live to the Central Texas Command Center in the heart of the resistance.
This is the Infowar, ladies and gentlemen. Engage your minds, open up to the larger reality
and start to take back your life. There's that old saying that the best revenge is living
well. The best way actually to defeat this tyranny is to take back the power of your
life into your own hands. I believe we need to decentralize the power that they've concentrated
in Washington DC, the spheres of Wall Street and the larger IMF, United Nations, Bank of
International Settlements, World Bank system that they're erecting to spread worldwide
tyranny. But if we just educate ourselves, tell others, of course, but change your own
life, that's the best way we can do it. But of course, we're part of a nation, we're part
of a country and currency. Again, we just blasted into it in the first short segment.
Now we have a long segment. David Ortiz, one of our Infowars nightly reporters here. Currency
is one of the most powerful mechanisms of control there is. There's political power,
there's military power. People like Rothschild said they're not so concerned about that as
long as they can control the currency. And we know that in the early days of colonial
America leading up to 1776, they had what was known as colonial script.
They issued their own currency, and they had a vivacious lively economy there. And I think
it was Ben Franklin who talked about how when they destroy their ability to issue their
own colonial script, that was the beginning of the end. That was perhaps the real trigger
towards revolution. There were many factors, the taxation, the abuses of civil liberties
and rights, the attempt to disarm the colonists.
But one of the most important was that currency thing. And we're seeing these issues crop
up again as people become educated about the Federal Reserve. And again, this is the 100
year anniversary of the tyrannical parasite, the Federal Reserve, who have changed our
system of currency, moved it away from gold and silver, moved it away from a controlled
based on the population fiat currency, which could work in theory, and just made it a weapon
of all out economic sabotage.
David Ortiz, please get back into some of these issues.
Well, absolutely. I mean, as you were saying, our currency is being devalued. I said earlier
in the segment, it's about 10% inflation annually, according to many independent studies. And
it seems that many states are taking action as a result of this. Last year, 13 states
represented bills to create their own currency or to, at the very least, create a committee
that would review the matter.
And it moved further along, depending on each state. Wyoming, I believe, either Wyoming
or Washington narrowly, it was voted down, but they almost created their own currency
in one of those two states. But it seems now that lawmakers in Virginia say they wanna
keep their options open in case the value of the US dollar ever collapses.
So they're considering minting state coinage. A bill passed in their house in Virginia to
create a committee to see if they will honor gold and silver as legal tender. So it's already
passed the Virginia House. If it goes to the Virginia Senate and passes, a committee will
be created to see if they could use gold and silver as a legal currency.
And that's already being done in Utah. And of course they're trying to convince us that
using gold and silver is a new form of terrorism and it's gonna undermine the economy. No,
it's been the Federal Reserve debasing the value of our money and using it as an insider
trading weapon where they can give, again, these zero interest loans to the bankers on
Wall Street, the big bankers, the Rothschild, Rockefeller factions, while the little people
have to pay huge inflation, huge, I'm sorry, huge prices for their money.
If they get a credit card, it's upwards of 20, 30% in many cases. But whereas many local
cities do issue their own currency, they have coupon systems and it's revitalized a lot
of failing cities across the country, even in the modern day. So why not look at those
kind of systems? I think it's encouraging that states like Virginia are looking at that.
Yeah, absolutely. I think at last count, it was about 20 communities throughout the United
States had their own currency. And it really helps the unemployed, low income people because
now their currency has value. So it's good to see that Virginia is doing this. Last year,
13 states reviewed this issue. Utah has passed a bill, as I stated earlier, to honor gold
and silver.
People are using it, so we wish the state of Virginia well.
Look, economic viability is one of our inherent rights. We have a right to our own lives and
to try to prosper. I mean, that's basic to the Declaration of Independence of the Constitution,
life, liberty, and pursuit of happiness. And they want us to be economic slaves to this
system to be told what to do out of Washington and on Wall Street, and it's just so backwards.
I mean, you see what I'm saying?
Yeah, absolutely. Like we stated earlier about Rand Paul's audit the Fed bill that's being
reintroduced. One of the reasons why the powers that be don't want that bill passed is because
once a light is shined on the Federal Reserve, it will send international markets into a
frenzy.
It's not so much because they wanna honor what the Federal Reserve does. They really
wanna cover for the Federal Reserve. So it's good to see that states are taking action.
Now in other important news in terms of victories, because the liberty movement is also experiencing
a lot of victories. In Washington State, they're preparing to take on the TSA. There's an article
posted on infowars.com where Representative Jason Overstreet is introducing a bill called
HB 1454. And it basically says that if the TSA abuses their power, if they take a child
away from a parent without the parent's consent, and they frisk the child and the parent doesn't
like that, they're gonna rule it a class C felony.
Now I don't know what a class C felony is, but clearly there's gonna be a penalty for
it.
Well, even a class B or class A misdemeanor could be some pretty serious jail time.
Yeah, absolutely. So it's good to see that the state of Washington is really repudiating
the TSA and they're introducing a bill as well to really put the TSA on their toes.
But again, we've been conditioned since 9-11 and the war on terror to just accept these
top down controls when they're abusive and make no sense. But they wanna engage us in
a semantical debate. It's like I was talking with David Knight earlier about the drone
situation and about torture. They wanna argue over the definition of waterboarding versus
torture.
I mean, the stuff they do at a TSA checkpoint is a form of harassment and torture. I mean,
why do they have to touch people's genitals into pants, harass old people and children
especially? Notice they're the most vulnerable sectors of society on either end of the spectrum.
Why do we have to be stopped and frisked and checked just to travel when we have a right
to travel? And again and again, anytime there is an incident of terrorism, it just links
back to the shadow government and to those in Washington who have an agenda for controlling
us.
Absolutely, these agencies just continue to grow and grow. The TSA is about $8 billion
a year agency. They have not caught one terrorist. It's not a good return on investment.
That's right, tell them again.
$8 billion a year, the TSA agency, that's how much it costs the taxpayers and they haven't
caught one terrorist. It's not a very-
But you get a lot of lip from people in a uniform who think it makes them important.
Yeah, absolutely, absolutely. But it's good to see that people are wising up to this.
But I've only, since I've been here at Infowars, started to re-recognize states' rights and
the importance of the 10th Amendment. But we've had a great awakening over several issues
just in the last year or two, thanks to people like Drudge Report covering the TSA issue.
Thanks to states like Texas overwhelmingly, unanimously passing the House that they wanted
to try to throw out the TSA. But then again, we're told by the feds, you can't do that.
We'll tell you what to do. We're the parent, we're the child. Obama is our daddy. Did you
see that clip yesterday?
Yeah, when I thought about that, I just thought we should all just close our eyes and envision
Obama picking us up and spinning us in a circle.
Oh, he could hug us like little children like Joseph Stalin or Fidel Castro or all the other
dictators around the world who pose for these poster images. Hitler went to many photo ops
with children.
Yeah, it's not very loving. The NDAA is not very loving. Drone attacks are not very loving.
A top-down approach is not very loving. But just speaking of Obama and the federal government,
I was making this point earlier with another reporter that the economy, any revitalization
that is taking place in the economy, Obama's getting credit for.
But in reality, it's because states are nullifying a lot of what he does. They're nullifying
right to work. They're nullifying Obamacare. So he's actually getting credit for some of
the improvements in the economy when, in fact, it's the states taking the matters into their
own hand, abolishing state income taxes, things of that nature.
And here you got Obama posing as the hero when, in fact, the states should be commended
for the revitalization of the economy, the little revitalization.
Look at the biggest spike in sales of the whole year. It's in guns. That's because Obama's
been trying to attack and rescind Second Amendment rights. It's because states have stood up
and introduced Firearms Protections Act, because sheriffs have stood up and said no, and because
the people have stood up and said, we see the value in self-defense and arming ourselves
and having you not tell us what to do and control our lives.
The TSA issue, again, $8 billion spent through federal tax money sucked out of the people.
Not one terrorist caught. Lots of harassment of the people. But also it's been economically
devastating. They admit tens of billions of dollars in travel money and hotel money and
leisure spending is all drying up because people don't want to travel and put up with
that harassment.
Absolutely, absolutely.
They've had major industry reps meet with the TSA, Pistole and Napolitano, Chertoff,
you name it, to say, can you please just back off? Can you please not now harass pilots
after harassing regular passengers? Because we want people to travel. We're in bed with
the travel industry. We've got Travelocity packages with flights and hotels and rental
cars.
We want people to keep doing that and to have vacation time and money to spend. Can you
stop harassing people and destroying a large sector of the economy?
Absolutely, and some airports, from what I understand now, do have the option to opt
out and to have their own private security force. Sacramento just backed out. I don't
know why.
They did that in Orlando, right?
Right.
And again, major tourist town, Disneyland's there.
Right, but what they don't say is that even if you get your own private security force
to do security at airports, the TSA still oversees them, you know? So yeah, it's good
to see that states are taking the initiative, but yeah, the TSA is absolutely growing out
of control.
And speaking of states' rights, because we were talking about states' rights earlier,
it seems that the gun issue, many states are nullifying the assault weapons ban. But sadly,
Maryland is, they look like they're gonna pass an assault weapons ban. So the victory
is really on the state level.
Well, that's why we have to be vigilant. We'll get more into this discussion on the other
side. Other reporters, Melissa Melton coming up, InfoWars Nightly News tonight. Stay tuned,
Infowars.com. Let's educate ourselves and turn things around, take back our lives. Come
on, people.
Hello, I'm Alex Jones. Myself, my family, the InfoWars.com team want to relay to you
and your families that we are intensifying our efforts against the globalist on every
front. InfoWars.com is leading the fight against the technocrats. But we can't do that without
your help. By getting the films, bumper stickers, and t-shirts at InfoWars.com, you will wake
up people in your area and support our operation as we move to the next level. We need your
help to spread the word like never before. They wish to hide themselves during this tectonic
battle between the forces of freedom and darkness. You are the response to the globalist technocrats
and their program of global eugenics dehumanization and ultimate extermination. The war is here.
It's an info war. The spirit of 1776 versus the mindset of 1984. You land in Buenos Aires,
then a shuttle to Santa Rosa where a nicely furnished cabin with all amenities, Wi-Fi,
executive food and wine, and laundry service awaits. After a good night's sleep, your adventure
begins. You're on a golden stag safari for big game. But it's not Africa. It's Argentina.
One-on-one guided hunts for water buffalo, huger, bighorn rams, wild boar, and the biggest
stag deer in South America. All gold medal quality. All the action you can handle. Land
rovers, top rental guns with scopes, all food, beverages, hunting guides, ground transportation
included and more, all more affordable than you can imagine. The adventure of a lifetime
starts at goldenstagsafaris.com. The big game hunting ranch, goldenstagsafaris.com.
Making the right decisions is a challenge to investors. Are we going to see economic
growth, slide into recession, or at worst, depression? Hi, Ted Anderson from Midas Resources.
We all know when a company acts irresponsibly, divesting ourselves in a move towards safety
is prudent. When the market becomes volatile, U.S. treasuries are a safe haven. But what
do you do when the U.S. government overextends itself and spends beyond its means? Many investors
are turning toward gold as a common sense alternative to traditional paper investments.
Midas Resources has put together a powerful book titled 10 Reasons to Own Gold, discussing
costs, benefits, risks, featuring full color illustrations, weights and measures. The book
is free and can be yours by calling 800-686-2237. Paper investments are dwarfed by gold's 6,000
year history. Discover how gold may be right for you and your IRA by calling 800-686-2237.
Whether buying or it's time for you to sell, the book is free. Call 800-686-2237.
We all know that Berkey Water Purification Systems are the most trusted name in water
filtration. As an authorized Berkey dealer for over six years and serving thousands of
satisfied customers, the Berkey Guy offers amazing specials for Berkey Water Filtration
Systems. The Berkey Light Systems include a set of self-sterilizing and re-cleanable
black purification elements that purify water by removing chlorine, pathogenic bacteria,
cysts and parasites to non-detectable levels and remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides
and pesticides. Order the Berkey Light System today complete with two black Berkey elements
for only $231 and the Berkey Guy will ship your order free of charge. With the purchase
of a Berkey Light, the Berkey Guy is also offering a set of fluoride and arsenic filters
for only $39.99. That's over 30% off the retail price. Call the Berkey Guy at 1-877-886-3653.
That's 1-877-886-3653. Or order online at GoBerkey.com. That's GoBerkey.com today.
Ladies and gentlemen, we've been talking about, of course, rights-based issues, TSA
in the Fourth Amendment, guns in the Second Amendment, how they want an assault weapon
ban. But it's also, as we discussed in the last segment, economic in every instance.
Again, you look at the pattern of history repeating itself. Look back to the American
Revolution. They talked about how they were eating out their substance. They had to fight
back against the British because of these long train of abuses. Their rights were directly
connected with their ability to conduct themselves in a viable way economically, and that's what
drove them in many respects to fight for that.
There were other agendas at work as well. But David Ortiz, you've been highlighting
on a number of these issues. Now, we just mentioned at the last break there's an attempt
at assault weapons ban in Maryland, but there's more.
Yeah, absolutely. In Maryland and in Colorado, it turns out that they're really having a
heated debate in Maryland. Governor O'Malley, a Democrat, he's proposing a bill which would
add Maryland to the 11 states that require residents to apply for and receive a license
before purchasing a handgun.
Now, he's targeting assault weapons as well, which I'll talk about in a second. But do
you see how this is incremental? The argument was assault weapons. And now they're saying
in Maryland, they want a bill that says you're gonna need a license to get a handgun. It's
all incremental.
Well, they take one tragedy they could seize upon. One gun, the AR-15, they can exploit
and play up, even though it's admitted the Sandy Hook shooter never used an AR-15. He
supposedly had one in his car, who knows if it was planted there. And yet they wanna demonize
all guns.
And you were talking about how they wanna hold gun manufacturers legally responsible
for any damage done. Well, look at those hypocrites who conducted Fast and Furious. Will Eric
Holder have to hold out a personal bond for the tens of thousands killed by drug cartels
armed by our own government, encouraged by the CIA to carry out a black ops war against
the people?
Will he be held liable for the damage to Border Patrol agent Brian Terry and the dozens of
others who have been killed, the Mexican beauty queen, the upset to the economy in Mexico
and in the United States?
Absolutely not. I mean, how it works is when a government official kills someone, it's
collateral damage. When the American people kill someone, they need to be controlled,
they're bad.
Well, that makes a lot of sense, yeah.
Yeah, so no, yeah, Fast and Furious, it just goes on and on. All those children that were
killed at a party in Mexico as a result of Fast and Furious.
Oh, but those children don't count because we're supposed to talk about the Sandy Hook
children.
Yeah, absolutely, Obama won't shed a tear for those Mexican children. So yeah, when
a government official kills someone, it's collateral damage. We shouldn't pay attention
to that. But in terms of Colorado, you were talking about Colorado. Let me talk about
Maryland real quick.
Aside from purchasing a handgun and needing a license in the Maryland bill, his legislation
in Maryland would also limit the magazine capacity from 20 to 10 rounds. And you need
to pay $100 fee as well. And Maryland Republicans have compared the bill's $100 fee and heightened
training requirements to poll taxes imposed in many southern states during the Jim Crow
era, which were often designed to discourage participation by poor black citizens.
So more registration and also if you're poor, you gotta fork over $100 as well.
And they tried this under the original gun control in the United States in the 30s. That
original gun control, they tried to make people pay registration fees, it was hundreds of
dollars. And that was taken to the Supreme Court, a lot of it was struck back. But parts
of it that weren't rescinded were based on that somehow they have the right to just tax
us even against our own rights.
We see the same thing with Obamacare as well, just by the way.
Yeah, and this works. These restrictions work. They sound reasonable, but very few people
in New Jersey have a gun now. Very few people conceal carry because they gotta pay a fee,
they gotta go through so much training. So this stuff actually works. So it does infringe
upon our Second Amendment rights.
It works at disarming victims and letting criminals run wild.
And while Dianne Feinstein, she carries a concealed carry. And you were also mentioning
earlier Colorado, what they're gonna do in Colorado is if they can't pass an assault
weapons ban straight out, they're going to circumvent. And Colorado bill would hold gun
makers and sellers accountable for weapon violence.
If the bill becomes law, owners of semi-automatic rifles would face strict liability for civil
damages caused by their types of weapons. While state statues that safeguard manufacturers
and dealers from such liability would be abolished. So basically, if you're a manufacturer and
someone has your gun and there's a massacre, you're gonna have to get liability insurance.
And none of this happens in a vacuum. We've seen these liberal journalists in various
magazines. I don't wanna misquote the magazine, I have one in mind. But they wrote about how
you should have a license to get a gun, how you should have to take out personal insurance
if you're gonna own a weapon. And they say, well, we should rewrite the Constitution.
We should rewrite the second amendment. We should say, you do have a right to a weapon
unless Congress or the President decides otherwise. That's not a right, that is tyranny, that's
arbitrary power. And it's turning our rights into a privilege. Thank you, David Ortiz.
We'll hear more from you in your special reports. Days to come, Melissa Melton coming up. We'll
get into the Illuminati symbolism. Infowars.com, Infowars Nightly News, tonight, 7 PM.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your
arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for
intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new do it yourself home security system that is
completely wireless. Go to getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely
customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed.
Getsimplisafe.com SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to
install yourself in under 20 minutes. So there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't
always at home but SimpliSafe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven
days a week. Again, that's getsimplisafe.com. Looking back on 2012, I know personally I'm
thanking God that my family and I made it through the year from natural disasters like
Hurricane Sandy and the devastating summer drought to the family hardships brought on
by a disastrous economy. Our hearts go out to those that have lost everything. My friends
at e Foods Direct hear from customers every day that are fortunate to weather life's storm
by having a supply of food on hand. Danny from New York City wrote in following Hurricane
Sandy and said, Almost all the grocery stores are closed, but I managed to get my e Foods
just in time to be able to help my sister and my niece. Bottom line, it's better to
be prepared 10 years too early than one day too late. Eat common senses warning and do
what I've done. Call 800-409-5633 today or go to efoods direct.com forward slash Alex,
they have the best tasting long term storable food on the planet call 800-409-5633 and ask
about the Alex Jones special or go to efoods direct.com forward slash Alex get self sufficient
today call 800-409-5633 or efoods direct.com forward slash Alex.
You heard it here. I'm on television so everybody knows it. I believe in the Second Amendment.
I believe in people's lawful right to bear arms. We're gonna find the people who are
doing this, take them out and shoot them. No, you take them out. They are traitors in
this country and shoot them. Shoot them dead. I'll pay for the bullet. Challenge Alex Jones
to a boxing match. Show up with a semi automatic that you got legally and pop them. I'd love
to see that. In uniform. I will not take your shotgun away. I will not take your rifle away.
I will not take your handgun away. Mr and Mrs America, turn them all in.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is the info war. We must awaken our minds, educate ourselves
and again take back our lives. We were touching on so many topics earlier with David Ortiz,
but I mentioned how they're eating out our substance. They really are. Now on the backs
of all the stuff we've heard about genetically modified foods, it's linkage to organ damage,
tumors, cancer, and especially digestive issues. We have the story up at info wars.com safety
group blows lid on secret virus hidden in GMO crops. And it just is further evidence
that this stuff is inducing gene mutations and really just wrecking all species up and
down the food chain.
At the same time, we have this news out of the new American, the GMO giant Monsanto joins
big business coalition for United nations 21. Well, of course, agenda 21 was always
about using so-called seed technology to feed a hungry world. When at the same time, it's
really about centralized control and eating out your substance. Look at what they did
in Iraq. It wasn't just a war against the people. It wasn't just a war for territory.
Remember the 100 orders from Iraq that Paul Bremer, not to be confused with John Brennan
introduced, one of them had to do with GMO seeds.
They took over all the seeds and mandated that only Monsanto and other biotech seeds
could be planted. But after a year or more of pushing for Prop 37, people demanding to
know what's in their food so they can avoid GMOs, pushing for labeling laws, they are
moving with this false solution. You've got the big agra industry and the GMO industry
now pushing for their own federal compromise on GMO labeling that they say could trump
state law forever.
You've got representatives of Walmart, General Mills, Pepsi, Frito Lay, Mars, Coca Cola,
and others meeting with the FDA on January 11th for mandatory federal GMO labeling. And
they say this is the concept of preemption. They want to preempt what states and local
areas can do so that they can create their own loopholes, continue to do business as
they like to operate while giving the public some assurance that something's being done
about these very dangerous, very devastating GMO technologies.
Now I'm gonna shift gears completely into another subject. We're joined by our reporter
Melissa Melton. She did this special report on the Super Bowl and the Illuminati messages
displayed during that weird pinnacle halftime ritual show. Let's go to that piece right
now.
I'm Melissa Melton reporting for Info Wars Nightly News. The day after the Super Bowl,
the top story on yahoo.com was did Beyonce flash an Illuminati sign? Next to a picture
of Beyonce making a pyramid hand symbol, the article goes on to say, according to legend,
the Illuminati are a tiny super secret cabal of influential individuals who have shaped
the course of world events. So it makes perfect sense that Beyonce would flash their triangle
sign to one of the largest viewing audiences in human history. What better way to preserve
a secret? That's a definite possibility. Founded by Bavarian professor of law Adam Weishaupt
in 1776, the Illuminati is considered the most notorious secret society, a sect bent
on manipulating reality and dominating through a world government. These so called illuminated
ones have been referred to by some as Satan's elite, whom they worship. Their symbol is
a pyramid to illustrate the idea of a top down societal control system. And the pyramid
features an all seeing eye or the eye of Lucifer. Info Wars has reported extensively on the
history of the Illuminati, their birthplace, their prevalence in popular culture, music,
movies, and their intent to dominate the world. While the articles language seems to sarcastically
play off Beyonce's hand gestures, no big deal. This isn't the first time we've seen questionable
symbolism at the Super Bowl. Look at these screenshots we've got from last night's Super
Bowl performance by Madonna. And then you can also Google image search for yourself
and type in Baphomet. And of course, we see that Madonna is dressed up as Baphomet. She's
sitting on the throne of Baphomet. She's got the horns. Later on, she's got the hand gestures
of Baphomet. And this is the idol that the American people during Super Bowl halftime
show are being told to worship. So who's Baphomet? Baphomet is an idol used by Satanists to represent
the devil. This also isn't the first time we've seen questionable symbolism from Beyonce.
The pagan deity Baphomet, a figure revived in the 19th century as an idol for Satan worship,
has been prominently featured in her videos and album artwork. And she even wears a Baphomet
ring. And Beyonce isn't the only music star by far who's been called out for having hidden
symbolism in her videos. The Yahoo article claims that Beyonce is merely supporting her
husband's record label. But if this symbol is a diamond and not a pyramid, why are he,
Beyonce and other stars seen looking through it with one eye? In addition, let's analyze
this shirt sold under Jay Z's clothing label. It again depicts the pyramid hand symbol with
the all seeing eye atop it, and 13 rays of light coming out of the sides, encircled by
a serpent and other smaller symbols with the tagline Masters of the Craft at the bottom.
Jay Z has also had some interesting critiques of hidden messages in his music as well.
Jay Z, H to the Izzo, V to the Izzi, J, Hova, God, that's what he calls himself. We just
happen to come across a very disturbing song by brother Jay Z and has a backwards message
in it and we had to reverse the song and play the song backwards. And the rapper has gone
on record wondering why people have linked him to devil worship and the Illuminati. When
asked by radio personality, Angie Martinez, if these rumors of deliberately adding images
to his videos were true, Jay Z responded, no, never done that before. Why would I do
that? That's retarded. But here's a clip of another interview where Jay Z actually admits
he hides messages in his music. And then I start doing, you know, these different, you
know, hidden messages in the music, you know, just as a, that replaced, you know, the technical
aspect of it. And then it's just, you know, evolved from there. The Super Bowl aside,
we've seen other curious eye symbolism at major events. At the one year anniversary
of 9-11 the band marched out onto ground zero in what appeared to be an all seeing eye formation.
Are all of these mere coincidences? Many people ask if the Illuminati is such a super secret
cabal and they're so devious, why are they openly hiding their symbols in plain sight?
In his book, Secret Societies and Psychological Warfare, Michael Hoffman II calls this revelation
of the method or advertising one's power openly to amplify it, gloating and flaunting the
idea that resistance is futile before an unsuspecting public. Are all of these established Illuminati
symbols supposed to acclimate people subconsciously to a darker agenda? Or are we really supposed
to believe that all seeing eyes and pyramids and Bophomet costumes are going to be the
new theme for the Super Bowl every year? And what is the average person supposed to think
about this continuous symbolism inundation? Or is the truth that they're not supposed
to think at all, but just go along with their regularly scheduled programming? I mean, how
many coincidences can you have before it's not a coincidence anymore? These are overt
messages of elite domination by a covert group parading a pageant of mass conditioning before
the public in a culture dominated by television at a sporting event watched by millions every
year and many do not even realize what's happening. If it doesn't mean anything, why is it there?
For Infowars Nightly News, I'm Melissa Melton.
And so again, that's a recap of yet again, the strange occurrence is happening at the
halftime show at the Super Bowl. Madonna did her strange ritual last year, Beyonce blinged
all these messages. And really, there should be no denial. They're clearly demonstrating
Illuminati, Masonic, other occultic symbols. But the point is why? Why would they do it
if the public doesn't know what's going on? Well, they rule the public by demonstrating
their dominance over them by putting suggestive subliminal messages into our daily lives.
Is it really going on? Well, ask yourself politically how we came to work against our
own interests to turn over the power of our own lives to these politicians who give us
phony pretext, 9-11, the war on terror, phony WMD exploits to take over our constitutional
bounds and run over us. Meanwhile, we've submitted to this consumer culture. We've learned to
believe in and buy in these celebrities.
We watch these commercials where we relate to the little short messages they give us.
And why not demonstrate some of the hardcore control symbols that they put into us? People
don't know how to read anymore. You've got to remember, literacy has been an ongoing
tens of thousands of years struggles. In old times, it was only kings and priests class
who could read at all or afford books because they had to be transcribed by hand.
The rise of the printing press changed that to a large extent and many revolutionary tendencies
were built on that principle. The whole age of enlightenment, the American Revolution
was on the backs of the printing press and people learning to read. You've got the regular
text, that's the words, the things as you see them. But there's also subtext, the things
between the lines, the things they're not saying. And there's also the context, what
is surrounding it, what other events are happening at the time.
That's the kind of analyzation we need to use. My literature teacher was actually pretty
good in public schools, taught us how to read between the lines and see what authors and
other things were really meaning. We analyzed 1984 and it's really played a big role in
my awakening and one of the reasons I'm here. And so with that in mind, let's look at the
Super Bowl. Melissa Melton, you joined us, you analyzed these things, why they display
these ritualistic like symbols during the Super Bowl, during this mass event where everyone
tunes into television, everyone watches this one performance.
Yeah, I mean, a lot of people have come out since I did this report and they've actually
said that if it's just Jay-Z's record label, that's just a symbol for his record label
and we're making a big deal out of nothing. However, why would you pick something that's
been historically linked to devil worship and the Illuminati, it's been around for a
very long time. That's like if I went and got a record label and I decided to make the
swastika my symbol and then got offended when people linked it to Nazis, no?
And I said, well, that's just a weird X. I don't know why you're thinking that about
me. I mean, it's ridiculous. And actually, in analyzing it even further, we found the
Pepsi commercial that they showed beforehand, a little intro into the Super Bowl, had some
subliminal messages.
I didn't see it, but tell us what's in it. We got a clip, actually, we're gonna play
a clip. Do we have that, guys?
Right here, this was shown for maybe half a second.
And again, prisonplanet.tv viewers can see what's going on, but they're showing the Pepsi
can, they're flashing through hundreds of people, they're showing sneakers. It's all
very fast motion and there's devil horns just in there.
There's a girl holding a devil horn sticking her tongue out.
Just for a second, half a second. Right, and then the very next image after that is an
eyeball. Just gigantic eyeball right there, all seeing eye right there. I mean, why would
they have that?
Why do they need to have a girl flashing devil horns hidden in there, basically? I mean,
you have to really slow it down to even notice that it's there.
Well, you've got a whole history of masonry, of the Illuminati, in relation to the power
structure. People who want power or at the pinnacle of power are brought into these societies.
That's how they are given higher office. And then you've got the whole celebrity culture,
Hollywood, who's learned to read these messages, learn that they're supposed to interject them
in for the masses, again, without the masses necessarily understanding what they're seeing.
But they convey, especially the pyramid with the all seeing eye, they convey top down control
that the masses are supposed to submit.
And does it have an effect? Well, we see it every day in music videos and commercials.
It's just that the Super Bowl is extra on display because it's a primary moment. 104
million viewers.
104, they're saying, watched Beyonce's. 112, Madonna's. Million people.
Yeah, Madonna. Okay, so I made the case on the Nightly News the other night, after they
aired your report, that it was the secret symbolism, hidden messages for top down control.
But could it really be considered a ritual? Is there really something satanic or hidden
going on here?
Well, let's hear what Madonna herself had to say about her Super Bowl performance last
year.
Are you nervous about doing the Super Bowl?
Oh, my God. So I'm so nervous. You have no idea.
Really?
Yeah.
I mean, first of all, it's the Super Bowl. I mean, the Super Bowl is kind of like the
holy of holies in America, right? So like, here I am. I'm going to come into the half
way between the church, the church experience, and I'm going to have to deliver a sermon.
It's going to have to be very impactful.
So there again, I might even play that clip one more time, just so we make sure the listeners
are analyzing the words she's using. She sacrilegiously says the Super Bowl is like a holy of holies,
says it's like a church event, and that she's going to give the sermon. And then you look,
this was before the Super Bowl.
Look at what she did in her, quote, sermon at the Super Bowl. She displayed Baphomet.
She did all these weird ritualistic things. Could it really be a ritual? Well, for her,
it's a church. Let's play it one more time.
Are you nervous about doing the Super Bowl?
Oh, my God. So I'm so nervous. You have no idea.
I am.
Really?
Yeah. I mean, first of all, it's the Super Bowl. I mean, the Super Bowl is kind of like
the holy of holies in America, right? So like, here I am. I'm going to come into the halfway
between like the church, the church experience, and I'm going to have to deliver a sermon.
It's going to have to be very impactful.
She's going to deliver a sermon.
Her Baphomet ritual was a sermon.
Exactly. And so if it doesn't matter, it doesn't necessarily matter if the people, believe
it or not, she obviously does.
And she's admittedly into Kabbalah and all kinds of other secret society stuff.
A lot of these people in entertainment are, and she's been propped up for decades as a
major cultural icon. Everybody loves or hates her, but they know who she is.
Yeah. Well, and so you've got this being paraded around in front of people. And even this year,
it was more subtle this year, but there were still a lot of symbolism and bizarre things
throughout her Beyonce's performance. And then we also have a clip of people in the
crowd mirroring her symbols back to her and making devil horns and making triangle pyramid
things.
And so it has an effect, obviously. Obviously it does. Obviously it's brainwashing people
whether they realize it is or not.
And whether these things are ultimately meaningful or not is yours to discover and decide, but
it's in all the mass media we're watching every day. People, you really shouldn't be
watching television more than maybe a couple minutes to catch maybe a major news story.
It's not just entertainment, it is, quote, programming. And they really have changed
our society with it.
They've shown it contributes to declining sperm counts. It contributes to this people
in an alpha state who lose touch with their regular consciousness, follow the leader,
do what they're told and really aren't engaged in society. It's destructive in so many forms.
And there's just so much of the symbolism going on. Your comments, take us out to break
and we'll come back with a little bit more.
Well, obviously, yahoo.com had that as their main top story for the day. Did Beyonce flash
an Illuminati sign? And the reason is so many people came out and said that she did. Obviously
they think it's an issue enough to make it the main top story for the day. So if it doesn't
mean anything, why is it there?
Yeah, it doesn't mean anything. It's just hundreds, if not thousands of years of these
symbols being manifest always by top down societies, people who want control. You know,
it's fascinating. Again, Madonna admitted for her it was a sermon satanic ritual. We'll
be back.
Attention, gardeners and patriots, drought conditions in our nation's heartland and massive
Federal Reserve debt monetizing are creating the perfect conditions for dramatically higher
food prices in the months ahead. That means there has never been a better time to secure
an ongoing source of nutritionally dense food for you and your family. The Survival Seed
Bank contains the perfect mix of germination tested non-hybrid seeds. You get enough seeds
to plant a full acre crisis garden that can produce an endless supply of garden fresh
food. These seeds have not been genetically modified in any way. And the best part right
now, every Survival Seed Bank comes with an additional $300 in free seeds. It's the biggest
seed giveaway in seed bank history. This is the original best selling Survival Seed Bank
seen on TV nationwide. Don't miss this amazing Survival Seed giveaway at survivalseedbank.com.
Remember, in a real economic crisis, non-hybrid seeds are the ultimate barter item. Go to
survivalseedbank.com today. That's survivalseedbank.com.
Don't throw away leftovers. Instead, throw all your leftovers, vegetable peels, egg shells,
coffee grounds, pizza crusts, and more into the Bokashi. If you love to garden and compost
but don't like the hassle of turning a compost bin or the smell, then check out the EM Bokashi
Food Waste Recycling System from Terreganics. Finally, a way to recycle all your food and
plant waste safely and effectively and stop using fertilizers. The EM Bokashi Food Waste
Recycling System. Rather than decomposition, the Bokashi system uses fermentation to break
down waste so it takes less time to create nutrient-dense humus for crops or gardens
with no turning and no obnoxious odors. To learn more and order your Bokashi online,
visit Terreganics.com and click on the orange button. That's Terreganics.com, spelled T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X.com
or call 866-369-3678. That's 866-369-3678. Recycle all your food wastes in about six
weeks with the Bokashi Food Waste Recycling System from Terreganics.com. Terreganics.
Life's getting better. My name is Stephen Huir. After 22 years of nutritional counseling,
I've observed that most brain malfunctions have at their roots some form of toxicity
and brain damage. So whether it is poor memory, poor focus, lack of creative thinking or more
serious matters like inability to focus, speak normally or remember things, the emphasis
to getting one's brain working optimally needs to be on detoxification. One World Way
supports your body's number one means of detoxification, which is glutathione production. My name
is Angie and my son has suffered from borderline autism and constipation. I got him on One
World Way and in two months his constipation is gone. He's become friendlier. He can carry
on a normal conversation with me and he's made his first friend. He's doing great and
he looks forward to taking One World Way every day. You could offer him a present or a cake
and he would prefer the One World Way. Go to OneWorldWay.com. That's OneWorldW-H-E-Y.com
or call 888-988-3325. That's 888-988-3325.
This is the Emperor War. Our hour is coming to an end but the battle never ends. We must
awaken our minds, understand what the fight is and take a position, dig in. Only with
that can we turn things around. That's how we affect our universe. Now the show is going
to end. Go to rebroadcast in just a moment but tonight live Info Wars Nightly News with
David Knight. We've been doing it live the past two nights just kind of as an experiment
but it's very energizing, very exciting to do it that way. Anyway, we go back to Melissa
Melton with more of the symbolism we saw on display on exhibit at the Super Bowl.
Well, I mean, she's dancing around inside of a red circle that looks like an eye. She's
dancing around in a ring of flames. She's flashing these pyramid symbols. I mean, nothing
about that seems wholesome or good. I mean, and then you've got the lights going out.
That was another issue that people brought up. I didn't have time to cover everything
in a small special report but the lights did go out about 10 minutes after her performance
I think it was and they stayed out for 33 minutes and some seconds. Say what you want
but 33 is the highest known degree of Freemasonry and we know it's on record that Adam Weishaupt
who founded the Illuminati did infiltrate the Masons and so I actually have a quote
here that I think is pretty interesting about that by writer Peter Farley.
He says, masonry never works in the full light of day. Everyone knows of its existence, its
meeting places and of many of its adepts but one is ignorant of its real aims, its real
means, its real leaders. The immense majority of Masons themselves are in that position.
They are only the blind machinery of the sect which they serve. Many honest Masons are so
blind that they would be stupefied if they knew for what they are being used.
Yeah, and so they talk about how masonry is not all bad. A lot of its membership are well
meaning but again, it's a secret society with hierarchical ranking and just like the military
or just like in the White House, it's on a need to know basis. So you've got a lot of
people blindly in that system assuming it's doing good work, they do charity, etc. Not
knowing what's really going on.
And you mentioned Adam Weishaupt, I've read books on this. I went to the founding place
of the Illuminati over in Germany. And Weishaupt took his Illuminati society, they infiltrated
the ranks of masonry, took over many of the lodges and got their ranks instituted in there.
And John Bowne was showing me behind the scenes, the old all seeing eye pyramid logo used to
have the fairly innocent slogan De Favente Perennis, which translates to with God's favor.
But over the years, but now it's Novus Scloro Ordom, New Order of the Ages. Excuse me, I
said it wrong, Novus Ordo Scloro, New Order of the Ages, New World Order. And you see
that with people like Francis Bacon and more.
But let's get back to the Super Bowl and what kind of stuff they had on display.
Well, actually, we just found this out too. There was actually an ad during the Super
Bowl for Mercedes Benz, where Willem Dafoe actually plays the devil and a young man has
made a deal, offered a deal with the devil where he can receive a new Mercedes Benz.
You get a cool car, you just have to sell your soul.
You just have to sell your soul. And they actually have him signing a contract at the
end. But it flashes to a ring that he's wearing, that Willem Dafoe is wearing that has a mason
symbol on it, three mason symbols.
And these commercials, I didn't see it, but these don't happen by accidents. They spend
millions of dollars producing them and millions upon millions for that prime airtime when
there's maximum viewers.
It was $4 million for 30 seconds this year.
Wow, more than ever so.
Every single thing they put in one of these commercials is meaningful. If you're gonna
spend $4 million on 30 seconds, every second-
This isn't stuff slipping by.
No, it's not an accident that this is in there, that we have. It says there's a satanic spirit
in here. I'm looking at this breakdown. I mean, I just received this a minute ago. There's
an all-seeing eye at the end, too. Once again, more eye symbolism. And actually, eye symbolism's
been around in the Super Bowl halftime show even before Madonna. I have a clip in there
of the Black Eyed Peas, an image of that. It's all these people raising their hands
up in a circle, then an eye.
It's creepy stuff. It's all on display. You know, blogs like Vigilant Citizen break down
a lot of the behind the scenes, what these symbols mean. But you could do it for yourself
just by learning to read text, subtext, and context. Tonight, Infowars Nightly News, live
with David Knight, 7 p.m. Central, 8 p.m. Eastern. Tune in, spread the word, get people
watching. Let's turn things around.
