Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Ladies and gentlemen, it is Thursday, the 28th day of March, 2013. I am your host,
Alex Jones, and we are going to be live here for the next three hours. And what I wanna
do is shake the broadcast up, not that it's already not really morphing into something
more and more effective every day.
I really do, and you know this, always wanna try to sometimes take a lot of phone calls
in the first hour instead of just ranting and covering the first few news stories in
the first hour. I want to try to take a lot of phone calls from first-time callers concerning
the state of the world, how crazy it's gotten, that so many people are waking up while so
many others are basically going into their own mind control zone.
And we've got to have an awakening that rises above the robot class, as Billy Corrigan has
put it. And it really does come down to that. And all of us have to shake ourselves out
of our trance. And what am I talking about? Just out of our routine. I was on Billy Corrigan's
friend's Mancow show today. And of course, he's my friend as well, and he was talking
about Billy Corrigan and the cover of the local newspaper saying, Billy Corrigan, Billy
Pulpit, rise above the robot class, something he said in an interview we did last week.
And he was going into the point that so many people are unconscious. And even before we
were on break coming back to his TV show that's also a simulcast of his radio show, syndicated
radio show, he was having to even tell his crew, all right, stop looking at your iPhone,
stop texting, get out of your trance, let's focus.
And everybody I talk to who's in management of media or anything else, you have to do
this now. You have to keep your children away from the phones and the texting. People think
they're living through this stuff. And what you're doing is you're dying. And that was
a quote that Mancow said today that I am obviously not plagiarizing, stealing. I'm going to be
using that term because you're not living in the matrix, you're dying.
If you use an iPhone to videotape yourself exposing tyranny and put it on YouTube, if
you use it to really talk about something important, then it's a tool to fight corruption.
But it still has Trojan horses to track, trace, and control you, and spy on you, and know
your innermost secrets. Not just your shoe size, but what movies you like, and what your
sexual preferences are, what type of food you're gonna eat, and where you're going.
And then they can predict where you're going to go before you're going to go there. We're
talking about the end of humanity, and not the rise of some new cybernetic life form
that we merge with, but the rise of a nightmare. And of course, our story is linked up at DrudgeReport.com.
It's down on the lower right-hand corner, Robo-Reporters to Replace Mainstream Journalists.
I talked some about this yesterday. I want to get deeper into that today. There's also
another story, Jim Carrey backlash on eBay for his anti-gun video mysteriously disappears.
Yeah, they won't, I guess, let you do that there. And then, of course, another article
on the right-hand side of DrudgeReport.com, Big Sis Ignores Congressman's Demand for Briefing
on Bullet Buys. That's an example of the success that we're starting to have through the alternative
and real media. It's just really not even alternative. We are the real media. We are
the true diverse media. We are the real liberal media. Liberal meaning liberty and freedom
and private property, Second Amendment, due process, right to life, that's liberty. Right
to life, liberty and happiness. We are now able to force out and call out the man behind
the curtain. And I told you months ago, and I told you a few weeks ago, we're now forcing
this bullet story out into the open big time. All right, folks, we'll be right back after
this quick break. Stay with us.
You may be arrested and or subject to other police action.
The grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality. It really says that the state is
God. The United States is now recognized globally as one of the most oppressive police states
on earth. This film conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps
now being expanded nationwide. This documentary exposes how the continuity of government program
has established an all-powerful shadow state. Police state four chronicles the sickening
depths to which our republic has fallen. Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency
dictatorship, body scammers, sound cameras, citizen spies, stage terror and cameras on
every street corner. It's only the beginning of the New World Order's hellish plan. The
police state isn't coming. It's here. Secure your copy today at Infowars.com or see it
online in the highest quality at prisonplanet.tv. If you're listening, you know, your basic
freedoms are being threatened every day. If you're listening, you know, the economy is
not getting better. You know, gas and food prices are skyrocketing. Now is the time to
get prepared. For years, we've told you about our friends at E Foods Direct. They have the
best tasting long term storable food on the planet. This food will taste just as great
25 years from now as it does tonight. A long term food supply allows you to freeze the
cost and the availability of the one thing you need most. Be prepared and get your supply
from E Foods Direct. Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars
with free shipping on all food supplies. Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared. Act
now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com slash Alex. Get free shipping on all orders
for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go to efoodsdirect.com slash Alex. You can bet
your life on E Foods Direct. Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an
increased need to support our immunity and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed
to meeting your needs by providing a full selection of silver based products. Our most
popular silver based products are the 32 ounce nano silver solutions, our 2 ounce nano silver
nasal applicators, as well as our all natural silver soaps. Just released is our 100% natural
silver gel. Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents which quickly
evaporate and leave the silver at the surface. But rather, we have formulated our silver
gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish
the skin while delivering the silver more effectively. Visit www.silverlungs.com and
click on our store page to find what silver based products are best for you. That's www.silverlungs.com.
We now take you live to the Central Texas Command Center in the heart of the resistance.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Show. Ladies and gentlemen, we are live. It is Thursday,
the 28th day of March 2013. And we're not going to have any guests today because I want
to open the phones up and take a giant amount of phone calls and cover a huge amount of
just vitally important news and information. Have you thought about what freedom is? Have
you thought about what your goals in life are? Are your goals just to satiate beef field,
animal drives? Or are your goals something greater?
Because though animal drives certainly satisfy you at a base plateau, to reach higher and
to truly be fulfilled, you need to think about the big issues and be engaged in the world.
And down that path leads enlightenment, wisdom, sanity, dignity, prosperity. I want free will
and I want to control my own destiny. I want the truth, the whole truth and nothing but
the truth, so help me God. I want to be honorable. I want to be good. I want to be pure.
My rudder is consciously and spiritually pointed at the North Star, the pole star of God's
justice. My flesh is weak. The spirit is willing, but my flesh is weak. But I want to be a good
person and I want to uplift humanity and I want Veritas. I want truth. And that's why
the power structure who knows who I am and they know who you are. You've been in a technocracy.
I've been in a technocracy. We've been born into it, most of us, for a long time. They
know those of us that are true. They know those of us that have hearts. They know those
of us that want justice. And so they use false systems of liberalism to guilt us into submitting
to them and to following their templates of control.
They want to program us. They want to run our lives. They want to use race and religion
and socioeconomic and buzzwords to sit there and punch our buttons like we were a biological
android. They seek to steal our free will because it empowers them to be able to shape
our world. And to use us as their engines of control to have us pay for and enforce
and build our own mega prison.
And that's why I was reading a headline in the Chicago Sun Times and there was a bunch
of other mainstream news articles, dinosaur media articles, with headlines like Billy
Corrigan's strange infatuation with a conspiracy theorist. They didn't say with a fellow human.
They didn't say with the truth. They didn't say with a phenomenon in political thought.
They said in every headline, there was three of them out there I saw, they said conspiracy
theorist as a way to denigrate a fellow human's ideas and to also ridicule Billy Corrigan
as if he came to speak to me because he has an infatuation.
He came to speak to me. And I don't admire somebody like Billy Corrigan because he's
a famous rock star that sold 35, 40 million records and made hundreds of millions of dollars,
even though I like a lot of his music, love a lot of his music. I admire him because he's
really down to earth, has a very small ego, is extremely smart, and didn't come here to
talk to Alex Jones.
He came here to talk to you, to try to get you outside the box so that we can have a
future together. And then they flippantly say his infatuation with a conspiracy theorist
in an attempt to demonize Billy Corrigan for coming to see the bad man, Alex Jones.
I mean, think about what that is when they say you're a conspiracy theorist because you
don't believe certified known liars caught lying hundreds of thousands of times. I mean,
the lies are, they tell lies when the truth would suit them because they want to break
you and condition you to accept nothing.
But a ether, a ocean, a atmosphere, a system, a wavelength of fraud, a war against reality,
an overthrow of common sense and the human program. Anyone who looks at the New World
Order system, though it claims it's doing everything for civil rights and freedom, can
see that it is aimed and targeted at anything wholesome and anything regenerative, anything
creative, anything Genesis based. It is a death arrow, a sword, a weapon, a dart, a
salvo, a artillery round fired by the forces of death against the engine of life.
It is disease and ugliness and abomination of hundreds of animals spliced together in
the human form in sentient clone beings of abject ugliness and pain. And you'll never
hear anyone call for their rights. You'll see little bunny rabbit symbols, which I agree
with on the back of shampoo saying we didn't test on animals. What about Foxconn suicide
and forced abortion and apple forced abortion or PepsiCo and fetus cells in the flavoring
on purpose to denigrate you.
On purpose as satanic alchemy in their own words to defile your soul. What about the
real human rights? Well, they've got us worried about football issues of gay marriage and
black and white and all this infighting. They are worldwide. And they say, well, we're allowed
to mix humans with chimpanzees and humans with jellyfish and humans with spiders.
And don't worry, we kill them before they come to term. But we could keep them past
term, which we know they've done. But that's somewhat shielded and classified. It's leaked
out to some policy papers, which it shouldn't have, just like any matter weapons leaked
out.
It was in the San Francisco Chronicle and a few other papers a decade ago. Just like
meteor guns, D.U. Shaybo's leaked 20 years ago. The space fleet they've got, the drone
fleet they've had up since the 70s. More than 15 generations of weapons systems up there
now. Arrogant globalist in debates against Bob Bowman and others have been tricked on
the stage into releasing classified information is how Bowman's able to talk about that.
But the issue here is that you've got humans, human embryos spliced with all these other
animals and insects. And then they say, well, they don't have any human rights because they're
not human. You see that little lawyer trick, but then the bunny rabbit has a right. But
it doesn't really.
And the globalist, the transhumanist, the eugenicist said, we will teach them to care
about the animals and then misplace their concern for humans onto animals. And by the
way, I support those that are against abusing mammals and other highly intelligent sentient
beings. If something's a prey animal designed to be eaten, bovine, deer, things like that.
You don't kill them out of pleasure, but it's part of the process. But we're removed more
and more from our humanity where we just pull up and eat the hamburger at McDonald's.
And that really is a form of corruption. And we all are involved in it because to not be
involved in the humanity is to lose your humanity. Let me tell you something, you shoot an animal
with a bow. You slit its throat to bleed it out so that the meat doesn't spoil. You butcher
it yourself. You cook it yourself. You're thinking about that animal while you're eating
it.
And it's activating synapses and instincts in your mind of the entire human experience
when you don't need to do that to connect to your race memories. You can do it by digging
in the dirt. You can do it by planting seeds and then watering plants. And just doing that
will open up. And I've never read this, I know this. I'm sure someone's written it because
any truth you've already found self-evident, others as well, activates and literally communicates
with your soul. Going through the rituals of combat, going through the rituals of fighting
when you're a young man, that's why they want to make it illegal, put you in prison.
That unlocks the synapses. That is the rites of passage. That's why the social engineers,
I'm giving you the deepest truths here, want to destroy all the ancient covenants and all
the ancient rituals of humanity. It is to break the genetic encoding recordings that
are in the DNA from our ancestors.
And the chills I feel when I talk about this is losing all of that information. I cry sometimes.
People say it's fake and it's not because I could feel the death of the connection to
our ancestors and everything that's going to come in the future. It's the end of humanity
and a horrible abomination. And I feel all of our ancestors crying out against us, that
we awaken and have strength against this, that we rise above the robot class, that we
break our chains and transcend the technocracy and take to the stars in our true destiny.
We'll be right back as I break down the news and give out the number to take your calls.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system,
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping
or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new
do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power, so even if the grid
goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed. Getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is also ridiculously
easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger into
your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever
you go. You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Again, that's getsimplisafe.com. March into big spring preparedness
savings this month at BePrepared.com. Through tomorrow only. Emergency essentials and BePrepared.com
save you 28% off your favorite beef and chicken combo entrees. Save 24% on number 10 cans
of freeze-dried raspberries. Or save 26% on our freeze-dried strawberry slices with purchase
of 12 or more. Katadyn pocket micro water filters are 27% off. Try our fruit flavored
hydro pack combo water filtering pouches. In March, buy five 10-packs for a 50% discount.
Stock up on wheat with a year's supply of grains for $70 off. Only at BePrepared.com.
And this month, power up with a Goal Zero Sherpa 50 solar powered recharging kit at
$110 off MSRP. And we'll throw in a free $50 emergency essentials gift card. The March
sale ends tomorrow at BePrepared.com. For contents and details, call emergency essentials
at 800-999-1863 or click BePrepared.com. The choice is clear. Be unprepared or BePrepared.com.
Ceramic body armor is rated to stop six hits. But what about the seventh? Unlike ceramic
or Kevlar, Infidel body armor is proven to take hit after hit and it just won't quit.
Reasonably priced and designed for the smart civilian prepper. Infidel stops hundreds
of hits from small arms to high powered rifles. That means safety and peace of mind. Buy yours
at InfidelBodyArmor.com. Spelled I-N-F-I-D-E-L BodyArmor.com. Infidel Body Armor just won't
quit. We the people grow cotton, we fabric, engrave ink, embed strips and fibers to protect
from counterfeit and carting to a private bank, having it lead back at interest, forcing
taxes to service debt. This capitalism or was Jefferson correct when stating a central
bank issuing the public currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than
a standing army. Hi, Ted Anderson. I'm placing a silver dollar in a book explains our monetary
system. Call for your copy 800-686-2237. It's time to understand the system. Call 800-686-2237.
That's 800-686-2237. Are you or someone you love struggling with stress, anxiety or less
than perfect health? Hi, this is Pastor Ginny. And as a woman of faith, I spent many years
in ministry burdened with anxiety and fear. But in 2010, I met Dr. Carolyn Dean, and I
took her recommendation to try RNA drops. Within days of taking RNA drops, my anxiety
began to lift. My joy was restored. And the peace of mind that I would have once called
a miracle has now become normal to me. Discover what RNA drops can do for you. Order your
free sample today at www.rnafreesample.com. That's rnafreesample.com. There you can order
a free 30 day trial size bottle of RNA drops by paying just shipping and handling. That's
www.rnafreesample.com. Maybe there's a miracle waiting there for you.
Waging war on corruption. Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
All right, Alex Jones here back live. Think about all the stuff they're doing in those
cloning labs. Now, it's not just PepsiCo, but all the big companies are putting fetal
tissue and stuff in different food products. They're not letting us even know food's got
GMO in it. And now they're moving to put aspartame in thousands of products and not tell you
including milk, ice cream. Diabetes is exploding with cancer exploding and it's just all supposedly
funny.
You know, I get up here and warn people and these newspaper reporters get up and make
jokes about it. Aha, there's the conspiracy theorist. It was even a Washington Times article
about now the people warning of the drones in the police state. We've been proven right
as libertarian conservatives, but we've now gotta back off a little bit if we wanna maintain
our credibility and not be like Alex Jones.
I was reading that this morning and it's so obvious. It's like, don't listen to what this
guy says. It's dangerous. Why, because it's real? I mean, we forced all this out in the
open. We forced the 2 billion plus bullets, the tens of thousands of armored vehicles.
One purchase was 2,700 a few months ago. The things are all over the streets where I live.
Every police department's being given new giant vehicles and Marine Corps surplus and
army and helicopters. I mean, that's no secret. They get up on the news. I saw another article
saying bullets debunked, armored vehicles debunked, drones debunked.
I can't even track them all. Alex Jones is lying, drugs reports lying. Simultaneously,
while they have other articles explaining why they have the billions of bullets. It's
so obvious. Big Sis ignores congressman's demand for briefing on bullet by drudgereport.com.
Watson, I just talked to him, he's counting them up. It's well over 15 now, like I told
you earlier in the week.
I would guess it'll be 30 by next week. It'll probably be 100 by the week after that. And
then if we crashed and can force the committee chairman to have a hearing about, well, why
is Delta Force operating domestically? See, this is a whole can of worms. You can send
these to Congress, don't think they even know it all.
They're too busy. Send them the local LA Times article about Marines running DWI checkpoints
100 miles into California. By the Sequoias. The proto articles about them running them
five, six years ago in Southern California. In the local smaller papers that alternative
media that first broke it.
Send them all the info about in Tennessee army, regular army checkpoints on highways
that the governor criticized years ago and stay. They just keep saying no, there's no
black helicopters. No, you didn't see a checkpoint. I mean, I've walked up to troops at a checkpoint.
It's in one of my police state films, which was at police state two. And they're like,
what are you a conspiracy theorist?
I'm like, hey, this is violating posit comitatus. What are you doing? What are you a conspiracy
theorist? We've had our camera guys, they come over with guns and the police take their
cameras. Later gave them back to him and said, why are you a conspiracy theorist? As they
did gun confiscation drills on record and told the local newspaper that.
I mean, this is mind control. And see, it's such a wall of fraud. People think that's
because they're weak. And it is, they are weak, but they're also strong. It's strong
if you accept it. It's a big wave. And they're denying the waves coming in. And we're going,
no, that's a big wave of lies.
So if you just accept it, you've now bought into the lies, is what I'm trying to say.
And I mean, I see them lying and it makes me pinch myself and go, am I wrong? And even
though I know the information front and backwards and up one side and down the other, it still
makes me question sometime because this lying is so unnatural, so over the top.
Because in a natural system, if somebody got caught lying over and over and over again,
you throw them out of the village. So it's an attempt of the establishment to force feed
the lies. Here's the toll free number to join us for first time callers to talk about anything
I've been raising, any points, any topics, 800-259-9231, 800-259-9231. And we will get
you up and on the air, 800-259-9231 and be part of the worldwide transmission today.
And I will get into all the stacks of news today. But first, I wanna take just a lot
of your phone calls and all the wildcard issues that that will raise. It'll be open phones
throughout the transmission today. But we also have the report yesterday that I said
I would get to. Will you guys reprint me that? Or I guess it is here in my stack. Yeah, Robot
Reporters Replacing Mainstream Journalists, I will get to that today.
And again, it's rolled off the front page of Infowars. I'm gonna have it added back
to the front page. You can also find it at drudgereport.com. It'll probably scroll off
soon. It's on the lower right-hand corner. Robot Reporters Replacing Mainstream Journalists.
You see, all you that sell this system, the energy and everything and sell your soul to
it, you're empowering your own destruction, 800.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions
are stockpiling food, gold and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you
for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective
against bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver
has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared, go to SupernaturalSilver.com. Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your
entire order and like us on Facebook. You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your
arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for
intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is
completely wireless. Go to GetSimplySafe.com. SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely
customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed.
GetSimplySafe.com. SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes,
so there's no need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate,
you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe
will stand guard, protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again,
that's GetSimplySafe.com. If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened
every day. If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better. You know gas
and food prices are skyrocketing. Now is the time to get prepared. For years, we've told
you about our friends at eFoods Direct. They have the best tasting, long-term, storable
food on the planet. This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight.
A long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing
you need most. Be prepared and get your supply from eFoods Direct. Right now is the best
time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give
yourself peace of mind and be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com
slash Alex. Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go
to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex. You can bet your life on eFoods Direct. I have sworn upon
the altar of God, eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man.
Thomas Jefferson. Thomas Jefferson is alive with us now. His ideas, his information, transmitting
down through time, his genetics transferring through hundreds of thousands of living people
today. And just as you and I will go back to the dust from whence we came, our ideas
and what we do is transmitted through eternity forever. Not just here in the visual light
spectrum but in the spiritual spectrum as well that is now all been scientifically documented
and proven to be even more real than the limited system with which our five senses are able
to connect. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for joining us on this Thursday, 28th
day of March, 2013 worldwide transmission. The toll free number to join us is 800-259-9231
and I will go to your calls in just a moment. Some of the giant magnitude information we'll
cover when the next hour starts is Obama has betrayed America yet again by signing the
Monsanto Protection Act into law. That's right, ladies and gentlemen, he has signed the Monsanto
Protection Act publicly written by them that you not be able to have food labeled, that
they be able to go after anybody they want, because again, they're part of the military
industrial complex eugenics prime directive. So they're totally above the law, just as
the vaccine makers are. They can kill any amount of people they want and they're quietly
paid off if you're lucky by the government with taxpayer money.
Also cover up of Adam Lanza to psychotropic drugs, Paul Joseph Watson, key article on
that whole black op. Biden, Senate gun bill vote only the beginning. Of course, we're
going to get your guns, Mr. and Mrs. America, we will ban them all, that's the official
UN treaty, but then they tell you doesn't exist.
The official Catholic newspaper comes out and says, repeal the Second Amendment, take
all the guns. The headline is repeal the Second Amendment, but no one's coming after your
guns, crazy man. Again, it's standard military procedure in World War I on up to announce
this is not an assault while you're being overrun by infantry and tanks.
They told him at Waco, we are not assaulting, come out with your hands up. And you can see
on the flare footage, they come out and they shoot them from behind the tanks. They had
infantry Delta Force behind the tanks. It is standard, standard, standard, standard
procedure.
And you're like, but it doesn't make sense. They're targeting the public that doesn't
know how to even read a newspaper, that gets their news from movies. They go see Olympus
has fallen and they believe North Korea can really attack the White House. North Korea
has to create photoshopped stuff of landings on the beach.
They can't produce automobiles there. They can't tie their shoelaces because they're
a pure authoritarian system and parasites have to have things to feed on and they've
already sucked their hose dry. They are shriveled, tiny, starving vampire with 14 foot long gray
hair that's crawling around on the ground eating bugs, okay?
The New World Order has taken the blood supply of liberty and is a 1,000 foot foaming at
the mouth demonic goblin because we've empowered it. But if it was able to take over it too
would shrivel up, okay? The only reason North Korea is threatening to attack everybody is
because it's like a vampire.
It's like The Hunger. You ever seen that movie? Probably the best vampire movie out there
with I'm having one of those moments when I can't even sometimes know a common sense
name. Little China Girl, all that stuff. What's the name? Bowie. Yeah, Bowie. Yeah, but I
know the last name. What's the first name? David Bowie, yeah.
Folks, I got so much stuff going on in my mind today. I never go out to break and like
start saying the phone number as we go out to break and it cuts off. It's just everything
is so real and I'm realizing just how effective we are and it's the opposite of a power trip.
So many people get a little bit of power and they go crazy in a megalomania power trip.
I see that all the time and it freaks me out. With yours truly, it's the opposite and I
am humbled and I ask God for guidance and God has given me great comfort even in adversity
and at the same time, it's just incredible to behold this.
One cannot be told about The Matrix, one must see it and I just wish that I could reach
the people that are totally dumbed down, that get their news from sitcoms and dramas. They're
just filled with anti-human, anti-decency, anti-life, anti-wholesomeness garbage and
that they think the bondage of the New World Order and all its degeneracy, they think that
is liberty.
One cannot see revelation without having spiritual eyes. Those of you deceived by this, I don't
even hate you anymore and in a way, a warm friend has left me because hate is a warm
thing. I always fought the globalist because I have love and that's my main engine but
there's always a nice strata of hatred and now it's not even hatred. I am disgusted by
these people. I now can see them clearer than ever and just see how pathetic they are and
how weak and being able to see into the future, not in some crystal ball way but historically
in the knowledge and the data and knowing the enemy by spending so much time really
getting deep into it, it is such a giant fraud.
Those that are weak and were hurt seek for power for power's sake and become delusional
and lie to themselves and then are turned over to wickedness. And then you realize wickedness
is a flailing, frothing, ugly thing. I know I'm preaching and I said I'd go to your calls.
We're gonna get into the whole Monsanto thing. I mean the abomination that they're getting
federal laws now out there that no one can label anything. I mean it's just unbelievable
and that they have total liability protection and they're God.
When that company has a history of crimes against humanity that staggers the mind. And
if humanity would just realize their peril, we could get out of this. But again, that's
a conspiracy theory. There is no danger. There is no bad man behind the curtain. There is
no curtain. There is no establishment. There is no colluding. There is no manipulation.
No, no, no, that only goes on our daily lives. It's not going on up top. Of course, historically
we know it's going on at the deepest levels.
And then I look at all the news here where they are now coming back with second rounds
of taking more people's money. They are banning cash all over the world and secondhand transactions
from Louisiana to Russia. Russia to ban cash transactions over $10,000, next to over $5.
They have stolen our money. Cyprus banks reopen with strict restrictions. 300 euros a day,
that's basically dollars, withdrawn limit because they're coming back for more.
No money allowed to leave country. Russia to ban cash transactions, security tied as
tensions run high. The security is to make sure the bank robbery can happen. The reverse
bank robbery where the teller aims the gun at you. Store exchange, stock exchange still
closed in Cyprus. We need to get him back on. Not even gold will save you from what
is coming.
Bitcoins explode. Bitcoins explode. One of the inventors of Bitcoin wants to come on
the show. We probably need to get him on. And think about what's now just been normalized.
Think about what's now just become commonplace. Yeah, they're now saying all over Europe,
they're gonna start taking money out of people's accounts. Cyprus was a test run.
It's like in the old days, they test chemical and biological weapons on an island, in case
it got out of hand. Well, they always test stuff like this on an island too. I laugh
cuz I can look into the mindset of the establishment. And that's really just a political reflection
when I cackle like a witch, cuz it really hurts.
And we tend to laugh when things are uncomfortable. But I am kind of laughing at the people that
are just still in denial. There's no problem. There's no armored vehicles. There's no tanks,
even though they're using them right now in Cyprus. They're going after the accounts in
Greece, Spain, and they'll end up in Germany and they'll end up in America.
They'll end up everywhere. And that's what the casual society is all about. And I told
you this was coming forever, but I'm the fear monger. I'm trying to scare you. That's what
they say. Really, I thought I was trying to warn you cuz I thought you were a man.
I thought you were a woman. I thought you'd wanna do something about this. I thought you
were like me. I thought she didn't care what people thought about you. I thought she wanted
the truth. I thought she didn't want people running over you, pushing you around.
But you think it's a virtue to cower, don't you? I'm talking to my enemies out there.
All of you that are gonna be replaced by computers within three years, most of what you see will
be a master propagandist will write it. The White House, the corporations will release
it, and then computers will rewrite it. A human, this was put out a decade ago by MIT.
That's how I knew it was coming. Now it's being announced. How great it is. The computers
do a better job than humans. Wired Magazine, everybody. See, they're rolling it out like,
hey, we got a new idea.
Computers are gonna write the articles, and they do a better job. They're given the faulty
data. See, it's like Zeitgeist, a big computer will run the world, and we'll live in these
big plastic communes. Who programs the computer? Who gives it the data? The master programmer,
the master architect, who would that be?
And so now the White House has told the reporters, we may just get rid of press conferences.
You know what, if you don't toe the line perfectly, you're not gonna be in our meetings, you're
not gonna be given the press release. We're just gonna release it ourselves. And then
they're gonna have with gnome to plumes, pen names, computers.
You could have one computer with 1,000 gnome to plumes. And then a human at first will
spot check it. It'll say this article was reviewed by, it'll have the little human's
name down there. And see, out of the gate you're told, you're trash, you're dumb, you're
over.
Deep blue, big blue, he's the master. Nobody can do it, he can. And so the master computer
engineers are already over the computers. They already have computers that track the
computers that control the computers. And they have robots that build the robots that
build the robots that service the robots with robot trucks that deliver the robots.
It's already there. They're getting ready to hammer down and sit there in a giant simulation
watching what they do to you. They've got a simulation small city here in Austin where
they give everybody discounts to live in a slave grid and everything's tracked.
And they're rolling out, those are the cancer metastasides. Imperial probe droids are being
planted on your house. They're in all the new devices. They're called the smart meters.
What is that? Sounds like it's Imperial. Boom, right on the side of your house. All AI, the
underground cities, the clone operations, the splicing, it's all on. And I'm up here
right now just telling you, as the shadows lengthen, what's coming?
The shut off of the infrastructure worldwide, the shut off of everything. People say you're
scary. You're trying to scare me. You don't want the stimulus, do you see? An amoeba,
if you have a single cell organism in a Petri dish, in fact, we could pull this up. Guys,
pull up amoeba, fleas, heat. You can find these microscope videos online. You can even
look at neurons that when a toxin or something comes up, they're electrochemical, they'll
pull back in live time.
Let me pull back from that. Let me pull back from that, but you won't pull back. See, the
cell's afraid when it pulls back. It's bad, it's bad. It's fear mongering. A deer jumps
out in front of your car, you slam the brakes on, you're fearful. No, I thought you weren't
gonna hit the deer.
You saw these houses on fire, you're supposed to let it burn. And they say, Bob, I was out
of town, why didn't you call the fire department? Well, I would have been fear mongering. I
thought it would have saved my house, Bob. You're a conspiracy theorist. No, I, and see
people already in public don't save someone most of the time when they're choking. When
someone's hit by a car, no one helps them.
When someone's stabbed, no one helps them. They have to pass laws where you get arrested
now if you don't. But the cops say they're above the law, they don't have to render aid
now. But you gotta turn your guns into them. And you're a coward if you wanna own a gun,
Jim Carrey says. You wanna protect your family. I guess a raccoon that has claws and teeth.
If you try to attack it, it'll bite you cuz it's a coward. Not because it's normal and
strong and not a coward. No, no, it's to be brave is to be a coward. To rally people against
evil is the fear monger.
To tell your neighbor their house is on fire is a crime. And I look at all the demonic
fallen people who know this show's for real, who at a spiritual level don't need to get
orders from the New World Order. They get their orders from the guy that gives the New
World Order their orders. At a spiritual level, animated the Walking Dead biological androids.
They've had big surveys out, why is Walking Dead so popular? Cuz people go, I feel like
a zombie, I feel empty. And by seeing the truth that they're spiritually dead, they
find a warning.
But they also then can laugh at someone more dead than they. A single cell organism, an
amoeba, will run away from a tiny wire put into the Petri dish. But see, there's nowhere
for us to run. We can't run to the New World, we can't run to the hills. We have to run
into the enemy.
We have to cause a total awakening at our greatest time of peril to this time of wickedness
to reverse the tide. And we can do that, it's within your grasp. I'm gonna go to break and
I said I'd go to calls and I just can't do it. Because I have too much I wanna say but
I'm gonna go to your calls in this segment.
And then in the next hour, at the bottom of the next hour, I will go to a news portion
on the police state, on the Al Qaeda being run by the government, on North Korea, on
Monsanto becoming God politically just above the law. And Congress already said they're
above the law on insider trading. And Obama says he's above the law and that NATO commands
our military and he's allowed to do fast and furious.
And Congress is gonna exempt itself from the gun laws and federal employees will be exempt
in Feinstein's bill from the gun. I mean, wow, hypocrisy, all men aren't created equal,
total discrimination. But see, you can't recognize it cuz the only discrimination is why is if
you're white, then you're inherently racist.
You get everybody fighting with each other over race, which is so 1,000 years ago. I
mean, we're facing the extinction of humanity, the robot globalist technocracy merger with
machine takeover on record. Humans being replaced with robots everywhere, it's already begun.
And when they're done with you, they're gonna shut off the infrastructure, the lights, the
power.
And when you're gonna run into the compact cities, you're gonna go along with the system
thinking you're gonna be taken care of as your technocrat, you're gonna die too. None
of you are part of this. The globalist plan to kill 99.9999999 and then some. Publicly,
they say 80%, so the 20 feels like you're part of it. Higher up, it's 90. You get into
higher level documents. They plan on killing all humans and merging with a machine and
becoming God. We'll be right back. Stay with us.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day. If you're
listening, you know the economy is not getting better. You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared. For years, we've told you about our friends at eFoods
Direct. They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food on the planet. This food will
taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long-term food supply allows
you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most. Be prepared
and get your supply from eFoods Direct. Right now is the best time to stock up and
save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give yourself peace
of mind and be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash
Alex. Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go to
eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex. You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
Is this the year you finally get serious about your family's drinking water? If so, keep
listening for a special offer from Big Berkey Water Filters. Did you know that over 60%
of municipal water is fluoridated? Berkey water filters distinguish themselves from
many other filtration systems with the capability to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine,
fluoride, arsenic, and disinfection byproducts from municipal water via the black Berkey
and PF line of filters. Then there's affordability. At only 1.7 cents per gallon, Berkey water
filters purify treated and untreated water, even stagnant pond water. Stop and think how
much money you could save by simply reducing buying bottled water and using water filtered
by your Berkey water filter. No need to be constantly replacing expensive filters with
a Berkey. A single set of filters can last for 5 to 10 years. Choose the best size Berkey
for your needs at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com. And right now, all GCN listeners get 5% off
all ceramic filter systems. Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY. That's 877-99-BERKEY or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
Free shipping on every order over $50. Big Berkey Water Filters, for the love of clean
water.
Hello, this is Ty Bollinger, author of the bestselling book, Cancer Step Outside the
Box. I want you to know some very important information. In 1985, President Ronald Reagan
requested that Carnivora be sent directly to the White House at a time when only the
President could obtain this world-class healer. Now, 27 years later, Carnivora capsules are
used around the world to keep people healthy. Now you can protect yourself and your loved
ones in this age of superbugs with 17 naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond
to abnormal cells only without harming a single normal cell. If you want to stay healthy,
now's your chance to literally wake up your critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders
that don't belong in your body. Call 1-866-VenusFly or order from Carnivora.com. That's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A.com.
That's 1-866-836-8735, 1-866-VenusFly or visit Carnivora.com. Protect your immune system.
It's the only one you've got.
I want people to really think about the depths and the magnitude of what we face as a culture.
Also, it's important to spread the word about the broadcast if you resonate with the information
we're putting out, if you research it and find it to be very accurate as it is. A lot
of times, people say, hey, it's worse than you say. Why didn't you tell us? Words can
only say so much.
Just please spread the word about the broadcast. Please spread the word about other media that's
telling the truth. Please buy our books, our videos, our t-shirts. It's all great stuff.
I try to find the best products out there. Whatever we promote, we believe in and we
use and we've tried out. So InfoWarStore.com. Get a PrisonPlanet.tv subscription to see
video of the daytime show and the nighttime news show. All of it as we try to build our
organization here. And most importantly, pray for us. Please pray for us and we'll pray
for you as well.
Zach in Texas, you're on the air, sir. Welcome.
Hello?
Yes, go ahead. Welcome to the airwaves.
Howdy, Alex. Basically, I wanted to talk to you about a situation with some anti-Second
Amendment police in Arlington, Texas.
Yeah, Dallas actually has a knock and talks with one of the first cities in the country
and the surrounding. They come to your door in legal, lawful areas and ask to inspect
your guns. Yes.
Well, I didn't quite have that situation, but something similar. I live in a bad neighborhood
in Arlington and there's gunfire on a regular basis in my neighborhood. About three weeks
ago, called 911, had officers come out, requested to talk to them, stopped by the house and
said, well, I know you think you heard fireworks.
I know you think you heard shots in your neighborhood, but they were just fireworks. No big deal.
I told them, hey, you know, I own firearms. I will defend myself. If somebody in my neighborhood
starts shooting in my front yard, I'm going to defend myself. Well, fast forward a week
and a half.
And apparently there were some more gunshots in my neighborhood about four thirty five
o'clock in the afternoon. And they came and said you did it.
Yeah, they came, pulled up in front of my house. I just pulled into my driveway from
coming from the gas station to get some gas to mow my lawn. I get pulled out of my truck.
My mom gets pulled out of my truck. We get set on the curb. Search me, search my mom.
Now, I don't know what it is about Dallas police or that surrounding area, but the public
is so Christian and so naive. They're good people. They're so naive. And some of the
cops are good.
But growing up, you know, they were drug dealers and stuff's what I know about in Rockwall.
But I had my car stolen in a pretty nice neighborhood back when I was in college. I had an old girlfriend.
I'd go visit up there and my Mustang got stolen and I called and I was polite and they just
said, well, never gets picked up.
We'll call you. Here's your case number. And I said, OK, thanks and hung up. And cops showed
up two minutes later, got in my face, came in the apartment without a warrant, pushed
me up against the wall and said, you don't ever hang up on us, boy. And I went, you're
joking, right? And it was just like really weird.
I never told the whole story. It's just so unbelievable. But it was like you didn't steal
your car, did you? Look, anybody in the third world country knows you don't call the police.
You will always be accused of the crime because they don't want to be called.
They want to go out and generate revenue. I mean, in Chicago, less than half the murders
even get investigated now. And that's how the mafia wants it. When you have a mafia
government, I mean, hell, the Dallas PD helped kill Kennedy. They've been corrupt forever.
People think the mafia is only in Illinois and New York and stuff. Give me a break, folks.
I'm sorry. Go ahead.
Oh, well, yeah, yeah. Just so how did it end? How did it end? Basically, like I said, they
got me on the curb, got my mom on the curb. I had a I do have a concealed carry permit.
How evil. Of course, they knew that they ran your license. Well, yeah, yeah. Thank God
for me. I didn't have it on me. I had it in the glove box.
So how does this end? They went ahead. They searched my truck. I tried to file a complaint
and was told, well, procedure was followed and you can't make a complaint.
It's not a complaint. I ought to get some of our legal eagles on here. You go file the
criminal complaint and it's criminal. If they don't let you file the complaint, then you
file it above them in court. You understand that? Well, you better watch out. You better
watch out because in a lot of areas like that, let me tell you who delivers the drugs. And
it looks like you're dealing with some really dangerous officers. You can either bow to
them, move out or get ready for war. This is GCN, the Genesis Communications Radio
Network. If you want an American company with American
products made by Americans, here is the Cal Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have
used these pure soap products for years. These all natural soaps are made from the highest
quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth friendly and safe. See them on the web
at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample
package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what you're using now or save big
with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing
deal. You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you
feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Waging war on corruption, Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. Big brother, mainstream
media, government cover ups. You want answers? Well so does he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN
Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're now into hour number two. Thank you so much for joining
us. I know XM joins us in the second two hours. And of course all the listeners are out there.
The toll free number to join us. We're going to have open phones throughout this hour and
a ton of breaking important news today from around the world. 800-259-9231. Monsanto has
now had the Monsanto Protection Act written by them, signed by Obama. We're going to break
that down.
We're going to break down the latest geopolitical. And as the banks prepare to take even more
money out of European people's bank accounts to pay foreign banks, just give them all their
money. It's not even owed. So total criminality by the global is just all out in the open
about to get 100 times worse, we let it. That's all coming up in the global homeland security
systems have been set up to make sure that the transfer of your wealth and the bankruptcy
by design of you and your family proceeds according to plan, but you don't struggle
too much.
All right. I for one think we might want to raise the alarm bells and find our soul and
our backbone again and reverse the criminal tide and continue the long march towards humanity's
ultimate destiny. Mikey in Chicago. You're on the air, Mikey. Hey, Mikey. Hey, hey, hey.
Come on down, Mikey.
Gold Coast, Chicago. You know, I'm not living in a place a lot of people down in Texas would
want to be at right now.
I know we're on 1530 there and a lot of great people in Chicago have been up there quite
a few times, but it is sad that the criminal government is collapsing your society and
will not prosecute murderers and that the mafia likes it like that. They can kill anybody
they want. Get away with it. Now I have 15 questions. I know I can't get to them all,
but I have three.
Whatever happened to Justin in the first film? Whatever happened to who? Justin, the young
boy that you kind of interrogated there in the school. It wasn't a school. It was a college.
You're talking about the U.N. U.N. program where they brainwashed the college and high
school students, the Model U.N. I don't know. I went to Model U.N., covered it, woke the
guy up about the tyranny of the U.N. and said, go fight for liberty. I would like to know
what happened to him. That's interesting question.
OK, number two, when you first started this, Alex, back in early in your career, did your
family or friends begin to disown you?
No, my family. My family knew a lot of history, so they didn't think it was as bad as I thought.
Some of my family knew more than I knew because they'd worked in government or they'd been
in Vietnam or, you know, seen things. I mean, I had some family that said, boy, you're lucky
you're not getting killed, but you're dead on what you're saying. Stuff like that.
On GMO, sir, there's a what Robin O'Brien who wrote a book about unhealthy truth. Are
you familiar with her?
Rings a little bit of a bell. Well, we carry some of the best books on GMO at info store
dot com.
She has quite a testimonial in her book called The Unhealthy Truth. I just thought I would
recommend her.
Sounds good.
Go ahead. I'm sorry.
No, go ahead. Sounds good.
Oh, and then some people I want to recommend to be on your show, maybe you tried to get
them on. I'm not sure. It's like Ross Perot and Louis Farrakhan. I think a lot of demonization
goes out to Louis.
Hey, guys, I must say this right now. I want Ross Perot. I've said that before and we tried.
I'm sure we have. I want Ross Perot. I want Louis Farrakhan. We try to John Brown talk
to their people two weeks ago and he said he's interested when he gets back from the
Caribbean.
Stay on it. And yeah, just send us emails of who you recommend. Absolutely. I want to
get them on the show. I want to get this. I want to contact these congressmen. Chris,
go after the congressmen that are saying they're going to start an investigation. There's another
article out on today over the guns.
Over the bullets and guns and armored vehicles. Anything else, sir? No, no. See people. I
think people are losing the skill. You watch like Fox News or CNN. People talk back and
forth. But nowadays, those people, if they do talk, they kind of talk for like five minutes
and then you're supposed to talk.
We're like going back and forth, bro. Go ahead. As far as guns, I always thought it was a
good idea for all our society in America to keep our guns because I don't hear people
bringing it up a lot. But it just seems like if we ever invaded, here we are. Sure. Farmers
are citizens. I mean, that's a deterrent. No, you're right, brother. It's a great point.
God bless you. No, it's good that only the government have the guns. And that was like
Nazi Germany. That's a good idea. You're actually wrong.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions
are stockpiling food, gold and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you
for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective
against bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver
has over 500 different uses and a long term shelf life, making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared, go to SupernaturalSilver.com. Use the promo code prepared for 20% off your
entire order and like us on Facebook.
A little over a year ago, I began to do a lot of research into why, even if I had a
pretty good sized meal, that I was still starving. And my research led me to a well known fact
that most of the soils that we grow our crops on here in the United States and across the
industrialized world are almost completely depleted of almost all of the key minerals
and trace elements that our bodies need to rebuild themselves, fight off cancer and be
healthy. I then searched out the best vitamin and mineral company out there and discovered
Younggeviti. The Younggeviti products are designed to give you the real nutrition you
need. And once you've got that, you don't have to eat as much to be satisfied. I've
lost 37 pounds in two months simply getting the vitamins and minerals I need. Check it
out for yourself. It's incredible. Go to Infowarsteam.com today and order your first canister of Beyond
Tangy Tangerine complete multivitamin mineral complex dietary supplement. That's Infowarsteam.com.
Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system portable on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filter today at Infowarsetour.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Violence to tyrants is obedience to God. It's Alex Jones. Words like violence break the
silence. Well, my goal is to come crashing into your little world because the globalist,
the technocrats, the social engineers, the mind warfare experts want you in a little
world. They want you to not realize your destiny. They don't want you to realize how powerful
and how beautiful and how good you are. The fact that you can paint, the fact that you
can love, the fact that you can help others, the fact that you can recognize the beauty
of the full moon last night with the clouds and the smell of spring. The fact that you
can build is beautiful. Madison Avenue tells you you're ugly, tells you you're stunted,
tells you you're bad, so they can sell you their fraud and sell you their lie. They want
you psychically and spiritually crippled so that they can sell you the prosthesis by which
they enslave you.
All right, ladies and gentlemen, this is teleprompter free radio and TV. We're streaming video at
Infowarsnews.com and of course, prisonplanet.tv. We're gonna get into huge amounts of news,
but I said I wanna go through a lot of phone calls. We're gonna go to those first, then
get into Monsanto and the Monsanto Protection Act that Obama has signed, the huge military
police state world news, more bank runs, more money to be taken out of people's accounts,
panic in Cyprus, the globalist president to take our money, the new world order, eugenics
design, agenda 21, we're gonna break it all down.
We're now into hour number two. Let's go to your phone calls, toll free number to join
us, 800-259-9231. Gene in Oklahoma, you're on the air, welcome.
Hey, Alex.
Hello, my friend.
Can you hear me?
Yes, sir.
Alex, man, we got chemtrailed like crazy this morning in Oklahoma, bad.
Yeah, but for those that don't know, Obama and his science czar and Al Gore and all
of them, but Al Gore says the program's crazy. Can you guys queue up Al Gore says chemtrails,
I think the quote's crazy for like a month ago. We played it. They are and have been
since the guy got a Nobel Prize in 1992.
You can pull it up, we've got a whole file on it, started making a film on it, it was
so big, never got to it. That's something's gonna come out in the future. One of the projects
that's waiting there derelict just to have the infrastructure and crew and energy to
do it. The whole chemtrail geoengineering terraforming operation has been going on with
electromagnetic antennas, with spraying, and it's all admitted at universities in tens
of thousands of documents, Department of Energy, aerosol, weather modification, all admitted.
But we use the word chemtrail back when they denied it. And so still, none of the public
even knows it's real. And it's a conspiracy theory, just like the 2 billion bullets is
a conspiracy theory, just like the armored vehicles are a conspiracy theory, just like
world governments a conspiracy theory.
Because it's announced by the G20 three years ago that world government is now official
under SDRs with a 100 trillion every decade global tax to be paid to them. And Al Gore
says there is no carbon tax, but he officially called for it last week while saying it didn't
exist in a psych warfare program.
If you pull up algor.com or org or whatever it is with his open call, and they did find
the video from Ellen DeGeneres as well where he admitted the program and he disagrees with
it. Bill Gates, of course, is running the program. He gets paid taxpayer money to chemtrail
you.
Don't believe that, just look it up. I'm sorry, sir, you mentioned chemtrails. I'm gonna give
people a data factoid salvo, go ahead.
Well now there's four lines over me, they're just new four lines now. And they're spreading
out to make this cloud scene that's covering the whole state now.
Yeah, no, no, I got home last night at about 1030. Dave Mustaine, his wife and family up
at the airport, they're staying out at the house. And he might be on the show, he's here
doing some other stuff with me, but he says he wants to do an interview, so we'll see
what happens.
I'm not gonna push him to do it. We may do some shooting or something, I'm not sure.
But Dave's out here staying with me till Monday. Of course, Megadeth and Metallica, not name
dropping, just letting folks know he may be coming on the show.
When he comes to town, we hang out, really smart guy, and his new album's coming up.
But the point is that I walked out last night, I got home at like 10 o'clock and I was walking
back outside with the dogs. And I looked up and it was solid chem drills, solid aerosol,
didn't dissipate, an hour later it was there.
You can see it misting and forming all the clouds with the moon, so it was pretty spectacular.
But hey, it's all right, it's an admitted program, it's killing the soil and killing
microbes that are healthy. And that's okay, cuz it doesn't exist, everything's fine. Eat
some GMO, get brain cancer, and give the Earth over to the globalist.
Well, Alex, I appreciate you, you're a true patriot, man.
I'm just trying to survive, brother, you know, I always say don't thank me. I just want a
future. And again, thank you, God bless you for listening and being involved, sir. It's
so humbling, I appreciate your call.
I was driving back in from the airport, that's where I live out in the countryside. Pulled
into this little barbecue place right as it was closing, but they let us come in. And
that was one family in there, they were all listeners. And in fact, the fellow said he
sent us an article a while back, we didn't post, and I'd met the guy before, he put some
phone lines in out of my house.
And so I forgot to tell Rob to look for his article. It was on the Philosopher Hagel,
The Theory of Movement, I think's the headline. He said he'd send it again last night. And
if it's a good article, the guy seems smart, I talked to him about ten minutes. Anyways,
I'm going in there to talk to them and he had that info. It's just so humbling to run
into people that are so awake out there.
But why did I start telling the barbecue story? It doesn't matter. Let's talk to Raymond in
Miami, Florida. Go ahead, sir, you're on the air.
I'm doing Ali's first time call, a long time listener. How do they refer to it as FEMA
Region 4?
Yes, you're calling in from FEMA Region 4, formerly the United States, yes. A foreign
banker, OECD, UN, Organization of Economic Cooperative Development, XM, securitized Concord
Region.
Yes, sir, absolutely. But I'm calling on behalf of all patriots, all true soldiers and representatives
of this free nation, this republic that was founded by great people who believed in freedom,
free markets, and the opportunity for everyone to have a good future. I'm calling on behalf
of all those who are aware and awake to what's going on by these global and so-called elite.
I don't even refer to them as elite because that gives them a public school that they
haven't deserved.
No, I mean, I refer to them as pig demons.
Yeah, I refer to them as scum. You know, the words that I refer to them as, I really can't
say because I know you have, you know-
What they are, sir, is what Bob Marley called them. They are the vampires of Babylon.
Absolutely, I definitely agree.
They are psychic vampires and physical vampires. They don't grow fang teeth and they don't
burn up in the sunshine. I mean, these people are vampires, though. All the legends, the
legends are just a manifestation of what they really are.
Yes, sir, they are energy vampires. They are-
Look, the legends in every culture are the rich guys live in a castle and grab our kids
at night and eat them. And then Bram Stroker called it, you know, Dracula and put it into
that composite. But people just said they're basically, don't get near the castle, don't
live near the castle and hide at night because they come to eat you. And then that's psychopaths.
The elite like to kill people. They like to kill kids. Sorry, go ahead.
Well, I'd like everybody to know that I'm the father of a nine-month-old, unvaccinated,
very beautiful, very healthy baby girl. And if anyone really wants to know what's going
on in the world and really wants to be aware, this man you are listening to is on the front
lines. Whether you agree with everything he does or not is irrelevant because you'll
never agree with everyone on everything. But if you do the research and actually go find
out if these dots are connected that this man has been telling us for over 15 years,
then you will see that everything is correct and all we need to do is join forces. Everyone
who believes in humanity and love and respect and freedom for every human being on the planet,
please combine your forces. Please everyone come together and join this network of human
beings.
Absolutely. And we've all got to pray to God to make us stronger during this time because
this is going to be a great challenge.
Yes, sir. And the main last thing I wanted to say is everyone please be aware of another
false flag attack. They are demonizing patriots. They're demonizing anyone who believes in
freedom, whether it's gun rights, freedom of speech, anything else. Please be aware
of that. Absolutely, absolutely. God bless you, sir. And by the way, I just realized
I used to look at this camera mainly, but I like sitting here looking at this camera.
The clock is over there. Can we move it? Cuz I can't really see this one down in the dark.
Can we move that clock over there? Cuz I've seen on YouTube. Why is Alex always looking
over to his right? Is somebody telling him something? No, I'm looking at the clock. Maybe
you guys can aim the document cam over there so they can see I'm looking at the clock.
And it's always distracting me having to look over at the clock and then it becomes a whole
new conspiracy theory that the Illuminati is over there giving me orders. Man, sometimes
I wish I was being given orders. I tell you what, being in charge of things is a mighty,
mighty responsibility. It was great hearing from that gentleman. You can just feel the
love in his heart and the sense of justice and just the hope of goodness.
But then the world's so evil, you end up wanting to use the corrupt tactics to beat it, but
then you just become it. And I think our main mission is just to get people to realize how
serious this new world order is. And understand that none of us are coming out of this. I
mean, this thing has come to kill everybody. And a lot of you wanna get into death and
wear a bunch of skulls and feel all powerful because really you're afraid of it.
It's kind of like a Stockholm syndrome to the devil. The ultimate Stockholm syndrome,
Satanic Stockholm syndrome. So many people I've discovered who are into darkness and
manipulating people from a dark perspective are actually very, very weak, scared people.
And they're so scared of darkness and death, and they're so weak that they like moths to
the black flame of Satan, think they're gonna get power out of it.
And they are just incredibly weak. And in the past, I had an instinct to wanna chop
them up, basically. But that's not my instinct now. I believe even most of them can be reached.
It's not very many, but the very high priest of the new world order who are really totally
committed to this. And they themselves are not really Satanists, they're Luciferians
and believe they're gonna become God after they merge with the machines.
And there's another camp that believes they're gonna merge with the genetic template. There's
two branches of the new world order trying to achieve technocratic godhood.
Introducing Pro One, all of your filtration in one system portable on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates, we have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
In an emergency situation, would you drink contaminated water? You could if you had the
amazing LifeStraw from mypatriotsupply.com. LifeStraw is the most advanced personal water
filter available today. It filters contaminated water from almost any source. LifeStraw is
lightweight and compact, perfect for hiking, camping or in an emergency like a flood. LifeStraw
is easy to clean, comes with a one year warranty and has been used worldwide since 2005. Get
the amazing LifeStraw personal water filter at mypatriotsupply.com. Plus check out survival
seat vault, 20 seat varieties for only $37.95, Tatler canning lids, long term storable foods
as low as $69.95 and much more at mypatriotsupply.com. Enjoy stress free shipping on all orders over
$49. Call 866-229-0927 or visit mypatriotsupply.com. That's 866-229-0927, mypatriotsupply.com for
emergency preparedness, self-reliance and food independence.
Now there's an amazing new natural antibiotic every person must have. It's cells alive
silver solution and it destroys over 650 hard to kill viruses, fungus, bacteria and much
more. Cells alive silver solution has no expiration date, is great for emergency kits and storage
shelters and comes in 8 or 16 ounce bottles. Order today at 888-910-4367 or visit hempusa.org.
Hempusa.org, 100% chemical free super foods and unique health products.
We the people grow cotton, wheat fabric, engraving embed strips and fibers to protect from counterfeit
and carting to a private bank, having it lead back at interest, forcing taxes to service
debt. This capitalism or was Jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing the public
currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than a standing army.
Hi, Ted Anderson. I'm placing a free silver dollar in a book that explains our monetary
system. Call for your copy, 800-686-2237. It's time to understand the system. Call 800-686-2237.
That's 800-686-2237.
Focus about what comes next. Next is the feeling of vulnerability you get after you arrive
home to discover your house has been ransacked by burglars. Fool the bad guys with a new
improved fake TV. You asked for it. We listened and we made our new fake TV three times brighter
than our previous model. The brightness of our new fake TV is equivalent to a 40 inch
TV. It simulates the color and motion of a real TV while you're away from home. And when
burglars think someone is home watching television, they're likely to pass your house and move
on to an easier target. The new brighter fake TV is only $39.95 and includes free shipping.
Go to faketv.com or call 1-877-5FAKETV. That's 877-532-5388 or go to faketv.com. Fake TV,
The Burglar Deterrent.
That's the question. Can we not destroy ourselves? Yeah, the government says they're above the
law. They tell us that they're above the law, but that we shouldn't be able to have guns
or private property or raise our children. It's just all ridiculous how much we put up
with by increments. Let's go ahead and talk to Bill in Illinois. Big news breakdown coming
up after I go to this next battery of calls. Bill, you're on the air. You're watching via
prisonplanet.tv. Go ahead.
Hey, first time caller. I have some weird stuff going on in my life. I ended up, I don't
know if you get talk about electronic harassment or gang stalking or that kind of thing when
maybe you pissed off someone politically. But I was being a little outspoken about Patriot
Act and NDAA and some stuff I didn't agree with. I ended up getting drugged. Some weird
stuff happened in my area and some stuff was stolen from my house possibly to blackmail
me with. And I have every reason to believe that the government's behind it.
Well look, I mean, let me explain what's going on here. There are a lot of drugs in the food
and the water and the culture. The culture is in crisis. There's general mind control
going on. There's general evil. Society is degenerating. That's why the whole world is
full of ruins of civilizations that existed and fell apart.
Because people become lazy, they become delusional, they become paranoid. And it doesn't mean
that there isn't real forces going on. Your iPhone spying on you, your computer spying
on you, but no one's ever worried about that. They're always worried that people are looking
at them. And then a lot of it is if you're looking paranoid in front of the cops, they're
all gonna mess with you. If you're looking paranoid in front of people in businesses,
they're gonna come up and mess with you.
And then you're going to think everyone is after you. But if you are in a super good
mood and super happy and telling jokes and stuff and you're not married, you're gonna
have women coming up to you. So so much of it is how you act and what you expect. Now
there are cases where let's say you catch police stealing drugs in your area.
They'll start pulling you over all the time. They'll plant drugs on you and put you in
jail. I've seen that happen with people. I grew up in Dallas and watched that go on.
So there are times, if you're pretty prominent, you can get messed with. They messed with
Hemingway because he was starting to lean towards communist. He wasn't a bad guy. He
was misguided, but also very smart. So they did mess with him and then got people to say
he was crazy and then committed him and electroshocked him basically till they did fry his brain.
And later it came out, it was a COINTELPRO psyop. But I don't think you're Ernest Hemingway.
See, I've had him with me call up and say we're gonna kill you and your family and you
were just talking about this. And I go, well, that's in God's hand. And that's a psyop back
on them because I'm committed. I'm like a kamikaze in the info war, okay? All that does
is give me more energy, okay?
So they tried psyops with me. I'm not Ernest Hemingway, okay? And so what I'm telling you
is, sir, because the atmosphere is so crazy, there are a lot of people that were already
borderline schizophrenic that then get messed with or have a problem in their life. Or there's
just crime, society's breaking down.
And then you then think they're coming after you. They don't have the forces to do that.
They try to announce they're spying on everybody to scare you in a panopticon psychology system.
Look up panopticon, okay, to where you believe you're being watched all the time when you're
really not. Now they are watching all the time, but they can't access it even with super
computers because a human has to interpret it.
And what are they gonna act against? We are the majority. So get past your fear. I'm gonna
tell you right now, sir, do you believe in God?
Off and on.
But just listen, believe in God, believe in justice, okay? And ask God to give you protection
because believe me, it's real. Ask God to show you your guardian angel. You have nothing
to worry about, buddy, even if they kill you. You are with-
Well, they've threatened to.
Okay, really, somebody's called up and said, I'm gonna kill you. I can't hear you. Go ahead,
sir.
Talking to your telephone.
Sorry, sorry. Someone walked up to me, was following me around, just doing weird things,
following me through a building.
Well, there are a lot of crazy people all over the place, sir. Society's breaking down.
I mean, if you're walking around in somebody's yard, they're gonna come out and ask what
you're doing. Listen, stop acting paranoid. See, people always accuse me of being paranoid.
I'm the opposite. I know what's going on. I'm in their face. I'm walking around, no
bodyguards, no nothing. I'm the opposite of that. I know what's going on. They use paranoia
and intimidation to make us all scared. The wicked flee when none pursue. You're not wicked,
my friend. Don't flee. We'll be right back with more calls. Stay with us.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers. The prognosis for the entire planetary
economic system runs from bad to worse. The globalist model is to shut down societies
and starve patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover. That's why we've assembled
the most vital and important preparedness items at Infowarshop.com. These are items that
I did research on that I personally use.
You've got the life straw so you can turn fetid water into safe water anywhere you go.
The Kaytor hand crank generator to charge up key equipment during power outages are
out in the field. Strategic relocation, third edition by Joel Skousen. When disaster strikes
by Matthew Stein. Ferrosafe used by Homeland Security to protect yourself during any radiological
event. Hand crank shortwave AM FM radios. Everything that we've researched and found
to be the best is available at Infowarshop.com and your purchase makes our Infowarshop possible.
You're getting prepared. Are you? Infowarshop.com.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms,
but if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your
arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for
intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new do it yourself home security system that is
completely wireless. Go to getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely
customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed.
Getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes.
So there's no need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate,
you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe
will stand guard, protecting your property 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Again, that's
getsimplisafe.com. Big Brother. Mainstream media. Government cover-ups. You want answers?
Well, so does he. It's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network. We're back. We're here Monday
through Friday, 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Back weeknights, 7 o'clock, M4 Wars Nightly News. Back weekends
4 to 6 p.m. Central. All right, let me do this. Callers are all over the map. That's
fine with me. But I do want to try to get to some of the news issues here. And when
I say first time callers, wide open phones, any topic, it does take us in a wildcard direction.
And so that's why I do it. But I just want to keep each caller about a minute and a half
now. I'll take five or six more, and then I've got to get into all the economic news,
the police state news, the Monsanto Protection Act that Obama has signed. That's up at Infowars.com
with Mike Adams, the health ranger, breaking that down. We're going to be going over all
of it. Let's get Mike Adams on the next few days, either via Skype or in studio if he
can do it to break down this bill. I've gone over it, but I want to talk about how big
this is. Just amazing. Just absolutely amazing when I get into that. But right now, let's
go to Roger in Nevada. You're on the air, sir.
Yes, Alex. I'm a first time caller. I just want to say you're a true American patriot.
And I like the way you do your program. Also, it's an honor and a privilege to be on the
air.
Please don't take me from the Silver State, brother.
Well, I always want to compliment you because I've been listening to you for the last three
months, and I learned a lot from you. And what I do is I take that out and I fight the
spiritual warfare like with you. I fight to know what order of Christ like we do it stand
right beside you. I want to let you know that. And I learned a lot from yesterday's program
about the Catholic Church who are trying to disarm America and also Franklin Graham.
There needs to be major pushback to Franklin Graham, the Southern Baptist Convention, the
official Catholic Church newspaper saying repeal the Second Amendment, take all the
guns. I mean, man, I mean, that is. And remember, the Vatican is its own country. That's a foreign
country. And again, I don't have some thing against Catholics. Everybody knows that. I'm
trying to bring everybody together, but that's they got something. The new pope wants a carbon
tax.
I mean, I'm sorry. I'm not going to pay Al Gore money because the pontiff says so. I
mean, it's incredible.
Absolutely. Yeah. Like it says in the Bible, there'll be a lot of false prophets, false
prophets, whereas now the church ages last days and I was just going like, wow. And so
I tell people about it, get people informed. It's like it says, it's finally traveling
on, brother. And I'm telling you, I'm right with you. And it's like I said, it's the honor
privilege to be on the air with you.
And I just want to tell you to keep up the good work, tell your whole staff they're doing
a good job. And also, I'd like to have you come out here and do a conference. And I'd
also like to work with the staff, have you come out here and do one.
I hear you, my friend. I appreciate your call. Let's go to Corey in Texas. You're on the
air. Go ahead.
Hey, Alex, I appreciate you taking the time to take my call.
Please don't thank me. I'm not an egomaniac, narcissist. You don't need to thank me for
taking your call. And I know you've got to beg screeners, beg the host with all the other
shows, not mine. I appreciate you loving Liberty. Thank you for calling. Go ahead.
I'm fighting for Liberty, brother. I plugged in this event. It's going to be a huge event.
We got 14 speakers. It's out at the quick trip ballpark in Arlington or actually Grand
Prairie, Texas. It's not this Saturday, but next we got Kathy Glass, David Simpson, Jay
Stang from Oath Keepers, Terry Hall, Frank Kuchar, a list of Liberty lovers.
Sure, just tell me the name of the event. What is it?
It's called Standing Together for Liberty. And then how do you find details?
You can go on Facebook if you like. I've emailed y'all's staff a couple of times. It's Saturday,
April 6th at the quick trip ballpark. Absolutely. Well, listen, good to hear from you. What
people should do is everyone in the country should be looking for Liberty events in their
area. And it's up at the Daily Paul, so we just linked to that right there for everybody.
It's impossible for us that we do plug a lot of stuff for people to sit there and promote
the thousands of events going on every week. But everyone should just be looking for other
Liberty lovers in their area. Okay, let's go to Alex in Chicago. You're on the air.
Go ahead. Can you hear me?
Yes, sir. How you doing, Alex? My name's also Alex.
Alex, great name, means defender of mankind. I don't know if you knew that.
Sure, I know what my name means. Sure, thank you.
Yeah, I'm calling you from Chirac. That's what the police here call Chicago nowadays,
Chirac. So I was calling, I'm pretty familiar with all this type of black ops and tie-ops
stuff. I want to ask you though, how deep does the rabbit hole really go?
How deep does the rabbit hole go in what respect?
Tell me some stuff from the bottom of the rabbit hole. I know you get out there sometimes
with alien stuff and supernatural stuff and religious stuff. Tell me some really out there
stuff.
Well, you know the Fleetwood Mac song. I forget the name of it where she goes, oh, here it
comes again, the crystal vision. I keep my visions to myself. I can't get people to admit
that there's 2 billion bullets they bought, that we're going into a classic police state,
that they're spying on us without warrants when it's all admitted.
That our government's running Al-Qaeda publicly worldwide, and they admit it and put out white
papers at the Council on Foreign Relations, our real government, corporate government,
saying we need Al-Qaeda. That's a quote four months ago in their white paper admitting
they run it. This is the type of stuff we're talking about.
So we're on a planet two-thirds of the way out on the spiral arm of the Milky Way galaxy
with hundreds of billions of photograph galaxies, and now hundreds of billions past those. And
they're now finding clusters of hundreds of billions of galaxies past those where there's
hundreds of billions of hundreds of billions of hundreds of billions of whole clusters
of galaxies.
And so we're here able to consciously recognize this, able to consciously build technology
that can see this. And we're able to, the most important thing we can do is recognize
wholesomeness and recognize beauty, and recognize the beauty of the sound of the sea. That is
the connection of the universe. That is the beginning of understanding what our true potential
is, is that we are sentient, conscious beings with souls who can commune with God.
And the evidence of God is in the firmament, it is in the stars, okay? And I'm not trying
to get religious here, folks, but people need to understand, transcend the New World Order,
transcend it, okay? There is and are dark entities in the universe, that's undoubtable.
There are forces of darkness that loved ugly things, and loved piles of dead children,
and rotten meat, and planets that are dead, and darkness, okay? And then we don't like
that, okay?
You can say whatever you want, it's there, okay, looking at us. We want to go with the
regenerative life, okay? And if you look at the New World Order, what flows out of it?
How it loves us, how it loves life, how it's sweet, how it's cute, but it's pure lies,
pure deception, pure death. So at the bottom of the rabbit hole is death and the end of
life and darkness forever, absolute zero.
The center of hell is frozen. It's frozen in Dante's Inferno, but I don't need to read
Dante's Inferno. My soul looking out into studying evil and studying good, it is absolute
zero. It is devoid of heat, of life, of everything. Okay, that's the bottom of the rabbit hole.
Absolute raw power against creation, against God. The devil hates life. All those that
hate me love death, Christ said. All those that hate me love death. All those that hate
me love death, that's it, death.
Death is at the bottom. I appreciate your call. Any other questions?
Yeah, I was wondering if you think that this whole technology aspect of how the governments
are using technology to now kind of encapsulate and control people, do you think in the future
that that technology, the same technology is going to backfire, such as-
It's already backfiring. They don't care. I mean, in their literature, I have quotes
of these top technocracy people, EU advisors, you name it, saying, we'll probably blow the
earth up in our source of, to go on willing and to go on dominating. And then say, that's
basically us just merging with power. And then Lenin dreamed of blowing up the earth
and blowing up the solar system and he'd blow up the universe and blow up God if he could.
It's just like, I'm a moth in the flame. Satan, I love you. I mean, it's just pathetic because
they hate the creation force. I mean, those of us that love it absolutely love it and
just like it's such a blessing. It's so good. It's so deep. It's so fathomless and incredible.
But to these people, to these creatures, I appreciate your call. You know what's at the
rabbit hole? At the bottom of the rabbit hole, right before you hit the bottom and total
implosion and mass death, you see what you see in Japan.
It's now taken over the whole culture. Bloomberg reported last year, I already knew about this,
I never talked about it, but this is in Bloomberg, I'll talk about it. The number one seller
in the country, outside of baby diapers, it's surpassed that as adult diapers, not for an
aging population. Japanese that were always into cleanliness and the cleanest people in
the world, they like to desecrate themselves and poop in their pants.
And inventing machines everywhere. I was talking to Mancow about this, he goes to Japan twice
a year for shows and things he does. And there's vending machines everywhere with, you've got
kids listening, don't have them listening right now, with underwear with full loads
of them. That's a baked potato fully loaded.
And with a picture of the woman who did it. And supplanting the major bars everywhere,
it will soon be the dominant bar, is bars where you go in and people defecate on you.
Now that happened in Sodom and Gomorrah, it happened everywhere else. When you get to
that point, the next point is mass human sacrifice, burning cities and total Satan worship. And
then plagues and disease and everyone just stumbling around drinking blood.
That's why everybody's into zombies now. And that's why cuz you know that's next, okay?
It's happened hundreds of times in history. And now, poop bars are all over the United
States and eating poop and you're not trendy if you don't do it and you're hurting people's
civil rights. And HIV and AIDS is just exploding. And if you say that's really bad for the quote
gay community.
That's a destructive lifestyle. They say, you're just against me. Yeah, then I'm really
shocked by the fact that you like the same sex. I can't handle it cuz I'm such a square.
Yeah, no, I care about you and that you dredge a tree by its fruits. That is destructive.
And heterosexuals are doing all that stuff too. I mean, this is and I hate to talk about
stuff like that, but you asked what's at the bottom of the rabbit hole.
You fall all the way down the pit and at the bottom for the general public, it's desecrating
themselves and hurting their bodies and jabbing things through themselves. And that's what
happened in every culture. Moses comes down from the mountain, everybody's dancing around
cutting themselves and killing little kids and everything. I mean, it's the same deal.
He's gone a couple days, comes back down, they're all devil worshiping, okay? I mean,
that's what goes on. That's what happens. That's where it goes. That's where it leads.
You ask where does the rabbit hole lead? It leads to human sacrifice, torture of children,
genetic engineering monsters, babies being added to Pepsi as flavoring and it's just
not even news. I go, okay, big deal. Yeah, you're wrong. It's cool to drink babies. It's
cool that women go into the doctors and have melted down dead Chinese babies injected into
their lips and suicide nets and mass Satanism.
And you think by getting into it and agreeing with it, yeah, we're sick. Yeah, so what?
You think you've got like power over it now and you just let that spiritual hand reach
right out and wrap around you and it's just taking it right toward its mouth. It's got,
oh yeah. And then it itself, a bigger demon just reaches down and grabs it, just bites
right in. And that's what it's all about. Two globalists all hooked up with fake copies
of themselves online in the big mega frames that aren't even real, delusions of themselves
that they're eternal when all they've done is given up their humanity and their soul
and spirit.
Two global technocracies, two entities, two humanoids at the end of it, jacketed into
giant technological systems with giant robot wars with each other, trying to defeat the
other to be the one prime entity. That's at the bottom of the rabbit hole. It'll never
get there because God will intervene before that. But not before you've seen where technocracy
leads you, not before you've seen absolute hell on earth, not before you've begged.
And the whole world's had an example of what all this does. Then humanity goes forward.
That's what you get when you ask where the rabbit hole ends. Oh my gosh. John the Revelator
marveled at the beast. He marveled. Marvel in that translation means his mouth hanging
open.
Imagine something 2,000 years ago, what we now see unfolding being beamed into their
head. Here, some people have a warning. This is what's gonna happen. You imagine seeing
all this and what's gonna happen and just rolling around on the ground for days like
John did?
It's just all beamed right into his brain. Let's go ahead and take another phone call.
Jason in West Virginia, you're on the air. Go ahead.
Hey, Alex.
Welcome.
Hey, man. Here last Saturday, me and my wife got arrested. We were shooting on farmland
and next thing you know, these bunch of sheriffs the SWAT team pulled out of like 11 o'clock
at night.
What were you doing?
Shooting guns.
Yeah, that's what I thought you said. The phone popped. Nowadays, if you're even on
your own land in Montana, the cops show up. Guns are evil. They're gonna teach you they're
dirty and bad. So what happened? There's a purge. Homeland Security now admits they're
aimed at gun owners.
Homeland Security is not for Al-Qaeda, it's for you. Go ahead.
They're sitting there saying that we can't wait for something to happen so we can repossess
these guns. And I was like, man, what smart attitudes, you know?
So you're in West Virginia, the cops show up. I mean, how big is the property? Where
are you at?
We're on 20 acres.
Okay, I mean, did your neighbors complain? What's going on?
Well, I don't know what happened. They've never explained anything to us.
You were safely shooting at a shooting range, a berm? I mean, what was going on?
We were shooting at hay bales.
Yeah, listen, everybody I know out in the countryside where there's like 200 acre ranch
sheds, 20 acre, 5 acre, I've got less than 10 acres, little bitty thing. I mean, the
neighbors are all, I've talked to the neighbors, the cops come now when people shoot on 100
acres.
Cuz they've now built miles away some neighborhoods and the cops come in Texas and act like on
100 acre, your own land. And my neighbors have got like a berm and hay bales and family
comes and shoots. I talked to the other neighbor, who's actually a famous guy, and they've had
trouble and it's just bizarre.
But it's not bizarre. They are teaching us that we're bad. Go ahead.
What I need to do, do you think I should get most of my guns out of my house and put them
somewhere? Cuz I'm afraid they're gonna come raid my house.
Well, listen, here's the deal. Well, I mean, let me think for a minute cuz I'm trying to
give you this answer here cuz I don't know all your particulars. Here's the issue. If
the cops had to show up cuz people were scared and called them cuz they think gunfire is
illegal.
Just like people call cops on you if you have a gun case in your house in Texas. I mean,
you wonder why you get a SWAT team, right? The cable guy saw you had a AR-15 and so they
SWAT team you. It's a legal AR-15. You're going to jail. They don't care. They'll find
something. I see a rest in the news every day for what they call arsenals that are like
he had 20 guns.
Totally legal, veteran, go to jail. I mean, they take people's kids for not taking shots.
There's no law. They don't care. They got a family court. They'll have that kid getting
raped in a pedophile den by the next day. I mean, they're here to hurt America. They're
here to kill you and your family. They're here to inject vaccines in you and kill your
baby and then arrest you when they kill your baby.
Even if the baby has a convulsion in the hospital, they're gonna put you in jail. Because they
like it. Now, the others are just mindless idiots who don't even know and notice they're
part of this. But you've got the evil ones there, the run and the team under them know
full well what they're doing.
So when we come back, I gotta talk to you, then I'll get to the news. Because you're
sitting there talking about something very, very important here. The cops what they said
it's that there were.
If you're listening, you'd know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day. If
you're listening, you'd know the economy is not getting better. You know, gas and food
prices are skyrocketing. Now is the time to get prepared. For years, we've told you about
our friends at E foods direct, they have the best tasting long term storable food on the
planet. This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long
term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing
you need most be prepared and get your supply from E foods direct right now is the best
time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give
yourself peace of mind and be prepared act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit e foods
direct.com slash Alex get free shipping on all orders for a limited time call 800-409-5633
or go to E foods direct.com slash Alex, you can bet your life on E foods direct. digestive
health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins that bears repeating digestive health
is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins and pro EM one daily probiotic cleanse
is the key to digestive health pro EM one is a powerful liquid probiotic strong enough
to cleanse gentle enough to use every day pro EM one is dairy wheat and soy free contains
all natural and certified organic ingredients contains no preservatives or animal products
supports a healthy digestive and immune system supports weight loss improves absorption of
food nutrients aids in controlling yeast infections is never freeze dried and uses three groups
of live viable beneficial microbes to cleanse and remove toxins order pro EM one daily probiotic
cleanse at tereganics.com spelled t e r a g a n i x.com tereganics.com or call toll
free 866-369-3678 that's 866-369-3678 pro EM one the raw probiotic
we all know that berkey water purification systems are the most trusted name in water
filtration as an authorized berkey dealer for over six years in serving thousands of
satisfied customers the berkey guy offers amazing specials for berkey water filtration
systems the berkey light systems include a set of self sterilizing and re cleanable black
purification elements that purify water by removing chlorine pathogenic bacteria cyst
and parasites to non detectable levels and remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides
and pesticides order the berkey light system today complete with two black berkey elements
for only $231 and the berkey guy will ship your order free of charge with the purchase
of a berkey light the berkey guy is also offering a set of fluoride and arsenic filters for
only $39.99 that's over 30% off the retail price call the berkey guy at 1-877-886-3653
that's 1-877-886-3653 or order online at goberky.com that's goberky.com today
before you slip into unconsciousness i'd like to have another i liken it to this it's like
knowing people are breaking in your neighbor's house and you run up and are banging on their
front door saying i see people breaking in the back your neighbor's like what are you
so upset about i can't help get wound up here on air because i'm here warning millions of
people about what's going on and it sounds crazy to say that they're killing kids all
over america right now post abortion you know one year olds two year olds of vaccines but
they kill a lot of them they don't just brain damage them and then they're going to put
you in jail when they do the autopsy and your kids got blood on the brain and by the way
those doctors see that stuff all the time those coroners they know the vaccine killed
them they're gonna put you in jail because that's how they keep their job all cultures
human sacrifice when they're under this spell every culture does it every culture does human
sacrifice during this decline period during this part of the cycle and here they do it
with abortion and then now you hear about the bioethics boards all over the country
the death panels saying well a homeless guy came in who had a heart attack and we're not
gonna give him surgery we're gonna let him die you see that in the news and they're like
well maybe that's a good thing they're dehumanizing you the state troopers started pulling women
over no evidence no nothing with dirty gloves going in their bodies the head of the state
police said that's fine that's our new policy the grand jury said the law says you can't
do that you're going to jail they've indicted them see but they were like hey that's nothing
wrong with that and if we would have bought that psyop what do you do past sticking your
hand with the same glove in multiple people inside their bodies you could see them with
force raping a woman two women on the side of the road physically with their hand hates
talk like that but see how they just you know the state police local captain and the commander
said that's fine i approve of that and then went up to the head of the state police and
they said oh yeah that's a good thing we're gonna do that to you now and the public freaked
out and said you're not gonna do that to us we're gonna resist and they went oh we're
gonna indict them right but they'll be back they'll be back and again it's not that the
average state police are even bad they're being ordered to do this they're seeing what
they'll do because they've now been federalized behind the scenes now briefly i want to finish
your story then i'm going to cover news and i'll go back to all the callers that are patiently
uh holding but jason how did it end i mean the issue here is the cops came because neighbors
were scared you were shooting guns on 20 acres in the country the issue is that the cops
said to you we can't wait till something goes wrong with your guns we're going to take them
i mean imagine if you said well we can't wait till you do something wrong someday we're
going to take yours he would have arrested you for a terroristic threat so you were there
being terrorized by these people what else did they say to you tell me now well he said
that they they wanted to keep them for themselves i mean they can't wait till something happens
because we're going to get them we're going to keep them for ourselves i was like yeah
okay whatever what town do you live in martinsburg is uh boss hog uh the the mayor yeah right
i don't know what goes on around here man i try to keep it myself well i i wouldn't
do that i i would go in i would go file i would go file a criminal complaint of a terroristic
threat and i'd do it with witnesses and i would go hand flyers out all over town and
i'd call the local media and say i mean hey give us your story give us their names give
it to us take photos what happened give it to us we'll write a story about it buddy give
us the proof that police said we can't wait to take your guns because i know that's the
kind of stuff that bad ones do and and that's how you respond to them they came after you
because nobody knows who you are yeah i will assure you if your granddaddy was the i mean
they'd even know if your granddaddy had been county judge and they'd been like we're not
going out there yeah all right buddy what are you doing we're gonna back over something
while you're on the air um i'm driving an 18-wheeler hey they got a computer can do
that and you know what they're gonna do they're gonna have the have the robot cars they're
gonna say they're safer and ban humans driving them how's that sound sounds like we better
realize who our enemy is they're replacing humanity they think they're getting us to
replace ourselves wake up to the technocracy hour number three your phone calls massive
news blitz straight ahead you are listening to gcn visit gcnlive.com today
if you're listening you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day
if you're listening you know the economy is not getting better you know gas and food prices are
skyrocketing now is the time to get prepared for years we've told you about our friends at e foods
direct they have the best tasting long-term storable food on the planet this food will
taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight a long-term food supply allows you to
freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most be prepared and get your
supply from e foods direct right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with
free shipping on all food supplies give yourself peace of mind and be prepared act now and call
800-409-5633 or visit efoods direct.com slash alex get free shipping on all orders for a limited time
call 800-409-5633 or go to efoods direct.com slash alex you can bet your life on e foods direct
waging war on corruption alex jones on the gcn radio network
big brother mainstream media government cover-ups you want answers well so does he
he's alex jones on the gcn radio network and now live from austin texas alex jones
curtain emo's got an important article biden senate gun bill vote only
the beginning of course they're going to ban all our guns incrementally every time there's
a mass shooting even though statistically it's very rare they're going to collectively blame us
until we stand up and say listen criminals stop collectively blaming us for what you probably
have been staging and stop running al-qaeda and libya you know mix issues we know this is a
criminal takeover oh it discredits alex when he says the government wants everybody's guns and
that they're arming of the teeth against us but don't have him back on and nobody talked like
that it's discrediting no there please don't throw me in the briar patch well they're using reverse
psychology please throw us in the briar patch because they're actually scared to be thrown in
the briar patch let's take a few calls and i promise when i start the next segment i'm going
to cover a whole heaping helping of a very very important news here today but i i i've kind of
done the show a little bit different today i've kind of gone into my preacher mode my real native
mode and um and taking a lot of your phone calls they've taken us down a lot of different paths of
gun owners being persecuted from texas to west virginia let's go ahead and talk to nick in
wisconsin nick you're on the air welcome hello nick hello am i on yes you are all right i uh
gonna have to resist to thank you here but um love your show um recent listener over probably
the last year here um since we've been awoken to all these uh atrocities going on across our
nation but uh it's so hard to not become overwhelmed with everything going on um and listen
to your show all the time it i agree totally with what you're doing um and i just think every now
and then people need to be uplifted and i think uh there's certain films i've seen some of them from
from your site uh the one about the uh the pre-tribulate tribulation rapture exposed i
think does a good job of lifting us christians up that god is on our side and um i don't know
if you guys are familiar with this or not but another video i recently seen that i think needs
to get out there um the film is called back to eden film dot com or you can watch it for free
and i i just believe that god offered us a victory in uh in being able to produce our own food
uh one of the the hardships with getting into gardening or anything is it's a lot of work and
everybody knows that but it's fun it's fun oh i i totally agree with you being out in nature
experiencing god through nature you can't get any better than that um and i think uh this film
is a way to rejuvenate the people's spirit and getting back to that well i want to see it maybe
if they sell a dvd we'll sell it if we fund ourselves by getting right maybe we'll contact
them and carry it i need to see it but whatever i see that i think is important we sell at info
war store.com so we can fund and finance ourselves which i didn't even plug anything last hour but
that's how we do finance ourselves so uh great to hear from you my friend i appreciate you uh
calling in by the way we're carrying all of mike adam's organic you know triple certified
products at info war store.com at the same price he sells them so you support us
and mike when you do that he's got his factory uh outside austin texas right on the edge of
town actually pretty close to here the crew's been out there we got some videos about that it's your
purchases make the broadcast possible and we couldn't do this without you the listeners
supporting us uh we couldn't do it without uh people out there that have helped us in the media
uh like drudgereport.com and world net daily and some of the others but mainly mainly drudgereport.com
magnifies what we're doing uh i gotta say at a level just that i can't even measure so i
want to thank uh but i know drudge shows we're reporting really important news that's why it's
up there uh but it's still it's it's doing the right thing most people don't do it uh but um we
appreciate that but we're all in this together i mean i just appreciate the reason i don't want
to be thanked ladies and gentlemen is this is self-preservation you're hearing here i want
people to understand it's not extraordinary to wake up to this tyranny this is something
that's automatic i mean you've got to do it it's not like going above and beyond we're in trouble
this this is just survival here i had tried everything i'd cut back the amount of food i
was eating i was lifting weights and jogging but nothing was working my body was literally starving
for minerals and trace elements as well as key vitamins and as soon as i had that i immediately
could eat half of what i was eating previously and be satisfied now there are hundreds of great
products at info wars team.com but i want to point out the three that have helped me lose 37 pounds
in just two months products like beyond tangy tangerine holland burst and rebound when i
started taking the tangy tangerine and other products every day i lost more than 37 pounds
in just two months now that's results i want to challenge my listeners to go to info wars team.com
and to order just three of their products and you will see the changes in the way you look feel and
in your appetite almost immediately start your journey to health and wellness today info wars
team.com introducing pro wine all of your filtration in one system portable on the go
no more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride you have a system that
cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95 percent of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing
technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for
removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element it is the only one that
does it and out of the gates we have it discounted at 10 off with promo code water this is the only
system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides herbicides chloramines ammonia and
chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride
filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate get your pro pure with the new pro one filters today
at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139 devastating events like earthquakes tornadoes
floods hurricanes or the threat of martial law have highlighted the need for americans to prepare
for emergencies as a result millions are stockpiling food gold and weapons but how will
these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill supernatural silver is the ultimate
tool to prepare you for a medical emergency supernatural silver is a natural antibiotic
that is uniquely effective against bacteria viruses moles and fungus and is remarkable for
wound care taken internally or used topically it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens
supernatural silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life making it the number
one choice of preppers across the country to find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared go to supernaturalsilver.com use the promo code prepared for 20% off your entire order
and like us on facebook
so
defending the republic from enemies foreign and domestic it's alex jones
okay folks i'm going to continue with your calls at 800-259-9231 but let me go over a bunch of the
news right now i was just talking to weldon henston who's a big shooter he's gone out shooting with us
uh before shooting the 50 cals a few weeks ago he's an air force veteran himself country music
singer works here in the office for about seven years a good friend of mine he said now i read all
the you know hunting and shooting blogs and he goes all i see him talking about now is people
that have 100 acres 200 acres a thousand acres and i'm talking about in texas montana because
i'm seeing the same stuff where you'll be out there just shooting your rifle and the cops come
and they want to see your guns if you let them they'll try to take photos they'll try to get
the numbers off of them and they act like you're a criminal and that's like
the knock and talk that the fed started about 20 years ago that's done all over the country
now where they come to your house mainly upper class areas and they do it during the day thinking
there's going to be a woman you know uh you know here running the house you know the you know the
guys off working there's going to be some wealthier middle-class woman here you've seen them when they
come to install the smart meters and cut locks go in put them on the side arrest women that
videotape them on their own property this is the new america this is the new north korea you know
they they detain a fox reporter and it's national news in china that's like those dirty commies but
here it's like good throw that woman in prison and yeah now the cops will show up not everywhere but
more and more because they're told to and say how do you mind if this has been in the dallas morning
news in dallas in nice areas they go hi we're just doing a survey knock and talk what kind of
firearms you got in there well i don't know mind if we come in and look at them well is there an
investigation officer there's one case they went to a lawyer lawyer's house and the woman was a
well-known lawyer in dallas that's why there was actually a news article about it but the news was
like oh it's good she's wrong to be you know filing a complaint this is a good idea they're
like like to come in see your firearms was there an investigation officer is there nope we just
want to come in look at those what you got something to hide shows your husband does this
what do you do again is this an investigation do you have a warrant no we don't we just thought
you'd want to work with us a little bit yeah there it is oh it's back wfaa.com the guys just
googled it dallas police relaunch and knock and talk initiative and look at those young cops you
know i mean those guys look like they're boy scouts and man they are crazed boy they come
to your house and you are you know what you are enemy number one man this country's i mean they've
got the official catholic church saying ban all guns southern baptist convention saying ban them
repeal the second amendment i mean uh billy graham's son i didn't know they were back yet
you guys show me the article again when did that come out yeah just punch it back up on screen i
can just read it yeah it says dallas dallas police relaunch knock and talk initiative
and uh what is the date on that that's 2010 so that's that's two and a half years ago
yeah the first time i saw that was about a decade ago the dallas police department has selected six
officers from all of its seven divisions to do what the department calls knock and talks
and the police officers get permission to search people's homes without a warrant
but knock and talks have historically been a problem for the department and it says in 2005
officers arrested three men in one of the largest drug bust in the city's history police sees two
million in drugs and it goes on the dallas police are famous for planning drugs on you they've been
caught doing that over and over again they just pull over a nice car throw a bag of chalk in the
back and then take it then take your house and then this crime lab certifies it but again they
want nice houses because that's got money and houses sometimes the cops even move into the houses
i lived in rockwall and a couple fbi agents who were corrupt had moved in in the neighborhood to
houses that they had seized in drug raids and then i even had some of them come around they
started messing with my parents this is why we i haven't told the whole story while we moved out
of dallas my dad sold the dental office he had and things and they he'd come by he'd see me at
the local community pool or things like alex you think you're real smart young kid like you
you good-looking guy you got a future and all the rest of it he'd sit there and lean with his trophy
wife beside him at the pool and he'd go you just better watch what happens to you what you've been
talking about and i went oh you know about the local police and then i've been saying they're
drug dealers because i've seen them do it he goes you just watch your butt boy and then our lawyer
called us and said he got the call from the city they're gonna kill me that's america that's what
america is okay and all of us are these naive sheeple don't use their illegal drugs oh they
hate that don't you ever use their drugs kids they're not cool and don't use their prescription
drugs and stay off at all beat them beat them and don't drink and drive in fact i made the joke shut
down all the bars oh no they don't want that that's that's the hunting over bait put the bars out get
you drunk everybody criminal record just shut it all down shut all the bars down don't you get
any of their narcotics none of it i know you are you filthy murderers go abort some more babies
supposed to get excuse me i'm just getting really angry now i mean imagine cops coming up to your
house and we like to come in and inspect your firearms most people just go oh just fall to their
knees and in fact they came out in boston they'd refuse if you say no they forced their way in
without warrants and they had state and federal judges say boston last time i checked can come in
your house without a warrant yeah that's good and cops don't worry they're gonna take your whole
pension fund and america's gonna rot and fall apart you're all on your power trip serving satan
good you're gonna love it or most of you just naive that go watch movies like olympus has fallen
where you actually believe north korea is gonna attack us the new world order already attacked
and already took over and now they're trying to mop everything else up okay there's just one of
the articles here's another one at info wars.com by the great kurt nemo biden senate gun bill vote
only the beginning and there's his statements and press releases and video interviews
where he says and they got other congress people quoted there that they're going to get the guns
by increment there will be more events they will get the guns i mean that's it there will be more
there will be more events every time it happens we're going to be blamed for it
when their prozac heads do it or they stage it like colorado's no doubt 100 they staged it boom
out in the open and they're just going to do it i mean they're terrorists okay and i'm here calling
them terrorists and you bet i'm pumped up and angry because i don't like having to risk my life
but i'm not going to sit here and lay down these people okay i'm so sick of their garbage and all
i want to say to all the feds all of you on power trips take extra shots you believe in the system
give them to your kids i i don't want your kid to die but maybe that'll maybe if you murder your kid
with a vaccine maybe that'll wake you up and we can not murder much larger numbers of kids you
know well i know though i've had a lot of you on air i had that state attorney on from maryland
uh there in baltimore it was like five six years ago we've got to find that interview
i forget his name was a handsome black guy and i said you know the law says that you you don't
have to take vaccines in maryland i read it to him and i said but you've got a 1500 people
1500 people plus their parents crying with police dogs and riot police saying it's the law to take
shots or they'll all be arrested predominantly black area and i said you know there's no law
but you kick them out for truancy and then arrest them for that but you can't kick them out for
truancy on something that's a policy and not the law and by law you've got to give them that that
state waiver to something that isn't even a law to the policy and he goes well we do have a judge in
one room with those but but you didn't tell anybody did you he goes no he goes man you want
to be a lawyer because you're actually laughing he goes you know all about this and i went do you do
you give your kids shots he went no started laughing i went you think it's cute that you
don't give your kids shots and you got these people lined up getting these deadly shots and
he's like all right i said do the interview but i gotta go i gotta go and he got and i was like whoa
and that is everything right there if you want to know the whole enchilada the whole big giant
kookamunga size operation that's it we've got it was like six years ago it was in the old office
before we moved it was maybe seven years ago it was whenever they had that you know as a
psy-op they used maryland it's the law to take shots you will be arrested and showed riot cops
we even had reporters listeners that went and covered it they threatened to run and like dogs
going outside out around the courthouse at the park guarding because terrorists were saying they
didn't have to keeping people back to warn them there's no law and the cops kept them back you
know the free speech zones down around the back i'll arrest you you can't talk to citizens imagine
they're all lined up getting shots with police dogs and then all around him and it's on the
news it's the law take the shots it's the law as a giant hoax it was a production and i get the head
state attorney for that was a county he was assigned to that county that baltimore is in
there it is state attorney admits no law makes vaccines mandatory hundreds of parents face jail
time after school kicked out children triggering unfair truancy charges paul joseph watson 2007
so that's three 66 years ago okay i was right state prosecutor involved in bringing potential
charges against hundreds of parents in a county just outside washington dc for failing to allow
their children to be vaccinated admitted yesterday on national radio show that there is a law that
mandates any vaccine despite a fox news report falsely claiming otherwise yesterday we highlighted
the case of prince george county that was at maryland where parents of more than 1600 children
say i said 1500 i'm not god gave me one hell of a memory thank you god please just keep giving it
to me children have been told they could be put in jail for failing to get their kids vaccinated
now where's the guy's names unless parents bring their children to court on saturday
where medical offices will be stand by to forcibly medical officials inject their children
it goes on go down find the guy's name and i think the interview is there the threat of arrest was a
result of failure to get the kids immunized the threat of arrest was not okay let me just stop
try to read quick and then i babble through it just stop it right there i'm gonna read it
i'm reading off the screen like 15 feet away let me read it the threat of arrest was not a result
of failure to get the kids immunized but because of truancy laws which were only triggered after
the school expelled the children for not getting the shots there is no law in the united states
which makes vaccinations mandatory so paul breaks that down keep going let me find the guy keep
scrolling down do we have his name there the state attorney preparing to bring charges against the
parents yesterday there's this photo right there admitted on national syndicated radio attorney
glenn ivy that's it state attorney glenn ivy boom we're gonna get glenn ivy back on he said you
ought to be a lawyer he thought i was cool that i knew it was all bologna man introducing pro one
man introducing pro one all of your filtration in one system portable on the go no more do you have
two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride you have a system that cuts out the
sodium fluoride and up to 95 percent of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing
technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for
removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element it is the only one that does it
and out of the gates we have it discounted at 10 off with promo code water this is the only system
that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides herbicides chloramines ammonia and chlorine
hydrofluorosolic acid the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter
brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate get your pro pure with the new pro one filters a day
at mfallwarstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139 hey there my name is frank baits do you know the
number one most valuable item in a crisis some people think the answer is gold others think it's
a gun but the correct answer will shock you i just created a free video at crisis123.com
that reveals a surprising item that is more valuable than gold in a crisis
97 percent of americans don't have this one critical item in fact they haven't even given
it a thought and the sad truth is that you may not survive without it when a real crisis hits
and a starving mob is right outside your door but i have to tell you could literally make the
difference between life and death for you and your family watch my video at crisis123.com
to discover the number one most valuable item in a crisis you'll be shocked see the controversial
video that thousands of other smart patriots have already seen in the last three months
go watch my video now at crisis123.com before they force me to shut it down again that's
crisis123.com gold it's like nothing else on earth from the romans through the renaissance
from the industrial age to the space age gold has weathered the test of time for six thousand years
gold has remained the ultimate store of wealth according to the world gold council in the u.s
mints demand is at an all-time high the stage is being set for the re-emergence of gold as the
common sense alternative to a fiat paper currency that gets weaker every day mitis resources is
proud to offer the hard-hitting report that arms you with the truth you need to protect you and
your family from the fed's plans for your hard-earned money don't gamble with your future
call mitis resources today and ask for your free copy of as good as gold call 1-800-686-2237
for the report the fed hopes you'll never see as good as gold can be yours by calling
800-686-2237 if you have ever thought about owning gold you must read this report call
mitis today at 800-686-2237 amino acids are the building blocks of proteins amino acids have to
be delivered to your body in the shape that nature gave them if they are to be used to create new
proteins in your body just like a brick layer cannot use bench or twisted bricks to build a
brick wall so too your body cannot use bent or twisted amino acids to build new proteins
giving your body an undamaged amino acid food can make a huge difference in your health
one world way is an undamaged amino acid food unlike any other you see heating bends and twists
amino acids and all whey protein powders we've investigated and most proteins you consume are
heated with our true cool process you now have a choice with one world way my name is daniel i'm
34 years old when i started using one world way i weighed 228 pounds now after two and a half
months i weigh 182 pounds this is my ideal weight i've noticed an increase in stamina rate of
recovery from workouts and an increase in my potency call 888-988-3325 or visit one world way.com
if you love liberty i tell you i'm your man
if you win some you lose some it's all the great game
seven or eleven snake eyes watching you
all right let me do this let me take some calls for a while then i'm gonna reset and get into the
big uh monsanto news the gun news we are back live ladies and gentlemen again i am your host
alex jones let's talk to scott and houston who wants to talk about the police state i tell you
there's a police state where they only people have 300 euros a day out of their bank accounts
they've already taken up to 40 percent or more out of some people's accounts and now they're
going to just keep taking it out now they're saying europe why they may start taking the
money and then of course here just directly to foreign private banks after all the taxes you
pay they take your money or everything will collapse as they're collapsing everything
and they it's like we're all compulsive gamblers we stay in the government system
we stay in it because we'll lose everything if we don't keep doubling down but it's like gambling
because the gambler keeps betting and betting and betting and getting into debt they can never pay
back because they're gonna they're gonna get it back why they don't want to lose that money so
they got to keep doubling down it's stockholm syndrome ladies and gentlemen don't go in the
casino to begin with well we're in the government casino now they think they've got us to pay for
think they've got us dependent no you don't scott and houston go ahead and tell me about
the police state sir alex i got kind of some optimistic news a lot of your listeners are
going to probably think i'm you know full of it or whatever but i want to hear your good news tell
me okay well i'm a houston firefighter in houston i can't speak for the other departments or police
states and the rest of the country but in houston we are very much on the side of the citizen and if
anything huge happens like a gun complication we are on the side of the citizens of houston
our oath our allegiance when we get our badge is to the citizens of houston it is not to the
president well i want to be clear i want people to start over and let me interrupt you i get into
frothing anger when i see dallas police going in people's houses without warrants trying to
confiscate your guns everyone i know who shoots guns in the middle of nowhere has the cops show
up now including our ranch in east texas it's unbelievable that we've since before it was a
county we got it from from the mexican government okay i mean this is the type of stuff we got to
put up with now in this country and so i get in a primitive level start hopping up and down when i
hear and see all this i get that two things are happening the police state and the global takeover
is waking up cops and military to where they're totally awake now and freaked out and speaking out
or other departments are pure criminal now okay and so the issue here is that there's a battle
for the soul of the police and military going on so i want to recognize that okay and i found
cops are more awake on average than anybody except the military because they actually know that
stuff's going in the wrong direction the problem is cops that like it are obviously criminals are
nut cases or control freaks and i'm telling you they're starting to take over so go ahead
well those cops are either bored or just tainty and of course you know you're training you can't
train a good character you can train somebody to be a police officer a firefighter but their
character if it's if it's bad it's bad but but what do you do when you're given an unlawful
order i mean i get now the orders are so unlawful from the feds that people are saying i'm not going
to do this that's a good discussion that's what can save this country is that discussion
and you don't do it you don't perform it in the fire department there's been a number of times
where we've gone against protocol to save a life we've trained you know how to get in trouble
state saying oh yeah they're now saying you're not allowed to go in the water to save somebody
or you can't go in a burning building if you make the decision to risk your life when that's what
everything's about is your individual will they're telling lifeguards they can't save people if
they're one foot past the you know the county's line when there's laws in common law that you
have to render aid there's a greater law than these garbage laws i follow the common law that's
god's law that's what you're saying yes and i'm letting you know that there are people in houston
with badges that have sold and no damn well what the what the uh government's doing on a federal
level they know what they want to do and they're not going to stand for it we're not going to stand
for it and they can they can send money to us to paint the police cars black and white
your cell phone's breaking up say it again they're like they can send money to
have all the police cars painted black and white to have all the fire apparatus painted red so
that they can have their unified federal look you know that's their little foot in the door
they can come to houston they can have their their training exercises without even the common
decency of letting us emergency services know what's going on no no they're standardizing the
codes so they can command you and stay there you want to come back and finish up yes i'm gonna come
back to scott good caller i love hearing that resolve in the voice they're trying to federalize
the fire departments with the training and make them into spies you don't need to be told to be
a spy if you're in a house and as a firefighter you see criminal stuff that's you don't need to
be told to be a spy folks i'm gonna explain that when we come back we're on the march
the empire's on the run alex jones and the gcn radio network
so if you want an american company with american products made by americans here is the cal ben
soap company alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years these all-natural
soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth-friendly and safe
see them on the web at five star soap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog
buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs
this is an amazing deal you can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap
makes you feel see them on the web at five star soap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog
you prepare by purchasing gold food and firearms but if you don't have a home security system
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection
when you're sleeping or away from home who's watching out for intruders
check out simply safe it's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless
go to getsimplysafe.com simply safe is independent and off the grid it runs on battery power so even
if the grid goes down you're protected it's completely customizable so you can use it in
your home business boat trailer storage unit or shed getsimplysafe.com simply safe is also
ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes so there's no need to let a stranger into
your home if you move or need to relocate you can take the system with you wherever you go
you aren't always at home but simply safe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a
day seven days a week again that's getsimplysafe.com if you're listening you know your basic freedoms
are being threatened every day if you're listening you know the economy is not getting better you
know gas and food prices are skyrocketing now is the time to get prepared for years we've told you
about our friends at e foods direct they have the best tasting long-term storable food on the planet
this food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight a long-term food supply
allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most be prepared and get
your supply from e foods direct right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of
dollars with free shipping on all food supplies give yourself peace of mind and be prepared act
now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoods direct.com slash alex get free shipping on all
orders for a limited time call 800-409-5633 or go to efoods direct.com slash alex you can bet your
bet your life on e foods direct crashing through the lies and disinformation it's alex jones on the
gcn radio network monday through friday from 11 am to 2 pm we're here and yes i am a maniac
we're meant to be maniacs we're meant to be aggressive on target fiercely independent focused
building things working with good people that prove themselves to be honorable that's how you
build a civilization and i just do not want a bunch of cheats and scam artists and flim-flam
artists and and none of us are perfect but but i mean you know you got a conscious bad people
running things i don't want them in charge and they're setting homeland security up for a civil
war scenario and that's not being openly discussed in the news against gun owners i mean it's
official you heard it here first not bragging i'm telling you this stuff sounds crazy history's
crazy and you heard it here first you heard me over and over again tell you they're gonna flip
homeland security onto gun owners libertarians veterans conservatives and people like how did
you know that before it even got declassified because i've been to the urban warfare drills
see the thing about intelligence why do they send spies out in war i'm gonna go to the firefighter
here in just a second scott and houston in just a moment and then to others in more news
i studied military history i fell into it when i was like eight years old with because anything
i asked for i wouldn't get unless it was a chemistry set or unless it was a bb gun you
know things that my dad thought i needed i would get any other toys stuff i asked for i didn't
usually get it and i could sit there and watch pbs type shows i could sit there and watch
news shows and they would have the ads on before there was a discovery channel or history channel
or history channel for uh you know you know the the world war ii encyclopedia the world war one
encyclopedia the old west encyclopedia and those things i would read them cover to cover by the
time i was about 10 and could read pretty good and you know at like eight or nine i was asking
for him and getting him and looking at the pictures but that's how i got to where i could
read half decent so i wasn't really a quick learner when i was younger until i started
reading those then i got into reading and then you know obviously it just opened up the whole
universe and there's so much even in mainline history books even though you think history's
distorted that's kind of for the general public on the news when you were reading big thick history
books and stuff it's just raw data and then by the time i was about 12 i started reading like
800 page thousand page you know order of the death's head by heinz hobel rise and fall the
third reich shearer uh hit the mind of adolf hitler secret wartime report uh that they'd
published to the mind of stalin the wartime report uh the mind of and so i just by the time i was
like 16 i'd be in bookstores you know just like buying mine comp and and and just wanting to read
the actual stuff these people wrote i remember like being at the checkout counter like that
hitler on the cover they're like i'm like well you're selling the book do you think i'm like
hitler because i'm reading this it just shows people's ignorance i guess i did have blonde
hair and blue eyes then especially but the point is is that it's almost weird to want to you know
know history it's like an idiocracy where they're going we got one that can read and because i'd
studied all that i know military operations i mean they call generals brainiacs who are actually
into reading military history and you know call them the professor and stuff there's not even
many of those that actually are into it they want to play golf date secretaries act tough act like
generals real generals are pouring over things to know the enemy real generals are locked up
reading manuscripts on warfare real but but my the reason i went off into that whole area
is that i learned that you you you see enemy operations by what their actual troop movements
are and what they're doing you can see why they're announcing something or what the
propaganda cover is but when you get the real material you get the real goal now if they're
facing an enemy they'll put out decoys and stuff if they're facing an enemy that even pays attention
the globalists have operated for 50 years as if we don't exist because the public was mesmerized
by tv and culture so their entire battle plan is pretty much public it's a little watered down not
to scare their own internal people like we're only going to kill 80 percent once we get world
government they're like oh well i'll be safe yes you will then the more internal higher up stuff
that we found and republished you know they're going to kill everybody and uh i mean that's
basically for all his purposes everybody you know czar does czar does level you see all that moon
raker written by an mi6 oss guy before that ian phlegm the reason you see all that in hollywood
and culture is because that's the real plan and they're just telling you and getting you ready
and the 20 percent or so they're think they're in the technocracy are kind of in on it and
yeah there are too many of us if you confront them with it they'll admit it they haven't been
brought into the real conspiracy but it's an open conspiracy and so that's what i'm telling you is
that all their operations are out in the open for me because it is out in the open they're not
running silent because they think you're deaf down and blind politically they are running wide
open uncloaked okay i mean what i'm telling you is what they've said i'm not a prophet like so
many people oh this guy how does he know all this it's all folks i'm not it's all written by them
they brag about it there are thousands of declassified chemtrailing programs but they're
not under the name chemtrail it's all going on do you have the al gore clip
okay yeah cue it back up for me when we finish up with this call we'll go to it sorry uh scott i
i went off on a rant and i wasn't bragging how i know this stuff i'm telling people it's all there
and it's not boring it's real uh oh al gore is ready we'll go back to scott in a moment here's
al gore admitting the you know well there's those that want to do it and it's a terrible idea the
program is already ongoing but but here they are on geoengineering there there's a rumor i don't
know if this is true or not that some scientists are trying to figure out a way to block the sun
to try to to slow down global warming yeah it's a measure of the the feeling of desperation that
some of them are they really thinking they could do that well some of them are seriously proposing
and i i think it's completely nuts yeah uh you know you put a another kind of pollution sulfur
dioxide up to orbit the cover the atmosphere the sky won't be really blue and the way it is now
anymore it's not blue anymore but it would block out some of the sun's heat uh so that we wouldn't
have to take the difficult steps to stop spewing all this global warming pollution into the
atmosphere because your investments are in china there are a lot of problems we want to shut us
down proposing it turns out plants need the sun sunlight yes it wouldn't stop the acidification
of the oceans and uh it really should be yet another wake-up call for why we need to there
you go putting all this pollution up there the whole clips at info wars.com now the issue here
is this is ongoing since the early 90s in an official global program and they add it to the
jet fuel the companies don't even know it's part of national security people say look at the spray
planes it is the planes it's added and then projected out of the jet engines okay that's
why before 20 years ago or so chemtrails never stayed up there more than a few minutes they stay
up hours now because they're not ice crystals they are nuclei of sulfur dioxide and barium salts and
other things forming water droplets that are larger to be reflective and there's a bunch of
other programs as well but notice ellen degeneris has to say i heard this isn't a rumor see because
no one actually goes and does research he's like i heard there's two billion bullets no there's not
my dearie even though it's all admitted if you just did the research but people don't know how
or they never imagined because again we were just here 20 years ago the old timers when i first got
on here people were like planes are spraying and i'm like shut up kook and then i found that it was
true but all we knew the name was was chemtrail then somebody called in about 10 years ago and
goes have you search engine high altitude aerosol programming or weather modification or and i'm
like and i typed it it was like 50 000 results department of energy the spray planes how they do
it the grid patterns top scientists admitting it just just i mean just like thousands of volumes
you could never even i mean just all out in the open a hundred percent do you know how frustrating
that is you know how frustrating and then the public callers are chemtrails real you know the
word chemtrail isn't real because the public doesn't know it's real that the aerosol terra
farming geoengineering high altitude aerosol program passive auroral programs harp programs
i have the harp director on and there was an air force colonel on this is interviews online
harp calls and goes the director likes your show and wants to explain to you it's not a problem
we never do this but he wants to come on so we call we check it's the real director of harp
the civilian director there's an air force colonel calls me for the show and he goes you know i'm
going to the firefighter here in a moment and he says all right we don't really do this and i'm
going to be on the line the whole time if you bring up anything that's national security if
you're not recording this are you well we're checking we're not you better not and i said
and i said the colonel's name on air and stuff after that and i said look man hey you guys
contacted us so i get him i was supposed to go an hour i think it went like 30 minutes and
one time it cuts off the colonel cuts him off calls back and says i don't go into that area
this is on air this happened then during a break he goes stop going into that area it's over well
finally the interview ends 30 minutes early because the mad scientist is like i like setting
the atmosphere on fire we can project it in some nights light it on you know cause explosions and
the colonel just cut it off right there and people ask me is there a heart program it's on record it
admits the eastman patents all of it let me just go to the calls scott i'm sorry you've got the
floor make your point about people waking up and where this is going and what the police officers
you know are saying what percentage would you say really understand we're in deep trouble oh i'd say
in houston i'd say 80 to 90 percent you're you're just explain let me explain something on the
surface and then i'll explain something on the you're explaining how the feds are down there
federalizing that's only waking people up oh that's only pissing us off because they're not
telling anybody about it they're not telling the emergency services about it do you know how
freaked out we were in the fire station when we hear over the air that we're having mass shootings
at a school with helicopters flying over and you got a heavy fire apparatus
hauling butt over there to see what's going on just so that they can say oh this is just an
operation and that the next day they have the audacity to insult us and say oh we sent a memo
i guess it didn't go through you sent a memo no no no when you fly helicopters over hey wait a
minute when they crashed in houston 15 years ago and some delta force people reportedly almost died
they said it didn't exist on the news and the police imagined it yeah well now the news is
spot i guess things are changing like billy said you know last week when you had them on things
are changing a little more and the media's local media is starting to kind of put things out there
and well they better people better get religion real fast because i'm telling you they're going
to launch a giant false flag and a bunch of mass shootings and blaming on us and they're going to
start a civil war and so people better really get ready for that propaganda and because people are
going to know the globalists did it but a lot of people are going to be too scared to say it
and if we don't say it when that time happens and by the way they kill me right after something like
that happens folks you know it's on they're not going to kill you they can't they can't kill you
uh don't say that martyr well no they can't do they can't do anything to you because it would
cause such a humongous uprising that they don't want and people need to realize and the feds need
to realize the police are not on their side the police are on the side of the citizens and i know
a lot of people don't like cops they write tickets the young cops get carried away with their job
they kind of go a little bit against you know against people sure they've tried to turn you
against the people but it hadn't completely worked i completely occurred and understand this in the
boss hog areas where there are bad police when the stuff hits the fan they're all just going to go
home the real news is it's going to be the good cops and the good military that are going to stand
up when this goes on because evil people they don't fight for anything they only do what's easy
see remember we've got the fighters we've got the men and women in this country that actually care
and let me tell you one good man is worth a hundred scumbags i'm telling you oh yeah that's
our military our police on the local level is going to be our military our police and our
citizens who own guns and know how to use them are that that's our line of defense but did the
locals know what was going on when they federalized all the codes no no but i mean i'm talking about
firing police codes you know going into that federal call system and getting rid of your local
calls i don't even be honest i don't even know what you're talking about there well that's mainly
with the police they have emergency codes and they they're federalizing those and going to scrambled
systems you can't hear it well that's a part of a whole digital uh operation that they're going to
yes yes that's the real takeover and a lot of and a lot of that is to keep the media out of it
but that has its ups and downs you want the media to be able to know but on the other hand media can
really screw up a situation no i know that but i'm telling you look there's all the road to hell is
paved with good intentions and and and and the issue is obviously yeah but they had ways with
codes and things to keep the media from knowing what was going on before let me tell you having
the globalist control the communications codes is half the takeover yeah there's a lot other ways of
codes and they can use them in digital i mean back back in the day during the civil rights movement
uh when there was a riot going on they called it a brush fire over the radio and that was the
firefighters knew we had a riot and the media didn't know that there was a riot so i agree
with you there's other ways i know i'm just saying that there if you think there's a science to
controlling the public there's a greater science to controlling you the people in government service
are in the biggest brainwashing chambers there are because they may let obama build up the domestic
police state that he leaves office a right-winger comes in people want to think they're a good guy
then they blow something up and start the civil war let me tell you that they know what they're
doing i'm just saying folks this is serious god bless you good to hear from you we cover this
monsanto situation here's from salon how the monsanto protection act snuck into law give folks
a document cam shot of that for tv viewers and provision that protects the biotech giant from
litigation past congress without many members knowing about it just like the vaccine manufacturers
are given liability protection and they lie to the public say it's the law to take shots
then they lie to you and say there are no side effects when the insert says it can kill you
give you cancer diabetes everything else this is showing how criminal they are
okay and and so obama has signed this and of course he was saying he wouldn't sign it just
like the ndaa so opposition would form all that won't get signed monsanto wrote this and now what
are they talking about the food is going to be the vaccine it's going to have the virus in it
that's what bill gates is pushing and so because this is medical food this is weaponized food
they're now going to come out with not eight major food crops all being gmo that you know grow
pesticides and i'm strong enough to kill bugs that eat them but they say it's safe for you
that's what bt corn is just so crazy man organ failures just spiking in all the rodents they
give this stuff to and test it kills them i mean again i'm on air explaining to you what's going
on i mean you need to know why you're going to die okay i mean you need to know but it'll take
20 years you know but now with kids that are fast growing cells it's going to hurt them even worse
that's why the portal kids man you go in restaurants you walk down the street i mean
kids look like they've been run over by 18 wheelers and so they just think you'll never
be able to realize why everybody's dying and getting sick you know with with the the different
bt corns that monsanto others have put out they have to plant sanctuary crops of corn under
federal law just because it'll kill all the honey bees if they go eat off this stuff they go collect
the pollen and bring it back and turn it into honey they partially digest it and vomit it
back up that's what honey is portal buggers die can i have a sanctuary corn belt can i have what
the honey bees are eating oh i'm sorry i don't get that do i and every food crop's not going to
be gmo and now their genetics are spreading into all the normal varieties and soon you won't have a
way out and the elites of course have their private greenhouse facilities for their food
supply that's come out in the news the communist chinese do as well
if you're listening you'd know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day
if you're listening you know the economy is not getting better you know gas and food prices are
skyrocketing now is the time to get prepared for years we've told you about our friends at e foods
direct they have the best tasting long-term storable food on the planet this food will taste
just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight a long-term food supply allows you to freeze the
cost and the availability of the one thing you need most be prepared and get your supply from
e foods direct right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping
on all food supplies give yourself peace of mind and be prepared act now and call 800-409-5633 or
efoodsdirect.com slash alex get free shipping on all orders for a limited time call 800-409-5633
or go to efoodsdirect.com slash alex you can bet your life on e foods direct
devastating events like earthquakes tornadoes floods hurricanes or the threat of martial law
have highlighted the need for americans to prepare for emergencies as a result millions are
stockpiling food gold and weapons but how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones
becomes ill supernatural silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency
supernatural silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria viruses
moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care taken internally or used topically it can help
keep you safe from deadly pathogens supernatural silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term
shelf life making it the number one choice of preppers across the country to find out how this
amazing new technology can help you be prepared go to supernaturalsilver.com use the promo code
PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and like us on facebook we've lived in this neighborhood
for years we have an alarm system and all of our doors have deadbolts they kicked in our door and
were in and out of our house in about five minutes the police arrived in about 20 minutes but they
were long gone with our tv jewelry and my guns i kept thinking what if my family had been home
the police officers said that more than 85 percent of break-ins are through a door and that dead
bolts alone don't stop intruders the officer told me to go to easyarmor.net if we wanted something
that would actually stop an intruder easy armor reinforces all of the weak points on your doors
and is guaranteed to prevent kick-ins i was surprised at how little easy armor costs and i
installed easy armor in about 30 minutes visit easyarmor.net that's the letters easy a-r-m-o-r
dot net or call eight eight eight five eight armor that's eight eight eight five eight two seven six
six seven easy armor dot net ultimate door security made easy he's the t-rex of political talk
alex jones on the gcn radio network
ladies and gentlemen we are back live by the way david knight's got in-depth reports tonight he's
going to be hosting him for awards nightly news i think we're airing a special report on the
second amendment i've been working on for three or four days with darren mcgreen i believe that's
tonight on the nightly news if not it'll be tomorrow on the radio slash tv show that the
info wars live the alex jones show that's just known in syndication the show you're listening
to right now the radio show slash tv but they passed this like the fellow reserve act was passed
without following the constitution or the senate and house rules they rammed it through with
bipartisan evil and and again back in the 60s and then 70s they got these vaccine liability
protection passed so they could kill everybody because you know sometimes the kid dies right
there and you and and and and you know the cops aren't evil and they find out it's the vaccine
and don't throw the parents in jail and then you you've got to have immunity so they've got a
license to kill and these are called pharmacological crops they've got the eight major food crops are
like 89 gmo now some are 86 some are 92 on average about 89 gmo it'll soon be pretty much
all gmo that's why whole foods is saying we're going to be gmo now but we'll label it and you
just won't have a choice 90 something percent will be that there'll be a small area it'll cost
10 times more and then they're going to harass and hunt down and shut down all the organic people
that that's that's the next phase they've already been beta testing it uh and again the royal family
in england the um the the government elites in um in fact i've already done a report on this but
we should get it from last year and then re-air it tonight but if you can't find it i'll just
redo it with and in fact just have the the news crew pull up like chinese elite eat or different
food uh germanly eat different food british elite different food uh german government gets clean
vaccine and then it says in the articles la times financial times of london der Spiegel that oh
yeah they have in fact one headline was communist chinese have secret organic uh greenhouse farms
all over the country and it's the same deal they they truck it around when the elites fly around
they have their own chefs on board they don't go to restaurants or they go to special places
where it's totally certified that's why john carrey famously has been in wendy's with teresa
hines carrey and won't even eat a french fry you know he famously said take a bite and probably he
was like oh i'm not hungry and then this happened at other ones where you know obama goes and eats
the stuff he doesn't care he knows oh it's like jack daniels i'm just going to eat this hamburger
but it's not really like jack daniels you're designed to be able to handle some of that and
yeah it'll rot your liver and kills 500,000 people a year they estimate alcoholism in this country
uh over 500,000 related the point is this is all of this is a cocktail of death
yeah there it is political and corporate elites shun gm food on their own plate well it's like
monsanto 1999 c uh cnbc reported on it so did uh cbc and all their facilities worldwide the
the engineering class the science the biotech class demand totally organic filtered water
everything at their facilities that guys at the end of this hour typing real quick monsanto has
gmo free cafeterias boy but you're gonna eat it you're gonna eat it you're gonna eat it you're
gonna you know you can't help it you know you want it and i hear poor old limbaugh incredible person
anybody can take 100 oxycodone a day and live i admire i mean that killed like five horses
they estimate the i'm not trying to bash rush he gets in there and says all gmo is is like
george washington carver breeding two types of you know uh plant together to make a better yield
it's nothing but hybridization uh no putting uh spider genes and human genes and and a poison
gene uh toxin released by a bacteria or a fungus uh or to put a you know a snake venom into a crop
where bugs can't eat it and then we feed it to humans hey look the bugs won't eat it that's great
it kills them yeah hey let's see oh that sounds good let me get some corn on the cob there
let me get some corn on the cob there immediately i mean it is just sheer lunacy to the power of a
trillion okay and we're all killing ourselves right now hell i know i was brought up in all
this i can't even stop i try to feed my kids non-gmo but you're still out and stuff you don't
check you don't know you don't take the time you know the cell phone's killing you you know it's
all killing you break out of the matrix break out of the trance awaken humanity it's worth
it love your children come on thank you for listening to gcn visit gcnlive.com today
now that we have moved into the winter season there is an increased need to support our immunity
and health at silver lungs we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection
of silver-based products our most popular silver-based products are the 32 ounce nano
silver solutions our two ounce nano silver nasal applicators as well as our all-natural silver
soaps just released is our 100 natural silver gel our new silver gel is not based on synthetic
gelling agents which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface but rather we have
formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera to quickly
penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more effectively visit www.silverlungs.com
and click on our store page to find what silver-based products are best for you
that's www.silverlungs.com coast to coast direct from austin
you're listening to the alex jones broadcasting network
big brother mainstream media government cover-ups you want answers well so does he
he's alex jones on the gcn radio network and now live from austin texas alex jones
let me just say it's simply to the point the entire global elite from communist countries
to western countries does not take vaccines or eat any gmo and are obsessed with keeping
that secret from the public now two plus two equals what then you know what the gmo does
to people two plus two equals four they're killing us let's and now they've got liability protection
the government said so it's good kevin in boston why did the secret service try to stop obama when
he's eating gmo food for the cameras to show the slaves what to eat then he runs home and eats
organic is i wonder if he goes and vomits like a bulimic he looks like one in the back looks like a
looks like he's anorexic kevin you're on the air go ahead hey alex yes sir i hear you loud and
clear roger roger all right good man um well i'm from boston like i'm a 19 year old kid and
i'm just really sick of what's going on you know what i mean well sounds like you're an extremist
not liking and having an opinion is a conspiracy theory sir do what you're told or it's a conspiracy
theory what do you have a favorite flavor of ice cream what's my favorite flavor yeah chocolate
that is discrimination you're discriminating and i know you're making a choice which doesn't exist
you're not allowed to have a thought i know it's sad not only racist not only racist racist racist
but conspiracy theory sorry go ahead you know what's bad with like all my friends and stuff like
i try to tell them about like what's going on about all the tyranny about and they say it
doesn't exist they go very and they don't listen it's it's like they don't have their own
thoughts anymore they're good people that's that's that's that's reasonable yeah it is and like
everyone everyone has the iphone now it's like it's like we're living inside of a clone kind of
well it's gonna get a lot funner i mean hey they like type 2 diabetes and death and everything
keep drinking that diet coke it's all admitted it's killing them isn't that fun i just really
feel bad for like my generation my future we don't even get to live our lives now
you know what i mean like well whoever said you did live that's a conspiracy theory
that is that mother's ever breastfed was a conspiracy that men ever loved women was a
conspiracy theory the future is japan with poop clubs on every corner people pooping on each
other that's that's wholesome and good you're bad well i think i think alex i appreciate what you're
doing man like you're waking people up you're getting the truth out like it needs to be done
because it's getting it's getting to a point where like you're like you're like you're like
it's getting to a point where like it's just over the top you know what i mean hey reality is over
the top brother over and out let's take another call from other extremists let's talk to ron in
connecticut connecticut doesn't exist if the government says so go ahead ron hi alex first
time caller from the constitution state doesn't exist conspiracy uh well i wanted to talk to you
about today was the uh the little banking thing there was a chase bank the other day i was
listening to you on the uh the radio and i'm my question to you was is it is this the tip of the
spear that the banksters are are pointing at us or yeah they're just conditioning us to take all
our money out of the bank and give it to private individuals and to say that's normal and to say
you're an extremist if you don't like it but do you think that there's a pivotal event it's coming
or has come already i think it's going to come in lots of little events until they stage a nuke
attack or a new war and say that's why all the markets go belly up and then they've got to take
all the money out of your account because they've got to fight al-qaeda or something or fight north
korea and notice north korea is acting up right as all these movies come out about north korea
doing exactly what the movies say they're going to do and you're like well is north korea working
for the us no north korea works for china that works for the new world order see the new world
order runs america and it runs china and it runs europe and it's like crashing us into each other
destroy humanity destroy suicide nets in china you know mass vaccine deaths in america
absolutely and you know if this whole thing is sort of uh if there's a whole story on top of
a story and maybe i might just shine some light on you um i uncovered something the other day and
i know this may sound fantastic but i was up in hartford connecticut hold on you gotta send me
an email what is it tell us we got five seconds okay the body of jp morgan and his wife and three
sons their graves were ransacked and the bodies were oh you
