Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
I'm always having such an incredible brainstorm. Once I get off the radio each day until late
at night and then as soon as I wake up in the morning and then before I get on air here,
reading the news, watching video clips, thinking about all the points I want to make on each
little issue, that is why I am a frustrated researcher. I am a frustrated person who is
trying to glean reality because even though I focus my full intellect on it, it just becomes
more fantastic by the day and then I see the general public taught to not even care about
reality and just accept the tiny false spectrum projected by the masters of culture through
the television set and then regurgitate it out through other mediums.
It is truly mind blowing. Max Keiser on central banks buying the most gold that they've ever
purchased in modern history is gonna be joining us on that and a host of other economic issues.
He's predicted that you're gonna see financial meltdown by the end of April, an accelerated
meltdown. We're also going to get Wayne Madsen formerly in the National Security Agency.
He's a journalist, of course, who's written for most of the major publications in the
country. He has Wayne Madsen report.com. I saw a story like this in the Daily Mail. Former
airline pilot and conspiracy theorist shot dead his two teenage children and his dog
before turning the gun on himself.
And from what I know about Philip Marshall, he was tied into black ops and stuff. And
he wrote a book about Saudi intelligence involvement in 9-11, which they certainly were, 15 of
the 19 hijackers from Saudi Arabia. And he said that he was fearing for his life, but
magically he reportedly shot his children.
He reportedly shot himself and the children, but he was fearing for his life. Kinda like
Gary Webb caught people breaking into his house, the Pulitzer Prize winner for Dark
Alliance on CIA drug trafficking, and then got shot twice in the head. One shot blew
his jaw off where it was hanging by one connection, blew the mandible partially off.
Shot him in the side of the head with a shotgun, and then they shot him in the back of the
head. So he obviously put up a fight, I guess, there at the end. And the police immediately
just said, it's normal to shoot yourself twice. I have another article here out of the one
in Telegraph. Police hunt two men after oil chief assassinated in Brussels, the European
head of ExxonMobil.
That's arguably the biggest corporation in the world. I know they say Walmart or Apple
are, but ExxonMobil, when it comes to real power, is the top dog from my research. Rex
Tillerson, I think still in its head, a Rockefeller owned subsidiary. ExxonMobil, ExxonMobil.
And you gotta love this article, police are hunting for two men after a British executive
working for the oil company ExxonMobil was shot dead in front of his wife in the street
in an assassination style killing.
And the police within minutes of Nicholas Mockford, 60, said, no, we don't think it
was an assassination. Guys with motorcycle helmets shot him three times execution style,
punched his wife in the face when she tried to save him. Jumped on, that's trained killers
only kill who they're paid to kill, they had to pay extra for her to get killed.
Jump on the motorcycle, probably the police, usually really good governments who are good
at killing people in corporations, actually higher than the local hit team is the police.
Belgian police, though, have imposed a news blackout. Well, cuz they gotta protect their
officers, I'd say they're the prime suspects, whether they're behaving. After Nicholas Mockford
60 was shot as he left an Italian restaurant in Nieder over Hembeek, a suburb of the capital.
He was shot execution style three times, twice and then he hit the ground and then once in
the head. Once he lay on the ground after leaving the De Marcellio restaurant there
at about 10 PM.
So had his last meal and they're like instantly, we bright bartered him. Why don't they just
say like, butros, butros, golly, you know, claimed that the Pakistani president had fallen
and hit her head. Remember that?
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system,
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're
sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's
a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power, so even if the grid
goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed. Getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is also ridiculously
easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger into
your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever
you go. You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
Your freedoms are on the line. The Second Amendment is in danger. How soon before your
freedoms are taken away? What can you not live without? What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns? Is it your home? No, it's food. It all boils down to the food supply.
Tyranical governments control people by controlling their food supply. Don't be dependent. Be
self-sufficient. Don't wait for the government to feed you. Feed yourself. I can warn you,
but I can't feed you. Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from eFoods Direct.
It's the best long-term, storable food on the planet. Get the popular Mega Patriot Pack
free. A 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot and fuel. Call 800-409-5633 or go
to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot Packs free with purchase.
Hold your food supply, be in control, be self-sufficient and be a patriot. Call 800-409-5633 or eFoodsDirect.com
slash Alex and get your free Patriot Pack today.
Live from Austin, Texas, broadcasting worldwide, it's Alex Jones.
Ladies and gentlemen, it is Tuesday, the 19th day of February 2013 and I am blessed to be
above ground. I'm here to tell you every day above ground is a good day. Isn't it, Tony,
to quote Scarface? We are live, ladies and gentlemen, and we're gonna get into why the
mega banks and ultra rich are buying gold at record levels.
While busily telling the public to dump theirs, we're gonna look at the acceleration in the
currency war that the G20 has been talking about with Max Keiser, always informative,
always a popular guest in the third hour today. Wayne Madsen, former NSA officer syndicated
columnist, he's got intel, there's all sorts of political assassinations going on.
Meanwhile, police hunt for two men who killed the European head of Exxon Mobil execution
style. They say they don't think it's foul play, just a mugging or something. That's
why they killed him execution style, didn't steal anything. Author and former intelligence
contract pilot, accused in murder, suicide. Wayne's investigated that and says that it
looks like he was taken out, he was an author exposing Saudi intelligence involved in 9-11.
So he went bye-bye. And you really learn who has the power when you're in the media and
you criticize somebody like the Saudis and there's instant repercussions.
You put a YouTube video up criticizing them, and within minutes, YouTube bans it and puts
a strike on you. You really learn who's got a lot of power. British royalty doesn't like
being criticized either. They advertise all that, they don't have any power, the opposite
is the case.
Okay, here's the deal. Let me just mention some of the headlines. We'll see if I can
do it without plunging into the first or second story I get into. But we are going to roll
through a lot of news today in the hour and a half or so before our guest joins us.
Breitbart has now gone in and totaled up and so has WorldNetDaily totaled up. We've been
saying 1.75 billion bullets, 1,750,000 something million. Sorry, it's now over 2 billion bullets,
but that has not stopped AP implying that I'm making this up.
But it doesn't matter, they can try to shoot down the messenger. The information is getting
out there. Why is the government bought enough bullets for a 24 year war in Iraq? The troops
used 5 million bullets a month at the height of the Iraq war. So breaking those numbers
down, it's enough for a 24 year Iraq war.
And that's just, I'm sorry, Breitbart did the actual numbers crunching. In the last
12 months, it's over 2 billion. If you count what went back before that, because I've just
been adding up what I've seen in the news, I was saying 1.75 billion. And as usual, it's
worse than I said. So actually, it's true, I am inaccurate. It's worse than I said, which
is the case almost every time.
Boy, okay, so there's that. Meanwhile, a Seattle Times, they're saying, a misstep, we wanna
do home inspections, and they have built a ban semi-auto. And that's freak people out,
the police will be coming in your house. So they're saying, we need to get the guns incrementally.
That's an article called misstep and gun bill could defeat the effort. So they're very upset
at themselves. And they're like, hey, we gotta sneak up on these people. We don't wanna have
an open fight with them that were tyrants.
All gun shows halted in Maryland County. They tried that in Travis County named after William
Barrett Travis, if you can believe that or not. Right here in Austin, where I live, the
city, they tried to ban having a gun show, period, even on private property. That sounds
like San Francisco, next is banning gun shops in the city.
So there you go, all gun shows halted, period. No gun shows allowed, WTOP television. Here's
another one we're gonna be getting into along that front. Mother of Virginia boy who was
arrested over toy gun criticizes case and handling. And she says, how is a toy orange
gun brandishing a weapon when all he did was say, let's go after school and play with our
toy guns.
My goodness, we all play with toy guns at school. And this is the mind control that
we're dealing with as a society. And they're going ahead, he has a probation officer. They're
going ahead with the trial because the mother won't plead and put him on probation. And
they're gonna put a jury up there and tell him he's guilty, a 10-year-old, of felony
brandishing.
And they're trying to send him to juvenile hall that you can go read the articles there.
They're very, very, very proud of this. 10-year-old arrested for toy gun as probation officer,
lawyers, and second court date could end up in permanent criminal record. What can end
up in jail is the goal. He'll go to criminal college now at 10. And people are like, well,
this is injustice.
That's the whole point. I mean, if you can arrest a parent and give them $500 tickets
or whatever for their three-year-old urinating in the yard, do it. If you can tell the jury
this is brandishing of a weapon, doesn't matter the statute has to say that it is a real weapon.
Doesn't matter the jury's so stupid and the judge is so evil and the prosecutor's so evil.
I see cases every day reading the news where people are sent to jail and spend hard time
hard time in state pens and federal pens for things that aren't illegal.
Because the public doesn't know which end is up. We're in a lot of trouble here and
admitting this can reverse things. Would you like a case point example of people doing
hard time for things that aren't illegal?
I give you a lot of them. I bet you can think of some. Last time I checked it's now 16 states,
it was just 14 a few months ago that arrest people for filming police in public aggressively
and charge them with wire tapping, which is illegally taping someone on their own property
or tapping into a wire.
Which is what the government's doing with the smart meters and all the rest of it to
show the hypocrisy and the paradox there. And the hilarity of it if it wasn't so serious.
And there are people serving three, four, five year prison sentences all over the US,
hundreds of them in Illinois. The Chicago Tribune's done a bunch of reporting on it
saying it's a good idea by the way. And they even tried to put people in jail for life.
The state has actually put briefs in at the county level saying yes, we want these individuals
in jail for life, for life, for life. One guy, it was five charges, 15 years apiece.
There it is, Massachusetts man charged with wiretapping for recording cops. Guys, it's
making me mad. I can't remember the name of the guy. Type in man faces life in prison
for filming police or taping police, Illinois.
We've had him on, I just wanted to. And they had five consecutive 15 years sentences, and
they were having a real case where the state attorney came down to the county and they
were saying we really want this precedent, life in prison. Now imagine the off the chart
North Korean tyranny of that. The off the chart that Michael Allison was his name, that's
right.
There it is, man faces life in jail for recording police. And then after he beat him in court,
they would drive back by his house and pull up in his yard. He lives on the edge of town
and he fixes classic cars. He's like a rockabilly, but the real deal. And making money off fixing
up 57 Chevys.
So it turned out they wanted a bunch of the cars, they were so valuable, hauled them off
his junk. And so now they'll pull by and get out in his yard and when he films them, they
arrest him again. Cuz they don't care, they want life in prison, okay? You are going to
take your cars, you're going to prison for life. And the state attorney came down and
said, we want this precedent, judge. Do not throw this out, we want life in prison.
And the judge got so much pressure, he dismissed the case. So they've now gone and tried to
arrest him again with new filings. Imagine some guy with no criminal record in overalls
who fixes classic cars, no criminal record, lives in the house his parents had a junkyard
behind it. And this guy out in the country, films police taking his cars away and so he
faces life in prison.
That's America. We have another clip today of a little girl crying, the TSA tells the
two year old you can't have your dolly, men in uniforms are taking the two year old away.
I mean my kids, she cousins and uncles they haven't seen a while and when they're little
and hide behind you and are scared at first, that's normal instinct. Imagine you're at
a big bright lights, people walk over, they're gonna grab your two year old, they've got
the dolly.
And they said, please can they have whatever dolly's name was, it's in the article, it's
like Binky or something. When will you take her away to frisk her, can she have Binky?
And the woman's like, that's illegal to film me, that's it, police, got a new video today.
Of course, it's not illegal to film. I mean, that's why my wife's like, I wanna fly, I'm
sick of this, I wanna go places. And I'm like, listen, what are you gonna do when they grab
our small daughter and drag her off?
I mean, they're gonna target me at the Austin airport, they do. I mean, I walk up, they
go, Alex, okay, I mean, they all know who I am. I'm gonna go to a place where people
are gonna target my kids and drag them off. And if they cry, it's all over, folks. They'll
arrest little kids for crying, that's evil.
You got peanut butter, they'll arrest you for terrorism. See, I'm not joking, life in
prison for filming police in Illinois. Now, see, that's how my brain works. That's why
I get so frustrated, is I read article about the mother's going, this is an overcharge.
You're gonna put him in jail, a 10-year-old, he's a good kid, had an orange toy gun in
his backpack on the bus and said, let's go play cops and robbers.
And now the prosecutor's throwing the book at him? The mother doesn't even know that
it's not illegal, and that they falsely charged and falsely applied the penal code of the
Virginia state law. He didn't brandish a weapon, it has to be a weapon for brandishment. It's
a 10-year-old, it's not applicable. It doesn't matter, listen, he is prey.
This is the new slavery, is to get you in the criminal justice system, to get you in
the welfare system, or to get you working for a mega-corporation where they control
you. The name of the game is control. Now, I got through about five, six stories. When
we come back, the top stories, the demonization of the Tea Party goes into ultra, ultra high
gear. Folks, WWE creates racist wrestler to demonize the Tea Party, and guess who he's
a fan of? Alex Jones. On WWE, they're really getting desperate.
Your freedoms are on the line. The Second Amendment is in danger. How soon before your
freedoms are taken away? What can you not live without? What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns? Is it your home? No, it's food. It all boils down to the food supply.
Tyrannical governments control people by controlling their food supply. Don't be dependent, be
self-sufficient. Don't wait for the government to feed you, feed yourself. I can warn you,
but I can't feed you. Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from eFoods Direct.
It's the best long-term, storable food on the planet. Get the popular Mega Patriot Pack
free, a 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot, and fuel. Call 800-409-5633 or go
to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot Packs free with purchase.
Build your food supply, be in control, be self-sufficient, and be a patriot. Call 800-409-5633
or eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get your free Patriot Pack today.
Social unrest, food shortages, political turmoil, EMPs, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, fires,
riots, flooding. It's not a matter of if, but when. What if it happened right now? Would
you have the supplies to survive off the grid? OffTheGrid.com is the place to go for the
widest selection of survival supplies at rock-bottom prices. Head over to OffTheGrid.com for survival
kits, first aid supplies, dried food, water filters and purifiers, gas masks, solar and
crank radios, solar generators, ammo, knives, stun guns, pepper sprays, hacks and bags,
fire starters, a library of books, and a whole lot more. Get free same-day shipping on all
orders over $75. Enter promo code radio at checkout and receive an additional 5% discount
off our already lowest in the industry prices. OffTheGrid.com, proud to stand shoulder to
shoulder with you as we protect our Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic.
Nagging constipation, hemorrhoids, or painful bowel movements? Have you considered your
toilet posture? The colon needs proper alignment for faster, more effective elimination and
that's exactly what you'll get with a Squatty Potty. Not a cleanse or a pill, the Squatty
Potty is a healthy step in the right direction is doctor recommended and starts at just $34.95.
Call 855-628-1099 or go to SquattyPotty.com. Spelled S-Q-U-A-T-T-Y Potty.com. Squatty Potty.
Healthy colon, happy life. Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered
why banks, stock workers, investment advisors won't talk about gold IRAs? They've been available
since 1986, yet the financial industry won't recognize the value of gold for your retirement.
Gold has outperformed paper investments, yet no word about IRAs. If you would like to have
gold for your retirement, call 800-686-2237. Don't get left behind by rising inflation
and low returns, call 800-686-2237. Secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
Is your immune system under siege? Allergies and crippling immune diseases are on the rise.
Vaccines, radiation, and GMOs lead the charge against your health. Fortunately, health conscious
consumers are enlisting the help of RNA drops. RNA drops turn on the signals and switches
in virtually every cell of your body to activate what science calls your junk DNA. RNA drops
provide you with the ammunition you need to win the war on disease, pain, depression,
and decline. Hear hours of testimonials from people just like you at RNAFreeSample.com.
That's RNAFreeSample.com. And order a free one month supply of RNA drops. Pay only shipping
and handling at RNAFreeSample.com. Or call toll free 888-577-3703. That's 888-577-3703.
Or visit RNAFreeSample.com.
Coming up in the next segment, I'll get to WWE creates racist wrestler to demonize Tea
Party. They say that the racist, cuz he's not just against open borders. He then says
ridiculous things and his manager does. Jake Swagger, the former real wrestler and football
player.
And then they go out and say ridiculous things to demonize. And I've been getting calls about
this for a while, but Watson actually got sent one of the clips and it has between 14
and 15 million viewers a week. So to give you an idea, that's something like 25, 30
times the size of Piers Morgan's audience. People say, wrestling, that's fake. Nobody
believes that.
Really? I'd say about half the wrestling fans. I grew up in Dallas, Texas, folks, around
it all, okay? I go to the shopping mall, there'd be the Von Erichs there, everybody yelling
and screaming, running after them. I'd say about half the kids in my neighborhood thought
it was real. And then they'd get to be teenagers and pile drive some neighbor kid and put them
in a coma.
That actually happened. They had to ban wrestling at the school during the lunch recess cuz
people were body slamming each other. They're like, I don't understand, they do it on TV.
It's like, hey, Bubba, there's some redneck kid who just picked up some little kid and
body slammed him. Hey, it isn't real. You body slam somebody like that, you kill him.
And Watson shows the Twitter feeds. It was like, we'll get him, we'll get Alex Jones,
these racist filth. And then of course, he battles the guy with the Mexican flag and
Mexico wins. He's the villain, see? And he likes Rush Limbaugh, Alex Jones, and Glenn
Beck.
We have all these clips coming up. We're gonna get you evil Mexicans. I love Alex Jones.
And it's because Vince McMahon's a big Republican, so is his wife, ran for Senate. You've got,
I'm already covering this, I guess. I'm gonna get more to it in the next segment. You've
got his wife again running for Senate.
You've got Karl Rove demonizing the Tea Party, demonizing constitutionalist libertarians.
I mean, if you're not left of Lenin, Karl Rove doesn't like you now. And so it's a full-on
attack. I mean, even old line neo-con style conservatives like Rush Limbaugh are being
demonized by the Republican Party.
And Glenn Beck is being demonized. And of course, you know I am, because what's happening
is I'm pulling those guys more towards the Constitution and Bill of Rights and away from
all this left-right business. I mean, look, I can't go to Mexico and get free health care.
I can't go to Mexico and get anything. Mexico's got 110 million people in Mexico, 30 million
Mexicans here that aren't US citizens, that's a conservative number. The media says it's
15 million, it's more than double that.
And they have been taught racial ideology attached to the socialism and collectivism
of the Democratic Party. And the Republican Party leadership is the very same mega corporations
that want the cheap labor. And this is part of a program. And so it's now time to just
get rid of the borders, part of the North American Union that Bush signed.
With Vicente Fox, the Mexican president and the Canadian president back in 2005, just
north of me in Waco, Texas at Baylor University. And by the way, the treaty was secret for
about three years till Judicial Watch sued to get the Banff Canada meetings in 2007.
It's, I guess, two and a half years. And these are on Judicial Watch's website, they're in
my film Endgame, and they had a copy of the treaty in the minutes of that meeting. And
so they got the treaty. And it's to get rid of the borders, only allow certain development
zones and multinational corporations to operate who will be tax exempt.
You and I will not be tax exempt. I have articles about that today about Obama's development
zones. They're not Obama's development zones, they're the New World Order's development
zones. That's why the Republicans won't stop this.
And they've made it now a racial pride, Mexico. See, Mexico's allowed to have its nationalism,
the US isn't. But the globalists are just set piecing to bring both countries down into
each other into a larger global corporate colonized system. And it will destroy the
Mexicans, it will destroy Americans.
I don't care what color or what, quote, culture you come from. And that's the mastermind stroke
of the globalist. I've got articles today where the top 100 corporations are totally
tax exempt. Of course, that's on record as well. The mega families are tax exempt. Zuckerberg
and his public offerings just have been given over just a massive amount of money tax exempt
on their public offering.
It is incredible. That's the real discrimination, that they're setting up inland ports that
are tax exempt, but your company isn't. See, it's all about selective enforcement. And
meanwhile, all we're talking about is racial stuff, and they're imploding the two countries
into each other.
I'm gonna cover this when we get back. Then the incredible UN news and the city of LA
says they're gonna have me arrested. I'm gonna tell you about that. Stay with us, it's all
coming up. I'm Alex Jones.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing
a full selection of silver-based products. Our most popular silver-based products are
the 32-ounce nano-silver solutions, our 2-ounce nano-silver nasal applicators, as well as
our all-natural silver soaps. Just released is our 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver
gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and leave the silver
at the surface. But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin-nourishing
chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the
silver more effectively. Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver-based
products are best for you. That's www.silverlungs.com.
Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosilicic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver-impregnated white ceramic with new Aquamedics advanced media for removal of fluoride
and other heavy metals, all in one filter element. It is the only one that does it and
out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code WATER. This is the
only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosilicic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at Infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus can inflict severe
damage in the human body. Fortunately, a new and vastly improved silver solution has been
developed. Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary broad-spectrum antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal
solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin. Supernatural Silver
is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers. Using a patented technology that
is highly effective against colds, flus, infections, food poisoning and yeast in addition to many
other pathogens. Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe and is the number
one choice of thousands of people for immune system support. Find out how Supernatural
Silver could change your life. Go to SupernaturalSilver.com and use the promo code HEALTHY for 20% off.
Visit SupernaturalSilver.com and like us on Facebook.
Thanks for watching.
And I'll see you next time.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
So it's big, okay? And so the new audience, and now I've learned it's not just Jack Swagger.
Most of the white people are now gonna be idiot bad people who are racist and hate Hispanics
and then get defeated by guys with Mexican flags. That's right, Jack Swagger, we gotta
do a whole video piece on this. He comes out every night and fights a Mexican guy with
a Mexican flag who then defeats him.
I hate some Mexicans. And then he gets beat up. I mean, wow. And that's Vince McMahon,
who's a big establishment, Rhino Republican. He's a billionaire with his form of theater.
Men in tights, ballet, and all of this is going on. And you got about a large portion
of the audience that thinks it's real. I've known adults that will call in and go, it's
real. No, no, it's real. It's real. And I'm like, really? I've seen somebody body slammed
who was in a coma.
This is not real. Okay, I'll assure you, grown men who are six foot eight, pounding each
other in the face one time, blood's gonna be pouring everywhere. No, it ain't. But almost
all these folks never been in a real fight. They're like little arrested development,
toddling pot bellies who were like, we're gonna go to the matter of white Hispanic black.
It's like it's the same. They look the same. They act the same. It's real. Let's go watch
the big guy fight. It's real. I mean, most of them have got about 80 IQs. They're borderline
mentally retarded. I mean, I'm very sad about this. It's just a fact. Okay, you got people
that are there to laugh at it.
And then you've got people there that think it's real. And you don't really go to watch
the wrestlers. I know folks that are into this. Billy Corrigan puts on wrestling, and
it's a big joke and fun for him, the Smashing Pumpkins guy. I'm gonna get him back on, by
the way, when he's out for South by Southwest.
The point is, is that if it's entertainment, that's great. But you've got the people there
who don't understand half the audience is there to laugh at you. You are the entertainment,
okay? All right, I'm digressing. Let me just get to this and then get to all the other
news. Now, you've gotten the last week CNN and Atlantic Wire and others both saying that
I said the United States attacked Russia with secret space weapons with a meteorite.
When I said it was a comet or a stone meteorite, now the Russian government has officially
said they've studied pieces of it. They believe it was a rock and snow comet. That's why it
burned that bright is the water will actually burn when it heats up like that. Okay, boom,
I was correct as usual.
Not hard to know. It can be a stone meteorite. It can be a iron ore or nickel meteorite.
Or it can be what they call a comet, but they have another technical name for it that's
escaping me. Hold on, I even printed it up this morning from memory. Yes, here it is.
The object was identified as a solitary 10-ton bolide, which is in the comet family. Okay,
now, we put articles out saying it's a comet or a stone meteorite.
On record, these other pieces are spurs. That's why I think it was a stoning and not a bowler
or a polar or whatever they call it. The point is, is that all this is going on. They put
out a report saying that, well, I can show you the article. They're like, yeah, our analysis
is Alex will be Alex.
There he goes again saying the US attacked Russia with space weapons. And then CNN the
same day as last Friday, yeah, Alex Jones supports Dorner, the cop killer. Yeah, he's
a problem isn't he, man, loving dead cops. There's cops watching CNN going, Alex Jones
wants to kill cops. He likes Dorner.
When I was getting criticized for saying, Dorner, the story was true, is a monster killing
people's children to get at them. And that's the worst thing you can do. That's no hero.
That's not a vigilante. You don't kill somebody cuz you saw a cop beat somebody up and they
didn't get fired, allegedly.
I'm sure there was more going on. Doesn't matter what I really said. Because CNN and
MSNBC and all these other outfits are preying on their audience just like Vince McMahon
and his establishment Republican wife. And so you and I who know how silly this is, we're
sitting there watching this going, this is ridiculous.
But you imagine folks, this is what's taught in Mexico where they hand out maps about to
get to the US. They teach the Southwest belong to Mexico. Yeah, I did for about 20 years.
Belonged to the Russians, belonged to Spain, belonged to the French. No one could hold
it. Western settlers came in and were able to hold it.
That's what happened. It's the six flags of Texas. But the point is they teach, you're
poor cuz America took Texas and California. No, you're poor cuz you never got out from
under colonialism and never had a 1776. I want Mexico to be free. I want Mexico to be
prosperous. But there is a virulent anti-American, anti-white system pushed in Mexico.
Let's just be honest about it. And now in Spanish media owned by globalist, owned by
white guys predominantly, they teach it in the dramas, the sitcoms, everywhere. My wife
speaks Spanish. She grew up in Spain. She goes, look at that billboard. Listen to that
radio. I mean, when I first married her, she didn't really know about all this stuff. She's
like, are you kidding?
And then she sees Mexican grocery stores about. For those in the race, you're welcome to come
in. The Raza, the Raza, those in the race, everything, those outside the race, nothing.
This is Ku Klux Klan stuff. I've gone and protested the Ku Klux Klan. But why is it
acceptable to have this where they have a fake white guy play the part of discrediting
wanting to have sovereignty and wanting to have the same rules on immigration that Mexico
has that are, well, not even the same, there's a draconian.
And the idea of you don't totally give in to the globalist for a North American union
that won't help Mexico. NAFTA and Gatsch destroyed them as well. And then you get all the Mexican
drug gangs and almost 60,000 dead the last few years. And all of this, and then all this
racial identity when you can't have nationalism or racial identity in America, period, if
you're white.
And you're told all day how white people are inherently bad. And Arabs are saying ban the
Lego Star Wars set. Jabba the Hutt's supposed to be an Arab. It's racist, had nothing to
do with Arabs. But it's not meant to make sense. It's meant to put you on the defensive
and then also make you become racially based so the globalist can then play us off against
each other just like when they have a prison.
America is the model of a prison. America is the model of a prison where they have the
Asian gangs, the Mexican gangs, the Latino gangs that have to be separated from each
other. You have several blocks of the black gangs in the white area, and they're all racially
motivated. And if you don't get the Nazi tats, you're gonna be gang raped the first day if
you get in a serious penitentiary.
You will join the Nazis and probably bend over for them, or you're gonna be knifed to
death and the jail guards run the operation, bring drugs into them to sell. And it's the
same thing, you will join the black gang or you're gonna be knifed that day and everything
else. You will join the Mexican gang. This is how they want culture set up.
The Romans divided Rome, the city of Rome up into districts and played the grips off
against each other and then had a stronger militarized brigade over the city that controlled
them. This is ancient great game imperial management systems. And so imagine you've
got the Republican leadership saying how dare the Tea Party not want to totally open border
and total socialism and to turn their guns in.
And you've got Karl Rove out there saying that. And then you've got Karl Rove attacking
Alex Jones, now even Rush Limbaugh and Glenn Beck. Coming out saying these groups are bad,
these groups are radical. Let us run things, the new Republican Party, you'll lose if you
don't do this, you'll lose if you don't go along with this.
And they've got scripted, cuz I know people at WWE, it's all scripted and approved what
they say, what they do. It's all choreographed for a full four or five days ahead of time,
word for word and approved by the control freak Vince McMahon. So you're seeing scripted
every week, Jack Schwagger, we're gonna play some of this after the break.
Running around saying, and his manager saying every problem is the Mexicans, which is just
obviously ridiculous and racist. America's perfect if it wasn't for the illegal aliens.
And mixing the two together. And the commentators are like, yeah, Jack Schwagger gets that Alex
Jones fan mail. Limbaugh likes him too. And you're like, well, it's a joke. No, it's not.
The viewers out there watching it, mainly illegal aliens, about half their audience,
are sitting there really believing it's real. And really believing that I'm sending fan
mail to Jack Schwagger.
Okay, so, and it's everywhere, it's sitcoms, it's dramas, it's four TV shows demonizing
the former founding fathers. And anybody that's a gun owner today saying we're racist, we're
killers. If you talk about chemtrails on a drama, you're sick of looking at a nerve gas
in New York.
And of course, it's not real, but you've got the general public, the yuppies, you got yuppie
shows, the hospital shows, you've got the wrestling shows. For every demographic and
every demographic is Alex Jones wants to kill cops. Alex Jones likes Christopher Dorner.
Alex Jones says America attacked Russia with a meteorite. Alex Jones lied about bullets.
Alex Jones hates Mexicans. Alex Jones, you see, who are they attacking? And it's the
Republican Party, the Republican Party leadership. I mean, he spent tens of millions. How much
does she spend running in the Senate?
It was some record number. Is it 50, 60 million? Look up how much McMahon's wife spent on her
Senate run for me. I think it's like 60 million or something, my memory serves. The point
is, she couldn't even get in. And so now they're just throwing themselves at the power structure's
feet. Look, we'll do whatever you say. So now on Mainline TV, nothing has 15 million
viewers but the NFL now, 30 million viewers per show.
Super Bowl 75 million. She spent 100 million, that's New York Times, excuse me. One, I guess
when I saw the last number it was 60, $100 million trying to crawl up the hind end of
the New World Order. I mean, this is beyond brown dozing. I'm sorry that's what's going
on here, okay?
You witch bucket of puss, okay? And I'm telling everybody, boycott the WWE and the rest of
it. They are anti-American filth out there trying to imply anybody that wants sovereignty
and doesn't want this country bankrupted. The illegal aliens being brought in here to
vote take our guns, folks. I'd rather convert them and turn them over to liberty. But let
me tell you, that's not happening. The globalists want the illegals here. I don't want them
here. It's simple. Globalists are for it, I'm against it.
Stop the pain from broken, chipped and damaged nails and eliminate toenail fungus with a
revolutionary new nail hardener, Nails of Steel. Just apply one drop of Nails of Steel
over natural or polished nails and go. With Nails of Steel there's virtually no drying
time and it's guaranteed. Try this all natural, anti-fungal and herbal formula for women and
men. Call 816-896-8307 or get free shipping at NailsofSteel.com. NailsofSteel.com. It's
like a salon in a bottle.
We the people grow cotton, we fabric, engrave ink, embed strips and fibers to protect from
counterfeit and carting to a private bank, having it lead back at interest, forcing taxes
to service debt. This capitalism or was Jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing
the public currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than a standing
army? Hi, Ted Anderson. I'm placing a silver dollar in a book explains our monetary system.
Call for your copy. 800-686-2237. It's time to understand the system. Call 800-686-2237.
That's 800-686-2237.
Is this the year you finally get serious about your family's drinking water? If so, keep
listening for a special offer from Big Berkey Water Filters. Did you know that over 60%
of municipal water is fluoridated? Berkey Water Filters distinguish themselves from
many other filtration systems with the capability to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine,
fluoride, arsenic and disinfection byproducts from municipal water via the Black Berkey
and PF line of filters. Then there's affordability. At only 1.7 cents per gallon, Berkey Water
Filters purify treated and untreated water, even stagnant pond water. Stop and think how
much money you could save by simply reducing buying bottled water and using water filtered
by your Berkey Water Filter. No need to be constantly replacing expensive filters with
a Berkey. A single set of filters can last for 5 to 10 years. Choose the best size Berkey
for your needs at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com. And right now, all GCN listeners get 5% off
all ceramic filter systems. Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY. That's 877-99-BER-KEY. Or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
Free shipping on every order over $50. Big Berkey Water Filters, for the love of clean
water. Hey everybody, Ty Bollinger here. Once again, real life, real stories. And he discovered
Carnivora. Was so thrilled with the product that he shared it with his family and his
friends and his patients. My dad was a family physician, he was a medical doctor. Almost
all the symptoms were either diminished or gone. Amazing product, amazing results. Like
an amazing thing, having such a profound change in how I feel and knowing that it was the
Carnivora that did it. And a lot of patients got better. Ranging from immune dysfunction
to allergies and infection. Here's the toll free telephone number to call to access the
Carnivora telecast at Carnivora.com on Tuesday, March 12th, 8pm Eastern Time. Call 1-888-694-9666.
That's 1-888-694-9666. Once again, 1-888-694-9666. Visit C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A.com or call 1-866-VenusFly
to order now. The article is up at Infowars.com and PrisonPlanet.com right now. And it's very
important. Everybody goes and sees it. WWE creates racist wrestler demonized tea party.
This is meant to demonize anybody that's pro-gun, you name it. And I'm going to get more into
world news when we come back and then take your phone calls ahead of our next guest joining
us. But you know, aspartame and things really hits Hispanics worse than it hits anybody
else the studies show. But nobody's going to care about that in the Hispanic Raza groups
about why is everybody dying or how they're sterilizing little Mexican children in Mexico.
That's in the news. No, no, no, no, no. It's just learn to hate white people because the
globalists want to divide and conquer so they can attack everybody. Let's go to Paul Watson's
report on this travesty. Here it is. World Wrestling Entertainment has created an immigrant
bashing Bill of Rights loving don't tread on me flag waving racist character who according
to WWE commentators receives fan mail from Alex Jones, Rush Limbaugh and Glenn Beck.
Jack Swagger and his manager Zeb Coulter appeared on Monday Night Raw last night and were booed
by the audience as they talked about the Constitution, the Bill of Rights and illegal immigration.
The state of our union is pathetic. But real Americans are not the blame. The blame lies
solely on the shoulders of the millions and millions of people living in this country
illegally. See, they're meant to discredit things there. Those people live in our country,
but they don't have any qualms about taking medical care, taking our jobs, our educations
and our freedom. And here on President's Day, I think it's high time that we put a stop
to it. So then later in the show, the WWE commentators said that these two racist xenophobic
anti-immigrant hate figures received fan mail from none other than Rush Limbaugh, Glenn
Beck and Alex Jones.
So here was some of the response on Twitter last night. I see the WWE is crapping all
over the Tea Party right now with the Jack Swagger gimmick. Here's another one. WWE promoting
a racist immigrant hating Tea Party character versus a Mexican wrestler. Unfortunately not
an all time low, but top five low point. So Swagger and partner is racist and the match
at WrestleMania is against the Mexican. The WWE is back to being racist. The real American
against the wealthy Mexican who's fighting for the poor. And it goes on. So the WWE announcers
just said Jack Swagger is like Alex Jones and Rush Limbaugh. They had a don't tread
on me poster. So everybody was freaking out about this in the aftermath on Twitter. So
this is a continuation of the divide and conquer tactic of cultural subversion to manufacture
racial division and to characterize the Tea Party, conservatives, libertarians, opponents
of uncontrolled illegal immigration and constitutionalists as racist extremist radicals who should be
pushed to the fringes of the political discourse.
The rest of his video report and more videos up at info-wars.com breaking all of this down.
But this is how desperate the system is. They are targeting and trying to create division
and it's like this in movies, dramas everywhere. White people are bad. Anyone else is good.
Gun owning southerners. Well, I mean, you've got wrangle. So we've got to overcome southerners
in the Constitution. So see, white people are taught your bads and whites are like you're
right.
So they're beating themselves over the head with a baseball bat. I'm scum, I'm filth.
And the system's like, by the way, we're in a race. We're gonna take over. You're gonna
take that scumbag. That's right. And they script it. And it's put out by rich white
Republicans who want to gut this country. Vince the Trader McMahon.
This is GCN, the Genesis Communications Radio Network.
Your freedoms are on the line. The Second Amendment is in danger. How soon before your
freedoms are taken away? What can you not live without? What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns? Is it your home? No, it's food. It all boils down to the food supply.
Tyrannical governments control people by controlling their food supply. Don't be dependent. Be
self-sufficient. Don't wait for the government to feed you. Feed yourself. I can warn you,
but I can't feed you. Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from e Foods Direct.
It's the best long-term, storable food on the planet. Get the popular Mega Patriot Pack
free. A 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot and fuel. Call 800-409-5633 or go
to efoodsdirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot Packs free with purchase.
Build your food supply. Be in control. Be self-sufficient and be a patriot. Call 800-409-5633
or efoodsdirect.com slash Alex and get your free Patriot Pack today.
Aging war on corruption. Alex Jones on the GCN radio network.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
All right, here's what's going to happen. I'm going to news blitz through a bunch of
headlines, which means I'll get to about two or three and then stop on one in the next
segment. Then we're going to take some phone calls and Wayne Madsen's popping in for about
20 minutes. Then I'll continue with calls. Then Max Kaiser's joining us. Amazing. Google
passes $800 billion in total value.
Government pink slips printed as Congress vacations. Daring mega heist nets $500 million
in raw diamonds. Another business visited by Obama closes. Changes in tax structure,
creating angst among low, middle class. Well, yeah, it's designed to get rid of them, make
the poor even poorer, get rid of the middle class. Because Obama's a nice guy. I mean,
he's not racist. He's part, only half of him's racist. He's half white. But still, he wouldn't
lie to you because he's liberal.
I mean, he's USDA to illegal aliens. Don't worry, food stamps won't affect citizenship
chances. Can I go to Mexico and get some food stamps? No, but I'm a racist. I don't even
have a right to speak. I mean, whites are the devil. Update, Russian foreign minister
finally takes Kerry's call. We're getting to all that. Kremlin accuses Texas mother
of killing adopted son.
Son trashes Ted Turner in race. That's amazing. Of course, I'm reading off the Drudge Report.
The really important news is Robert Plant hints he's open to Zeppelin reunion. How are
you gonna do that without John Bonham?
Jason Bonham. Well, you're John Bonham. We'll call him Jason Bonham. Yeah, John Bonham's
son. By the way, Robert Plant hints he's open to Zeppelin reunion. See, they're talking
to me sometimes. That's why you'll hear me talking to myself. Perhaps I'm crazy. Perhaps
I need Prozac.
So that's some of the news up at TheMightyDrudgeReport.com. Look at this headline. Man burned to death
may have spontaneously combusted. And of course, Drudge was linked yesterday to our article
about the announcement that yes, we're gonna have drones for quote, public safety reasons.
I like the surveillance cameras are for public safety.
The TSA dragging your two year old away to a private room for personal inspection. That's
for public safety, ladies and gentlemen. So that's just some of the news that is up at
DrudgeReport.com. Also, Colorado College advises vomiting or urinating to stop rapists. That's
actually better than scissors. But I guess the liberals that wrote those policies think
that normal people are as neurotic as them and can just vomit on command. That does sound
like some whacked out authoritarian that calls himself a liberal who can projectile vomit
on command like a semi-automatic vomit machine.
You're trying to rape me like you're a bird or something and you just vomit on somebody.
What about Homeland Security? If someone starts shooting up your house or business, fight
them off with scissors. Scissors are okay, see, cuz that can't fight a tyrannical government.
Guns for self-defense, not good. Plus, Senator John Allen retiring, was nominee for NATO
Supreme Allied Commander Post. Yeah, they're purging the military at about one top brass
a week.
And of course, you saw the last SecDef nominee, Hagel, saying that the military is not following
Obama's orders and isn't under their new world order control. And the media, the left media
spun that like, that means they're war hawks and Obama can't control them. No, no, it's
the opposite.
They don't wanna attack Iran. They don't wanna be arming Al-Qaeda. They've been saying no
to all these new wars. They've been saying no to false flags. That's the real scoop,
scoop. Okay, we're gonna come back and get into all of Obama's golfing, cuz you need
to work harder so you can pay more taxes to the foreign banks.
All right, we are going to come back here. And there's also another report I need to
get to at dovetails, the mainstream news admitting the sweeteners are hurting people, the artificial
sweeteners about TV dumbing kids down. Stay with us.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms. But if you don't have a home security
system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When
you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out Simply Safe.
It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to getsimplysafe.com.
Simply Safe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power, so even if the grid
goes down, you are protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit, or shed. Getsimplysafe.com. Simply Safe is also
ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger
into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever
you go. You aren't always at home, but Simply Safe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's getsimplysafe.com.
Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at Infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Bend Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you are using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Big Brother. Mainstream media. Government cover
ups. You want answers? Well so does he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network. And now
live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones. There are mysterious deaths taking place not just
here in the United States but all over the world. Assassinations, fake suicides, you
name it. Breitbartisms. Police hunt for two men after oil chief, the European head of
Exxon Mobil, executed in the streets of the Brussels capital. And we're gonna talk about
how that ties into author and former intelligence contract pilot accused in murder or suicide.
That's their favorite way to kill you and your family and then blame it on you. Absolutely
the height of total wickedness. That way they demonize whoever they assassinate as well.
That is just some of what we're gonna be covering. I already got into this some but it shows
how desperate the system's getting. WWE, that's one of the biggest TV events out there other
than NFL, has a guy that tries to discredit the Tea Party, Jack Swagger, and then his
manager saying basically that if you don't have open borders you're a racist.
That's basically they come out and put out ridiculous debates that are pro Tea Party
winning to demonize the Tea Party. And again, that's a big Republican outfit broadcast on
Fox Television and Sky Television in Europe. And it's all tied to the Republican Party
and Karl Rove to demonize, well, Alex Jones, Rush Limbaugh, and Glenn Beck. They have these
guys say horrible things and then talk about what fans they are of Alex Jones, Glenn Beck,
and Rush Limbaugh.
It's a big deal. It's a big deal. It's done for propaganda purposes. WWE creates racist
wrestler to demonize Tea Party. Prominent American scientist calls for eco-dictatorship
worldwide under UN rule. A city of LA targets infowars over illegally posted signs. This
is a very important article cuz it shows the end of due process.
And you won't believe who's getting away with paying zero taxes. All the middle class gets
hammered. All the big money is tax exempt. And then they lobby, gee, us rich people don't
pay enough taxes. Better raise them cuz they get your money in banker bailout and corporate
welfare.
Maryland County bans gun shows, pretty amazing information. TSA screeners continue to lie
to passengers about legality of recording at checkpoints. And another big article, Democrats
introduced bill to allow police to search homes of gun owners in Seattle. Well, for
the state of Washington itself.
And it just shows how draconian it is. 15, 16 states now have bills introduced, Democratic
Party supporting them, to physically ban all semi-autos. But they're saying, hey, nobody
wants your guns. It's a conspiracy theory. Don't read the fine print. Trust us, we're
nice people. We're liberals. We're liberals.
Never mind those drones, never mind the checkpoints, never mind we just bought. They're now reporting,
I'm sorry, I said 1.75 billion. That was the latest numbers I had. I hadn't added all the
purchases up. WorldNetDaily and Breitbart have. It's over and I went and looked at it,
it's true.
It's 2 billion plus in the last just year. It's not counting what they bought in 2011.
So I've been underestimating, I apologize. Of course, the media says I made it up, there's
no bullets. And they have fine print that I'm correct, but still I'm a conspiracy theorist.
It'd be like if somebody walked up and gave you 100 karat diamond for free and it turned
out it was a real diamond. You just say, it's not real and throw it in the ditch. That's
kind of how it works.
Let me go over some of this other news. I've told you this about 100 times, but here it
is. Childhood TV addicts more likely to commit crime, major study shows out of New Zealand,
the University of Otago tracked 1,000 children born in the 70s through to today. And they
found that much more likely to be involved in crime, violent, mental illness, you name
it.
And the reason that is, they don't know why, really all the simulated violence and murder
and killing, they're not real people to a great extent. They're biological programmed
androids as the globalist in the 40s said they would do with TV. You can read the books
written, I think one of them is the five arguments for the abolition of television.
I read that book many years ago, I was at the four arguments, exposing how it was done.
Bernays talked about it. I mean, it's on record that it's not even so much the medium, that's
part of it, that it's a spectator thing. But you just start seeing everything is not real.
And then through that medium, the murders, the death, the killings. I mean, there's a
reason almost every mass shooter has been a white, goth, devil worshipper, shoot them
up first person video game head.
And I'm not persecuting goths. I'm not saying you're all guilty. I'm saying in a profile,
can you argue with the fact? They're programmed by the goth, devil, vampire, death culture
that permeates the last 20 years. That's artificially force fed. It's artificially force fed. And
they played first person shoot them ups, they get depressed.
They're unhappy. They're not climbing hills. They're not getting in fistfights. They're
not catching fish. They're not whitewater rafting down the rapids. They're not getting
turned down by a girl, but getting accepted by a girl. They're not going through adversity.
They're not going to even, I even respect gangs that go to old fashioned gang street
fights.
At least it's something real. Not that I ever was a part of anything like that. But the
point is, is that they've never lived in the real world, ladies and gentlemen. And so they
are absolutely disconnected from reality. And so the only reality is mass shootings,
death, murder, blood, Satanism, Harris, Kleibold, Lanza. About nine out of ten times, I've only
found a few where they're not, they are into nihilistic death cult vampirism.
Hitler loving. And they're like, well, these kids were Jewish. Why do they love Hitler?
Cuz it's the worst thing. It's like preacher's daughters are well known to be the wildest
thing you could ever imagine. It's the old joke of, yeah, I just moved to this small
town. I wanna find a hot date. I'm gonna go to church.
My dad used to tell me about that when I was a kid and I didn't believe him. That's amazing.
You can go pick the preacher's daughter up in about 30 seconds. And it's like the Jewish
kids are into Hitler. The preacher's daughters into doing crazy things in the backseat of
the car.
But the issue is, is that that's what's happening. These aren't real people anymore. They're
just programmed by what's the most shocking, what's the most evil, what thrills them. They're
attracted to darkness. They're attracted to evil. And I mean, I'm profiling where this
comes from.
I mean, there's profiles, there's archetypes that the media programs. White kids, you're
gonna be into vampires and goth and the occult. Hispanic kids, you're gonna be into hating
white people who are the racist and the worst people on Earth. Black kids, you're gonna
be into gang banging and killing each other. Asian kids, you're gonna be into computer
programming.
I mean, the media is literally trying to put people into these boxes in these programmed
areas. I said I would give the number out and take calls, but what's the point? I don't
even know if I'll get to your calls if I do. Let me continue here with some of the other
headlines. That's just one article out of literally about 150.
New Red Link, DHS supplier provides shooting targets of American gun owners. Whoa, whoa,
I wish Watson would have called me when he learned this. Holy mackerel, company produces
cardboard cutouts of non-traditional threats, pregnant women, elderly and children.
See, I told you the Marines and Army would do these urban warfare drills where they practice
shooting. Wow, wow, they're really getting ready. Where they practice shooting human
waves of US citizens mainly dressed as Southerners, as rednecks, white urban people are okay.
It's white rural must be killed. And I noticed that they use the zombie motif as a cover
and now they have huge mass fire drills where the Army and the Marines, but also naval security
and Air Force security practice mowing people down in John Deere hats and overalls, but
dressed up like zombies, so then it's okay.
And the media goes, they're having fun, they're practicing killing zombies. But now they're
being given non-traditional threats for the police of a little boy with a gun and a pregnant
woman. I'll never forget the Homeland Security AP, right after Homeland Security got set
up in 2002. They said, in our training, we train them that priests can't be trusted or
pregnant women or men wearing blue jeans or who have cell phones.
A mother with her child, no more hesitation, young mother on playground, kill her. Guys,
print this for me. This is just, see, I already knew this was going on. You know what? You
just handed it to me. I've got to get Watson. A mother in her, or a middle aged woman in
her robe in the bathroom, or is that the garage?
I got to call Watson. He probably has it in there, he's so sharp. But he should point
out they're now doing zombie killing raids again. And then we can put links to police
at 2000 where it wasn't zombies. And folks are like, you're practicing mowing down unarmed
people who are rushing you with signs saying you can't take my guns or I want food.
No more hesitation, young school aged girl, NMH 6. Yeah, see, that's to train cops in
instinctive shooting where you don't think. See, video games got developed by the Pentagon
in the 60s cuz about half the troops wouldn't kill somebody up close.
And if you don't kill somebody up close, you become dead marine, to quote Full Metal Jacket.
You must hone your killer instinct. You must kill him before he kills you. The old good
old boy with the 12 gauge shot. I love how all these people are white, good, good. Well,
you will know who needs to be dealt with, I mean, it's the white people.
The new white al-Qaeda. All the training videos is minorities, who are the majority now, reporting
on the whites, the whites. And now Jan Napolitano says, the number one threat is white people.
It's white gun owners, it's not al-Qaeda. Global is running them now, it's white people.
They're going to kill us. Look at that evil lady. I mean, that is an evil white lady.
Can we see more of the evil whites, please? My gosh, man, I tell you, these will be popular
at the, evil white man. Good, get rid of him immediately, no more hesitation. The little
white kid, nothing worse than a little white kid, woo, woo.
I hate white kids. There's nothing good. Fill them full of lead. Yosemite Sam is gonna commit
suicide. He's white and everybody knows he's bad. Well, he'll burn down the orphanage and
shut down the old lady's home. Your freedoms are on the line. The Second
Amendment is in danger. How soon before your freedoms are taken away? What can you not
live without? What is your greatest dependency? Is it your guns? Is it your home? No, it's
food. It all boils down to the food supply. Tyrannical governments control people by controlling
their food supply. Don't be dependent. Be self-sufficient. Don't wait for the government
to feed you, feed yourself. I can warn you, but I can't feed you. Do like Alex has done
and get a supply of food from eFoods Direct. It's the best long-term, storable food on
the planet. Get the popular Mega Patriot Pack free. A 24-day supply of food plus stove,
cook pot, and fuel. Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get up
to 20 Mega Patriot Packs free with purchase. Build your food supply, be in control, be
self-sufficient, and be a patriot. Call 800-409-5633 or eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get your
free Patriot Pack today.
Time and time again. You need to come here and help us. We need assistance. Please. Those
we should be able to depend on, let us down. Federal and state and local officials saying
help is on the way. Well, the folks here in Bell Harbor say show me. Don't depend on the
government to save you. Take action now so that you're prepared for the next disaster
with MyPatriotSupply.com. Get the best prices on storable food, non-GMO seeds, water filtration
devices, home canning equipment, survival and self-reliance books, and more at MyPatriotSupply.com.
Call 866-229-0927.
We are hurting down here and we need help immediately.
Before it's time to survive, it's time to prepare. MyPatriotSupply.com. MyPatriotSupply.com.
I lost 18 pounds in just four days. Hi, I'm James Zetta. If you're like me, you've already
tried and failed at many diet and weight loss plans. The 18 and four weight loss plan requires
no exercising, no diet pills or additives, no laxatives, no meal replacements, and no
diet drinks. The 18 and four program is crystal clear with a day to day step by step and meal
to meal guide. If you're not satisfied with your results, I will give you my 30 day full
money back guarantee. Go to 18 and four.com. That's the number 18 I N the number four.com.
We the people grow cotton, we fabric engraving embed strips and fibers to protect from counterfeit
then carting to a private bank, having it led back at interest, forcing taxes to service
debt. This capitalism or was Jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing the public
currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than a standing army? Hi, Ted
Anderson. I'm placing a free silver dollar in a book that explains our monetary system.
Call for your copy. 800-686-2237. It's time to understand the system. Call 800-686-2237.
That's 800-686-2237.
Hey there, Frank Bates here. Have you heard about the weird device that could wipe out
280 million Americans? This is really scary stuff. Defense experts warn that this odd
device poses the greatest threat we've ever known. In fact, just a few weeks ago, former
Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich wrote an op ed piece for the Washington Post warning
about this deadly threat. I can't believe that more people aren't talking about this.
It may be because the liberals and the government are trying to cover it up. That's why my friend
just created a free video at weirddevice.com that exposes this threat and blows the doors
off a conspiracy. Go watch the shocking video at weirddevice.com right now to discover exactly
what it is, plus discover the number one way you and your family can survive this deadly
attack. I'm not sure how long this video will be online, so go to weirddevice.com before
it's gone forever. Again, that's weirddevice.com.
See, everybody keeps wondering why every one of these mass shooters has been a first person
shooter video game addict in every case. And they've been on serotonin reuptake inhibitors
or other psychotropic drugs. You mix those things together. They then people didn't give
into the prevailing youth culture of devil worship and destruction, and then they think
it's really cool to go kill little kids.
And then you've got other cases where it's not a goth, but more of a drugged out person
they're using as a graduate student who's got a DARPA mind control $30,000 a year grant.
And then that, of course, is the Batman event. And the media goes, why does Jones keep connecting
the shootings to the Batman after the fact and finding clues like Sandy Hook? We said
before the movie came out that it was going to be a trigger for events.
I recognize programming when I see it. People say, well, how do you know? It's like an eye
of somebody who's into horses. There's only a few of these guys out there who can go and
tell you that's the stud horse you wanna use or that's the horse you wanna race. They're
like, well, how do you know that?
I watched him. He's never been in a race before. We were gonna use him for stud. I'm telling
you have that horse in there. And they will tell us why. I can't tell you why. I've learned
the enemy. And everybody's been like the last few years, why does the military practice
repelling zombie attacks and official drills?
Because they know you're weak minded and the troops are weak minded. And it's conditioning
to mow down groups of unarmed Americans and to dehumanize us. And you're like, wow, yeah,
doesn't that make sense? Of course, that's what it is. Because I know the whole psychology
behind it. I'm not smart, folks. I've studied these people.
That's what's so frustrating is that they, in the 60s, they had pop up targets for the
troops of okay, enemy, okay, non enemy, okay, to try to get them to instinctively shoot
from playing a game with a real firearm in a reactive situation going through a building.
So that when they went out to have a real firefight and the enemy popped up, they just
saw a helmet, you kill them. Now, they have been trying to get everybody ready to just
kill the average American.
So I've been to the urban warfare drills since 1997. Let's not exaggerate, I've probably
been to 25 drills or so. I've had footage sent to me from hundreds. I made four films
about them. And the Army and the Marines train with special units to test and create the
leadership who were then sheep dipped out to be cops, police chiefs, and others a decade
later.
We've tracked this pattern to who will kill people dressed up like my grandfather dressed
on the farm. Overalls, coveralls, John Deere hat, this is America, you can't, they take
them down. They line them up, they shoot them. And Marines that say, I'm not gonna do this.
Well, they're just transferred out to hardcore combat and got a big vaccine lineup for you.
Hope you enjoy getting enough shots to kill an elephant. Bye bye, Sergeant Johnson.
Yeah, of course, those taking part of it don't even see the compartmentalization, okay?
And then they've created their giant army to do this, Brigade Homeland, which is a 378,000
auxiliary force, that's Army Times, three years ago. Look it up, Brigade Homeland starts
here.
What is it, November 1st is the headline. And how they plan to beef it up to 370 plus
thousand by 2013. And now we're 2013, well, that was 2011 or 2010, they said that. And
now the big, this isn't some little site. This is Law Enforcement Targets Inc, which
counts themselves as one of the largest sellers of targets, industrial level. And look at
the targets here.
No more hesitation, pregnant woman threat. Punch this up for people here. Company produces
cardboard cutouts of non-traditional threats, pregnant women, elderly, and children. Or
we can punch it up on infoawards.com if the computer isn't working. A provider of realistic
shooting targets, the Department of Homeland Security and other federal agencies for their
1.6, I'm sorry, now it's 2 billion bullets, has created a line of non-traditional threat
targets that include pregnant women, mothers in playgrounds.
Guys, go have Weldon right now order a bunch of these. I wanna order a bunch of these right
now for the shooting show as we can go illustrate this. And elderly American gun owners, I gotta
take them out. Law Enforcement Targets Inc is a 21-year designer and full service provider
of training targets for the DHS, the Department of Homeland Security.
And of course, and other law enforcement agencies throughout the country, yeah, you don't want
a Taliban figure, a bank robber figure, a bad guy figure. No, no, no, no. The guy with
a scruffy beard with a gun out to a little kid, no, no, no, no. So you practice shooting
him in the head, no, no, no, it's your grandpa.
It's a pregnant woman, learn how to kill a pregnant woman. To Pavlovian, have instinctive
shooting so that when you see the woman, you kill her. And of course, targets have always
been about who are we demonizing? The famous Osama bin Laden targets. Well, now it's the
pregnant woman. And don't worry, every single one of these evil people is white.
And that's the most important part about all the new Homeland Security videos. The training
videos are everyone is white as a terrorist. Everyone who's not white is the good guy reporting
them. And you've got all the TV shows to back it up, the dramas where the terrorists are
white gun owners and the WWE, says Alex Jones is an evil white person as well.
We're on the march, the empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers. The prognosis for the entire planetary
economic system runs from bad to worse. The globalist model is to shut down societies
and starve patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover. That's why we've assembled
the most vital and important preparedness items at Infowarsshop.com. These are items
that I did research on that I personally use.
You've got the life straw so you can turn fetid water into safe water anywhere you go.
The Ktor hand crank generator to charge up key equipment during power outages are out
in the field. Strategic relocation third edition by Joel Skousen. When disaster strikes by
Matthew Stein. Ferrosafe used by Homeland Security to protect yourself during any radiological
event and crank shortwave AM FM radios.
Everything that we've researched and found to be the best is available at Infowarsshop.com
and your purchase makes our info war possible. We're getting prepared. Are you? Infowarsshop.com.
It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus can inflict severe
damage in the human body. Fortunately, a new and vastly improved silver solution has been
developed. Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary broad spectrum antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal
solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin. Supernatural Silver
is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers. Using a patented technology that
is highly effective against colds, flus, infections, food poisoning and yeast in addition to many
other pathogens. Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe and is the number
one choice of thousands of people for immune system support. Find out how Supernatural
Silver could change your life. Go to SupernaturalSilver.com and use the promo code healthy for 20% off.
It's SupernaturalSilver.com and like us on Facebook. Tyranny is here. The grim future
foretold in 1984 has become reality. It really says that the state is God. The United States
is now recognized globally as one of the most oppressive police states on earth. This film
conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps now being expanded nationwide.
This documentary exposes how the continuity of government program has established an all
powerful shadow state. Police State 4 chronicles the sickening depths to which our republic
has fallen. Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship, body scammers,
sound cameras, citizen spies, stage terror and cameras on every street corner. It's only
the beginning of the New World Order's hellish plan. The police state isn't coming. It's
here. Secure your copy today at Infowars.com or see it online in the highest quality at
PrisonPlanet.tv.
He aligns himself with the truth and it's time for you to choose a side. You're listening
to Alex Jones.
The United States and the rest of the world is literally bathed in anti-human, anti-family
division and propaganda. And the establishment is fully trying to declare the Tea Party discredited,
demonized, destroyed. Because even though it's not been perfect, it was founded really
by Ron Paul, myself and others. And taken over by the Republicans, they tried to infiltrate
it.
They have failed and it's getting a lot of constitutionalists elected to Congress who
are pro-constitution and even anti-war. In the case of people like Walter Jones, who's
really woken up. And so you've got Karl Rove, the whole system coming after it. And that's
why you've got CNN, WWE Wrestling run by the McMahons, Republicans. You've got Karl Rove
all over Fox, Fox broadcasting WWE Wrestling, demonizing myself.
But even Rush Limbaugh and Glenn Beck saying we're racist. And then the Mexican with the
Mexican flag defeats our champion. This is meant to create division just like they have
prisons set up along racial lines to control the population. America and the rest of the
world is becoming one giant prison.
That's why we say prisonplanet.com. But this new DHS supplier provides shooting targets
of American gun owners. Company produces cardboard cutouts of non-traditional threats. Pregnant
women, old men, farmers who've got to be killed by the police. And again, paper targets of
images were created in the 40s to create instinctive shooting.
And by the 60s, video games to make people not hesitate and kill. Cuz they can't move
to combat robots on the ground quick enough. And then and all the aircraft being combat
drones where you're just killing a blip on a screen. So before they get to that point,
they need to dehumanize and prepare for the new domestic ground war that Homeland Security
has been pushing with now over 2 billion bullets.
Now we're gonna talk about very mysterious murders and murder suicides. And the fact
that now within minutes of Breitbart being killed, they said, it's natural causes when
no doctor had ever said that. And he wasn't even cold yet, less than an hour after he
died. They killed so many people. I'm gonna talk about a moment with Wayne Madsen, Pulitzer
Prize winners exposing things that this is how they'll kill me.
And I will never commit suicide. I will never hurt my family. I barely even over the years
spanked my children. And I would never even enter my mind in a trillion years. But the
thing they do is they kill you and they kill your family. And they're doing this more and
more. And so we're gonna be talking about that with former NSA officer and syndicated
columnist Wayne Madsen and WayneMadsenReport.com here in just a moment.
Wow, there is so much to get to here. Briefly, this broadcast is listener supported. That
means spreading the word about our AM&FM affiliates, supporting their local sponsors or becoming
a sponsor. It means going to InfowarsStore.com and buying the Infowars.com shirts. The tyrant
Obama shirts, the come and take it AK-47 with the Constitution, Second Amendment side of
it.
We've got two different new types of camouflage Infowars.com hats. We've got some of the February
issue of the magazine left in bulk, or you can subscribe. It's all at cost. Big color
glass glossy magazine, 60 pages, great way to wake others up. The pro pure water filtration
with the pro one, gravity fed, colloidal silver impregnated that removes or reduces it to
95% hydrofluorosolic acid, which is none of the other filters can do.
They just take out some of the sodium fluoride. All available discounted 10% off at InfowarsStore.com.
With promo code water, you get 10% off. Or when you call, be sure and tell them about
promo code water with all the LifeStraw, you name it. All the best products that I've researched,
that I use, that I believe in, all discounted at InfowarsStore.com or 888-253-3139. And
you can also write to us at P.O. Box 19549, Austin, Texas 78760. But just remember, the
more you buy from us, the more you support us, the more you support our sponsors, I can
hire more crew. I can make more films, more powerful nightly news, more powerful research.
We are the best there is. Doesn't mean we're that great. But we are the best there is.
And that means we've got a very serious responsibility to fight the globalists as hard as we can.
Plus, they could kill me anytime. And I don't think that'll happen because of your prayers
and because of the fact I'm so vocal and clear about all this. But they don't care. They'll
burn down Dorner's cabin and say, we're gonna burn that house down. Yes, ring the fire,
we're gonna burn it down.
Okay, the burner's replaced, it's lit. Okay, it's on fire, okay, we burned it down. And
then say, we never said that, you're a conspiracy theorist. And that it's supporting Dorner
to say they executed him. So that they could do anything. I mean, they could blow my head
off on national TV and said I did it.
And Obama could do it. They'd say, he could blow my head off and then say, I did not blow
his head off. On national TV, on the stage at the Super Bowl, he could blow my head off
and then say, Alex just blew his own head off and killed his family.
That's the level of mind control that some of the public is under. And they're trying
to get to that lawless point where they can do whatever they want. Gary Webb, six months
before he died, I'd had him on a few times to pull a surprise winner. And I called him
up cuz I was doing my own producing at the time, setting up in radio.
It's not like in TV, the producer owns the show and finances it. In radio, the producer
sets up the guests basically. And I was producing my own show. And I called him up and he said,
yeah, listen, I don't wanna come on for about six months. My book's gonna come out that
totally proves government drug dealing.
They tried to discredit me and stuff, but I never backed down my Pulitzer Prize in the
Dark Alliance. And then he talked to some of his friends and family who I was talking
to about a film. They're like, yeah, Gary's really freaked out right now. He caught guys
climbing out of his house, special forces types, sliding down from the second floor,
commando style on the water drains, definitely special ops.
He's getting threats, but he's gonna get this book out. And about a month before the book
came out, they shot him twice in the head. And the police instantly said, he killed himself,
here's the suicide note. Same thing with the DC Madam, fake suicide note. I haven't got
a copy of her handwriting, wasn't even close, okay?
The Arkin sighting with Fannie Malick where people be shot 15 times, you have their arms
and legs cut off and he'd rule it a suicide. Little kids killed, and he'd rule it, little
kids with gunshot wounds in them and lay on railroad tracks. Cuz of Mina, Arkansas, and
I've interviewed the people that were there.
The guy that wrote the book about it, Terry Reed, who was there and witnessed the government,
the cocaine, and Bill Clinton, and the aircraft, and all the rest of it there at Mina. And
he's only alive cuz he wrote a book. And he waited, got it out, kept quiet till the book
came out.
So we're in a business here of defending liberty that is absolute life and death. I mean, I
want you to understand, this isn't a game. Wayne Madsen, he worked at the NSA, he does
the Capitol beat in national security. You see him on C-SPAN a lot, National Press Club.
He had to leave last year for about three or four months because he was told by his
government sources they've got a head out on you.
And just by going public and then leaving for that window, that protected him. And I've
had people call up, just to be clear how real the new world order is, myself and my wife,
and tell us things we were just talking about so they know it's serious. This happened to
me three or four times, happened to her three or four times, actually more than that.
And it's just like a movie. They'll go, you were just talking about this with your mother.
Now, do you understand? I'll cut your frickin' head off, you understand, you bitch. We're
gonna kill you and your family. I mean, that's the kind of stuff this is. That's who runs
this country, okay? With special ops designed to scare you as much as they can.
Now, that little dog's in the backyard, I'd like to chop your head off, bitch, okay? And
you're like, they see my dog, they know my dog, they're listening right now, okay? I
hope your dad dies in the hospital. They like to call too, you've had a tragedy, they're
trying to cause a chain reaction.
That's who runs America. Let's just stop being naive about this, okay? People that make Linda
Blair look like a sweetie cake run the country, okay? People with a direct line to Beelzebub
run the country. They run Al-Qaeda, they run the New World Order. Look at the television,
everything wholesome they demonize, everything evil they promote.
Abortion is a right. It's so wonderful, let's chop up some babies. Now, that said, we're
gonna have Wayne for five minutes the next hour, then Max Keiser. Let me give you the
background on this. Document cam shot police. Former airline pilot and conspiracy theorist.
See, it's okay, cuz he's a conspiracy theorist. He didn't trust the government, he wrote a
book. He worked as a contract pilot for Black Ops.
Again, that's why they had government people, the mainstream admits, take everything out
of his house after he was dead. National security came and took everything out of the house.
Former airline pilot and conspiracy theorist shot dead his two teenage children and his
dog before turning the gun on himself, cuz the police say so.
The neighbors all say he was great and super nice and didn't even keep his gun loaded,
and said he was being followed because of his book, The Big Bamboozle, Philip Marshall,
about Saudi Arabian intelligence tied into the US government carrying out 9-11. Which
is admitted, I've had the head of the US Embassy on who said they were ordered springman to
let the head of the visa unit, let him in because they were really CIA agents.
They were trained at US bases. I talked to Colonel Marshall, the Defense Language School.
He said all I know is Muhammad had a train in my class. And he believed he was in danger
and he told people I'll never commit suicide. And then look at his sweet little kids. Can
you guys document Cam this or actually punch it up? Yeah, sweet, beautiful, wonderful children,
loving kind eyes.
He has loving kind eyes, dead, not enough. You didn't wanna kill him down the street.
You wanted to discredit his book. Just like a drone, Obama says they can kill 200 people
at a wedding to get one bad guy, they claim. Well, it's the same thing, collateral damage.
You're gonna kill Haji's all day to humanize them. How about the little redhead girl and
her brother? Let's grease them. I bet they begged before you splattered their brains
all over the place after you'd already killed daddy.
I bet they screamed and cried, cuz the good guys run America. Such good guys. Let's show
him mowing the yard with his son. This is what they do. They come to your house and
they grease you and your family. Isn't that, Joe, look at him with his baby son there.
Cuz this guy knew too much. He flew and he was in Black Ops. And he was starting to speak
out. So it's not enough to kill him. No, let's kill his family too, excuse me.
And then that ties into this article. Police hunt two men after oil chief assassinated
in Brussels. And within minutes of the ExxonMobil head of Europe, involved in all the big green
energy stuff, that's probably why he was killed, cuz that's a big scam. The head of it, men
on motorcycles are waiting. They shoot him twice in the head, he hits the ground.
They make sure he's dead. They jump on motorcycles and speed away. And the police say, we think
it was just a mugging, even though they stole nothing. Precision assassination. Don't kill
the wife, just punch her, cuz they weren't paid to kill her. Probably police department
or people working for them, cuz the real hit teams are usually on police departments.
I give you Wayne Madsen on WayneMadsenReport.com. I know I'm ranting here, sir. You've got the
floor till we go to break. What is going on with these cases in the background? Cuz there's
not many folks out there that experienced this. You and I worked for the DC madam, you
warned her, I warned her. We've interviewed a lot of people who end up dead. You get the
death threats, I get the death threats.
The audience out there doesn't understand, this is real, Wayne Madsen.
Well, I went out to Calaveras County, Alex, very skeptical about what the police said.
In this case, Calaveras County Sheriff. Coming back, there is absolutely no way that this
man, Phil Marshall, killed his two kids, his 17-year-old son, his 14-year-old daughter
himself, and his little pet Shih Tzu dog, Suki. All dead, a single gunshot shot to each.
Marshall was in the left side of his head. Police said even before they had finished
investigating the case, they permitted professional cleaners to come into the Marshall home to
clean the premises. After that, there were two sets of vehicles seen at the Marshall
home, still conducting the investigation after the home was professionally cleaned.
Now, this guy's background in black ops, I mean, I think that's why they were so scared
of him.
Yeah, he worked out of Lakefront Airport before joining Eastern Airlines in the early 80s.
He worked with Barry Seal, the DEA, CIA courier turned informant who was brutally shot to
death multiple times, shot multiple times in his car in Baton Rouge on February 19th,
1986. Seal was getting ready to testify about CIA drug money and cocaine smuggling and arms
smuggling, and they found in the trunk of Barry Seal's car the private phone number,
of course, of then Vice President George H. W. Bush.
Phil Marshall was Seal's pilot after the government revoked Seal's pilot's license. He flew him
around and I found a photograph of a very young Phil Marshall, probably about 24, 25,
standing next to the CIA Learjet parked at Mina, Arkansas.
So they were really worried, this guy put out a 9-11 truth book, really fingering the
Saudis for being heavily involved. And it's in the news that he was worried for his life.
And you talk to local cops, I guess they're so cowardly, they're gonna go along with the
official story.
Well, the sheriff, they're not talking to the press, they're in complete Seal lips mode.
I talked to several of Phil Marshall's friends and neighbors. Unfortunately, he was estranged
from his wife, but it was very amicable. The thing that really is puzzling is he told people
that he had this 9-millimeter Glock, but he said, a lot of good it'll do me, I don't have
any bullets for it.
It was registered, so they knew he had it. But the only thing the sheriff leaked out
was that they found Phil Marshall's wedding ring on a box of that 9-millimeter ammo at
the scene. And everybody who knew him told me, they said Phil hasn't worn a wedding ring
since he was separated from his wife.
So where did the ring come from?
I saw this with that state senator, she called me, we need to look up her name, redhead,
nice lady, she was fighting the CPS, taking kids. And she called, she said, I have the
proof, I have the documents, the bounties on kids, I'm ready to come on next week.
She called the producer, and that was a Thursday, she said, I'm ready to come on next week,
they have a bounty on certain kids, I have the proof, we've got them, we're gonna save
the kids.
Her and her husband shot and killed themselves that Saturday at their house. I mean, I see
this all the time, Wayne, and it's very, very dangerous. I mean, they kill you, they kill
your family, and then they blame you for it.
Right, and there was no suicide note in this case. And everyone who knew Phil Marshall
said, he was an easygoing guy. But the interesting thing I picked up is that he told a very good
friend of his that, he said, wait till you see my next book that's coming out, I really
got some shocking stuff in it.
He was working on yet another book. The question is, what happened to his computer? What happened
to his files? I went to the front of his home and there right by the front door were a bunch
of empty bankers boxes. I took a photo of it, I got it up on the website. But either
they had one too many boxes to haul the files out or they had taken the files from these
boxes and left the empty ones in front of the house.
Why slaughter the kids now? Now that they like to kill the family now that they can,
is it to demonize the subject or be able to shut the whole scene down?
Yeah, it's to make the murder-suicide look plausible. That you've got a guy who's a ticking
time bomb. Some of the local papers were terribly vicious against Marshall. The Union Democrat
out of Sonora called him a killer.
Yeah, it's a great way to demonize 9-11 truthers and quote conspiracy theorists. Absolutely.
Well, another victory for the New World Order. I bet they really enjoyed killing those little
kids. Just like the drones do every day, it's all part of the freedom. But the government
loves us, I forgot. The two billion bullets are to take care of us. Stay there, Wayne
Madsen.
You land in Buenos Aires, then a shuttle to Santa Rosa, where a nicely furnished cabin
with all amenities, Wi-Fi, executive food and wine, and laundry service awaits. After
a good night's sleep, your adventure begins. You're on a golden stag safari for big game.
But it's not Africa, it's Argentina. One-on-one guided hunts for water buffalo, huger, bighorn
rams, wild boar, and the biggest stag deer in South America. All gold medal quality.
All the action you can handle. Land rovers, top rental guns with scopes, all food, beverages,
hunting guides, ground transportation included, and more. All more affordable than you can
imagine.
The adventure of a lifetime starts at GoldenStagSafaris.com. The big game hunting ranch. GoldenStagSafaris.com.
Fall in love with food storage savings this February at BePrepared.com. Going on now,
BePrepared.com saves you over $300 with a premium 1600 one-year supply, including 126
tons of freeze-dried and dehydrated food, or get the new gourmet 14-day food supply with
a full 2,000 calories per day with pre-planned menu. Stroganoff and noodles are 20% off with
purchase of six or more. Mountain House pork chops are back in stock at 34% off. Pack your
own low moisture foods with our new do-it-yourself super pale combo on sale at 22% off. Add to
your preparedness with minor surgery kits at 15% off. And wool blended blankets are
only $11.89. The February fall in love with savings sale ends February 28th at BePrepared.com.
For contents and details, visit BePrepared.com or call 800-999-1863. The choice is clear.
Be unprepared or BePrepared.com.
It's time for a home security quiz. Answer this. What effective home security device
is smaller than a coffee cup fakes out burglars into thinking someone is home at your house
while you're away, plugs into any wall outlet, is recommended by many police departments
and sells for less than $35? Yes, it's fake TV. This year about one in every 50 U.S. homes
will have a break in with burglars usually picking the easy target, a dark house that
looks like no one is home. Fake TV is a small electronic security device that makes it look
like someone is home watching TV by simulating the light from a real TV. It's like a lamp
on a timer but far more convincing. And for only $34.95, fake TV could be the difference
between coming home to a secure house or one that's been ransacked. Go to Faketv.com or
call 1-877-5FAKETV. That's 877-532-5388 or go to Faketv.com. Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
Our investigator Wayne Madsen traveled to the home of Phillip Marshall, who was a clandestine
black ops pilot with the CIA, that's undoubted. And he had written a book, The Big Bamboozled,
United States Intelligence Community. And for that, his children have been murdered.
And he has been framed. Some of the headlines at infoawards.com. Before we go back to Wayne,
Sheriff warns of second American Revolution. If gun grabbers get their way, very powerful
video, very powerful article, reporting on our interview yesterday. DHS supplier provides
shooting targets of American gun owners.
It is preparing for the gun confiscation war. Homeland Security, this is one of their vendors.
Police claim Lanza in direct competition with Norwegian shooter Breivik. Democrats introduced
this bill to allow police to search homes of gun owners without warrants. WWE creates
racist wrestler to evenize Tea Party and Alex Jones. That's just some of the insane stuff
happening.
Wayne, I wanna talk to you more about this guy in this short segment, the little segment
we have ahead of Max Keiser joining us, thewaynemadsenreport.com. Invaluable information. You've dealt with this,
I've dealt with this. Many people we've known like Gary Webb, the DC Madam, they murder.
I mean, it's really creepy. And it seems like there's an increase in murders going on this
way. In a larger area, what do you think's happening? Then we'll get back into this case
and you traveling there and getting the dirt on what happened.
Well, I'm afraid what we're becoming, we're becoming like Argentina in the 1970s with
people who were disappeared in plain sight. Hundreds and hundreds journalists, politicians,
priests, you name it. And that's NDAA. I noticed since he did that, we're seeing more of it.
I guess they tell him it's legal to kill us now.
Right, so my fear is that that's what's happening here and we've got this complicit press, media.
I mean, there's a couple of small papers out there. As I mentioned, one in Sonora, the
Union Democrat, really went after Marshall.
They love it, yeah.
The other paper, the Calaveras Enterprise, I thought was as fair as they could possibly
be with limited resources. I mean, it's a 150-year-old paper that's struggling-
Well, so you can't officially say government might have killed him cuz government only
gives people little sweetie kisses at bed at night. But I mean, it's despicable. They
could do this to you or I.
Absolutely, and as you said, I got a couple of these threats myself and I always have
to look out for myself. And I have to say that Marshall did tell some of his friends
that he wasn't a paranoid person. But on occasion, he would mildly say, yeah, I always look behind
me. I gotta always worry about my safety.
And one of the things too is that some of the town, although Marshall's friends say
there's no way this man killed his two kids who he did everything for and himself. But
some people in the community obviously being tipped off by the police or putting the word
out.
And I'm reading from a posting on a local website out there. It says, if you're asked,
and this is to members of the press, you tell them that Phil Marshall was diagnosed as a
mentally ill person who got his hands on a gun.
So the establishment's putting out talking points now.
Absolutely, so the idea, Phil Marshall was not diagnosed in any sort. He did have a little
issue with depression some years ago, but the only thing he had been treated for with
any sort of medication recently was a bad knee. So, yeah, that-
Look, here's the bottom line. Look at the mobile executive being killed and within minutes
he's killed execution style and the police go, no, there's nothing suspicious, it's a
mugging.
Well, absolutely, and the fact is Marshall was a little different. After all he had written
these two books about 9-11. He had written this book about the CIA and DEA and out of
Lakefront Airport including. Well, one of his friends said that after Phil Marshall
went to work for Eastern and he switched from Eastern, after Frank Lorenzo took over Eastern,
Phil Marshall was the kind of person who would not work in a company where the new owner
was trying to kill off the union.
So we'll be right back, stay there.
You are listening to GCN.
60 seconds.
Visit GCNlive.com today.
Introducing Pro One, all of your filtration in one system portable on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing technology combined
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at mfallwarstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Waging war on corruption, Alex Jones on the GCN radio network.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network and now live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Wayne Madsen's our guest. I want to invite him back up today on the nightly news for
a commercial free 30 minute interview so we can really get into all this properly or tomorrow
whenever he can do it. Wayne, again, we've only got five minutes left. You've got the
floor. What other tidbits do you think are important for people to know?
Well the biggest one of all, Sean Payton was the coach of the New Orleans Saints. When
he was let go or suspended for rules violations, Phil Marshall was such a fan of the Saints
and Sean Payton. He personally hired planes to fly over Saints games and multiple stadium
venues trailing a banner that said free Sean Payton. Now the fact is that he would have
committed suicide and killed his two kids two days before the Super Bowl was held at
the Saints home field at the Superdome in New Orleans.
That alone made people say there's no way he did it. I'm not a big football fan, but
people who were football fans- They're absolutely into it.
There's no way he could have done this. Absolutely, but I mean look, he had a book out and I haven't
read the book, but I read about it. I read the synopsis, Saudi intelligence tied into
the globalist car law group, spot on what happened. And he had another book coming out.
They were scared of him. He knew secrets. And man, in the old days, they just kill you.
Now they kill your kids. And it just shows how degenerate the system is. Wayne, if they
keep killing people, you know this road goes two ways.
Absolutely, and I'm afraid that what we're going to see here, as I said, is the termination
with extreme prejudice that we saw our cronies in Latin America carrying out in the end of
17- Yeah, but how long are people going to put
up with that? Well, I mean, it's hard to say, but I got
to say people out in that little county out there are scared and mad. So they're both.
They're mad that this happened to their friend, Phil Marshall.
How long did you spend there? So they know they whacked him. And it's the kids, it's
whacking the kids. Yeah, I was there eight days. I was there
a little over a week and- Wow, so what percentage of the neighbors
and people you talk to know that they got those kids and blew their heads off?
Of those who knew Phil Marshall personally and worked with him, 100%. Of those who only
knew him through the children going to the high school, there's a lot more who believe
the official sheriff's department story. But that's, as I said, because the local media
has really, except in one case, the one Calaveras paper, the local media has really been saying
he was a cold blooded killer who snapped. Yeah, right.
Yeah. You know, I'm getting demonized at, let's
not exaggerate, 500% more than I've ever been demonized, Wayne. And I know you get demonized
and things and all the people that serve the system need to know something.
They're gonna take the pension funds everything very soon. We're gonna lose everything because
all of you complied with this evil and were such cowards.
Right. And I have to say that I was there on February 13th. That evening, someone broke
into Phil Marshall's house through the backsliding door and was looking for something. Somebody
is after something that he has. And I think whatever it is, it was so important, it was
worth killing him and his two kids for. Unbelievable. Listen, are you back in DC?
Yes, yes, I'm back. Well, you got good Skype, Wayne. I wanna get you back on the Nightly
News tonight. Okay, sounds good.
No, no, that's fine. He is scheduled for the Nightly News. You guys were one step ahead
of me. Okay, who's doing the Nightly News tonight? All right, good, Sha'Carri Jackson
too. I've got a special report I'm gonna do too.
Wayne, we only got 30 seconds left. I mean, this is really making me angry at the New
World Order, killing those kids. Yeah, the kids were really good kids. If they're
looking, if there was anything going on inside the family, I was told the older son, Alex
17, by kids he knew in high school, they said, look, this kid wore his emotions on his sleeve.
If there was anything going on inside the house, it would have been noticeable and nobody
noticed any change in behavior. So there again, we have these kids just being eliminated with
their father and the pet dog. And you get to demonize a father, a 9-11 truther and a
gun owner all at the same time. Wayne Madsen, we'll talk to you tonight.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your
arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for
intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new do it yourself home security system that is
completely wireless. Go to getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely
customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed.
Getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes
so there's no need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate,
you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home but SimpliSafe
will stand guard, protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again,
that's getsimplisafe.com. Alex Jones here with a very important announcement
for truth seekers. We've carried a lot of amazing films and books over the years on
the online video bookstore at infoawars.com. And out of all the titles we've carried, one
stands out because it is just so chillingly convincing. And that's Dreams from My Real
Father by Joel Gilbert, available at infoawars.com. This film exposes the fraud that Obama is
like nothing I've seen. If you wanna know who Obama's real daddy is, this is the film
for you. Don't forget, your purchase supports our broadcast and our growing media network.
You'll also find it infoawarshop.com, None Dare Call a Conspiracy by Gary Allen, the
book that woke me up. We're also carrying Behind the Green Mask, UN Agenda 21 by Rosa
Corey. This book is coffin nails to the globalist takeover. The Greater Good, the most professional
and up-to-date film I've ever seen exposing the scourge that is vaccines. These titles
and a lot more are all available at infoawarshop.com.
That's right. The turning away. You either fight the evil, and you're part of the solution,
or you submit to the evil. And what happens with corruption is people give into it, they
make excuses for it when it's small, and then it becomes bigger and bigger. And pretty soon,
it's taking over everything, but still, you're making excuses for it. Look at the mainstream
media and the way they're caught lying and deceiving and twisting. Look at what the police
will go along with. Look at what parents will go along with and teachers. Look at our culture,
bombarded with psychological warfare poison to turn us into a cross between a game show,
a gulag, and a casino.
It's Max Keiser who coined the term the casino gulag. But I would add to it, it's like a
game show casino gulag. And the dumbing down and the propaganda in every movie, every TV
show, whether it's the new Die Hard movie or now WWE, every night when it's on to a
record audience of 14, 15 million, Alex Jones is racist. And the Jack Swagger is a racist
and he loves Alex Jones.
That's running man level bizarreness. And the government murdering 9-11 truthers and
buying 2 billion bullets and launching drones and checkpoints. And now they're announcing
what we knew, massive tax increases, getting rid of pre-existing coverage, bankrupting
people, doubling the insurance premiums, giant payroll tax increases on poor, just like they've
done in Europe with austerity.
Criminals at every level of government and corporations encouraging each other to just
in mass attack us at every level to gain as much ground as they can get to break our will.
And you see the turning away. You see people building the wall, to use another Pink Floyd
analogy or allegory. And then the worms, the worms, they enter your brain and you just
stop caring.
You just give in, you just say, so many people get abused and they become abusers, I've noticed.
Whether it's financial or spiritual or cultural abuse, I always, if I got abused, I learned
how to fight back against it. If somebody did something wrong to me, I sure didn't go
to other people.
Like I've been robbed, I've been cheated, so I'll start cheating people. But that's
the prevailing false wisdom and it makes me sick. And there's no doubt, Max Keiser's prediction
has come true. He said that about three years ago, he said you would see the collapse accelerate
within three years. He's a former top stockbroker, inventor of the Hollywood Stock Exchange Virtual
Trading System.
It's the basis of what's used on most stock exchanges today. And he said about six months
ago, he said by April of next year, the collapse will be completely evident that it's accelerating.
And they're not gonna tell you there's a collapse, but there's currency crises. They're already
writing public and private pension funds. The consumer confidence is imploding. They're
going after people's 401Ks.
Obamacare has a 401K, 3.8% tax in it. And my dad's in healthcare management. He said,
this is designed to hurt poor people. He said, it's unbelievable how it's meant to get rid
of Medicare and Medicaid and then make you get insurance. And it doubles the first year
and then $5,000 a year, I mean, that's just devastating.
And it's so brutal to understand this tyranny. It's not just a tyranny that has tyranny to
be in power. You've had a lot of tyrannies like that and they're bad. This is a scientific
tyranny where they've decided to go all the way and just be so evil no one can overthrow
them.
And they call that the final revolution, Bertrand Russell and others. George Arwell, who was
part of the Fabian socialist and led into their group, real name Eric Blair. He wrote
about O'Brien, again, it's an allegory, torturing O'Brien, that's the symbol of the British
press, into submission. And saying, it doesn't matter, it's trampling and being trampled
on, a boot stomping on the human face.
You think gravity matters? We could create a parallel system to suspend gravity and have
people believe it. We are the priests of power. We want to tear everything apart because that's
what we like. The journey is the destination. And this is false mental illness being projected
onto us by unhappy, inbred, mentally ill aristocracy and the bureaucracies they've created that
are fully weaponized and fully turned over to darkness.
Now I've got some of the financial news here. I'm gonna mention some headlines and go to
Max Keiser at maxkeiser.com, TV and syndicated radio host. G20 Summit to Focus on Currency
War, Threat to Economy. These are the people, this is like the foxes having a meeting about
the hens that got killed last night.
So they can then act like the saviors and give you more solutions, more power for them.
Funds run low for health insurance and state high risk pools. The banks that own the insurance
companies wrote it. And again, it's so incredible that people are being raped by Obama who's
a puppet and they're thanking him for it because he's fighting the Tea Party racist.
Frustrated Madoff now second guessing his guilty plea, pointing out that everything
he does is what the mainstream banks do. Yeah, but you're a low level guy, buddy. They needed
somebody to go to jail. Central banks buy the most gold since 1964, as Keiser predicted.
Higher taxes puts the brakes on retail shopping, CNBC. See, of course, and again, I saw John
Paul DeGioria, who's a self-made billionaire, going Obama, when you raise taxes on, it's
gonna hurt the economy.
Why don't you wake up? Don't you care? Of course, he knows. This is scorched earth,
bankrupt us, bring us into submission, overrun us with illegals who'll work for nothing.
Not even bashing the illegals, they're part of the cold blooded tool. They've already
forced them off their land all over Mexico, made them go to Mexico City to live in hell,
to force them up here.
And then play us off against each other. And it just goes on and on. I bring you Max Keiser.
Max, we could be like Argentina, which is where we're going, or Greece. They'll still
tell us we left the recession four years ago. I want you to break down the latest news,
where we are on the DEATHCON clock here. Have we gone to the highest DEATHCON yet? Max Keiser.
Hey, Alex, great to be on with you, with your global audience of millions. Well, as you
know, seven months ago or so, I made a very aggressive prediction of a huge collapse by
April of this year.
So we've got two months left on that prediction. It's a very aggressive prediction. What we
have in the mix right now, we do have the currency wars. That has become a headline
that is splashed all over newspapers around the world. The various countries are trying
to debase their own currency.
They are in effect, it's a firing squad lined up in a circle.
It's a race to the bottom, exactly as Ross Perot warned us.
Yeah, and now at the G20 meeting, they all explained how this was a good thing because
they're just helping each other's export business. And it's not about a trade war and it won't
devolve into a hot war. But of course, that's false. The truth of the reality here is that
they're still allowing the Japanese yen to collapse more than any other currency because
it provides the cheapest source of funds for these governments to engage in buying each
other's sovereign debt.
Because since the collapse of 2007, 2008, since the Lehman Brothers collapsed, there
is one market that has been kept artificially afloat these past five years. And that is
the bond market and the sovereign bond market. And it's been kept afloat by things like quantitative
easing and by governments buying each other's bonds.
And that's the bubble you predicted will blow up by late April.
Right, this is the bubble that is yet to blow up and it'll be the most spectacular bubble.
Another development since we spoke last is that you've got two currencies that have been
identified as possibly the next two currencies to go down an Argentinian-like rabbit hole
of destruction. One is the Japanese yen for the reasons we just discussed. And now people
are talking about the British pound.
All right, Matt, your Skype is breaking up a bit. Start back over, you said the British
pound.
All right, how's this, better?
Yes, sir.
British pound, is this better?
Yes, sir.
All right, so the British pound was seen as a safe haven. But now with the euro doing
better, people are pulling out of the British pound. And you've got people like George Soros
and other hedge fund managers publicly saying they are now in full attack mode against the
British pound. And this means that the British pound's credit rating will be downgraded.
And what's gonna happen here in Britain and why we moved to Britain, because we knew this
was going to come, is they're gonna have to have a full-scale currency debasement or downgrading
a revaluation by 30 or 40%, which means that inflation will skyrocket here.
And it's already a huge problem, Alex, and here the big story the past week has been
about horse meat. They have discovered horse meat in all of the beef, meat products.
That's how they're trying to keep inflation down is debasing everything, turning the cigarettes
into sawdust and fake chocolate and synthetic gin, aka 1984.
Exactly, you also have a story about Maker's Mark whiskey, I guess it is in the US, has
been caught watering down their whiskey. But this is an inflation story, where you see
substitution for cheaper meats and then this gets horse meat for beef. And because the
agricultural industry can't keep prices down anymore, they've gone through the genetically
modified organism series of price deductions, they've gone through globalization and the
price deductions. But starting two or three years ago and starting post-crisis and starting
with that speculation that we've seen in agricultural commodities that led to the Arab Spring and
the revolution in Egypt, food prices and fuel prices, gas prices are now inescapably starting
to edge higher in ways that are out of control.
And it doesn't matter how much quantitative easing or any of these other programs are
in place, the wheels are coming off. I hear the music introducing the commercial, so I
guess we're segueing into a break, am I correct?
You're absolutely right, and you said it would happen in England, you said it would happen
with the currency market and with the bonds. And we're going to look at what's coming next
with Max Keiser straight ahead. I'm Alex Jones.
In the U.S., one in every 50 homes will have a break in this year. Burglars call it smash
and grab. Police call it robbery. We call it avoidable. We are fake TV, a simple electronic
device that can fool even professional burglars. Fake TV easily plugs into any outlet and simulates
the changing colors of a television. To a burglar, it looks like someone must be home
watching TV, so they'll likely move on to an easier target.
At only $34.95, fake TV costs less than a month of most alarm monitoring plants, and
it's perfect if you're traveling or away from home. Order your fake TV by calling 877-5-FAKE-TV
or go to faketv.com. That's 877-532-5388 or faketv.com. Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
It's an MRE smorgasbord at longlifefood.com. In 1983, Long Life Food Depot was one of the
first to sell MRE pouches to the public, and we're still selling them almost 30 years later.
Today, Long Life Food Depot has the world's most complete MRE online buffet, because MREs
are all we do. Tasty varieties of chicken, beef, salmon, and pasta entrees, plus sandwiches
and our easy to use pouches. Full moisture, long shelf life, and ready to eat hot or cold.
We sell by the pouch or case, so the choices are endless, and so are the graduated quantity
discounts. The more you buy, the more you save. Call 800-601-2833 or go to longlifefood.com
to join our email list for upcoming announcements, like the rollaway food pod, plus enjoy fast
and free shipping. Just call 800-601-2833 or visit longlifefood.com. Emergency preparedness,
emergency relief, longlifefood.com since 1983, sending real food to your real future.
Now there's an amazing new natural antibiotic every person must have. It sells a live silver
solution and it destroys over 650 hard to kill viruses, fungus, bacteria, and much more.
Sells a live silver solution, has no expiration date, is great for emergency kits and storage
shelters, and comes in 8 or 16 ounce bottles. Order today at 888-310-4367 or visit hempusa.org.
Hempusa.org, 100% chemical free super foods and unique health products.
Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered why banks, stockbrokers, investment advisors
won't talk about gold IRAs? They've been available since 1986, yet the financial industry won't
recognize the value of gold for your retirement. Gold is outperformed paper investments, yet
no word about IRAs. If you would like to have gold for your retirement, call 800-686-2237.
Don't get left behind by rising inflation and low returns, call 800-686-2237. Secure
your future and call 1-800-686-2237. You land in Buenos Aires, then a shuttle to Santa Rosa
where a nicely furnished cabin with all amenities, Wi-Fi, executive food and wine, and laundry
service awaits. After a good night's sleep, your adventure begins. You're on a golden
stag safari for big game. But it's not Africa, it's Argentina. One on one guided hunts for
water buffalo, huger, bighorn rams, wild boar, and the biggest stag deer in South America.
All gold medal quality, all the action you can handle. Land rovers, top rental guns with
scopes, all food, beverages, hunting guides, ground transportation included, and more,
all more affordable than you can imagine. The adventure of a lifetime starts at GoldenStagSafaris.com,
the big game hunting ranch, GoldenStagSafaris.com.
I was sitting in traffic, listening to the radio. George Strait was singing...
All right, Max Keiser is our guest for the balance of the hour, and I've got a bunch
of news items I want to go over with him. You've been over in Europe, you were over
in France, you've been over in Greece, doing live reporting. You're in England right now,
there with your radio show and TV show. All the details of that are at maxkeiser.com.
But Max, I mean, clearly governments are arming to the teeth everywhere. It's not just the
US government now buying 2 billion rounds of hollow point illegal for warfare under
Geneva Convention bullets, armored vehicles, drones launching. I mean, it's not just, hey,
we're gonna become authoritarian. It's like this is a party or something.
And it's the same thing in Europe. Just absolutely, the head of the IMF saying, six days a week
isn't enough work, more money Greeks, when she's exempt from the taxes under EU bureaucracy.
All the mega banks are exempt from taxes. I mean, but the general public is still so
mesmerized by the Gulag casino model, that the 20 or 30% of us that are awake, we're
being demonized. I mean, this is like the world going crazy.
This is more than just a corrupt establishment. Is it not the supine, servile, sycophantic
public begging to be absolutely financially and physically overrun and gang raped? Isn't
that only inviting the predators?
You now have a generation that is calm and doesn't understand what financial independence
is anymore. So you have an entire generation in America that has been dependent on the
government. So they've lost the memory of what being financially independent is all
about. And that's key. And that's what the people who want to continue to destroy the
system are banking on. They want to destroy the memory. They want to get rid of this.
My generation was the last generation, I think, that really had an appreciation for economic
and financial freedom. But now the current crop has lost touch completely. They don't
understand that they have it within their own means, according to the Constitution in
the United States, anyway, to be independent of the corporacy and the government. So they've
lost touch completely. So they've lost, how are they going to mount any kind of resistance?
They have no idea even what you're talking about anymore. It's become abstract because
this has been going on quite seriously for 20 years, quite with a heart attack. Now,
in Europe, of course, it's a different situation because it's a very government controlled
situation. In France, the government controls something like 65% of the economy. Here in
the UK, the government now is controlled just under 50% of the economy, 49.5%. It's creeping
up higher and higher.
And there's never enough because select corporations want that because the government then gives
them control. I just had an epiphany. Of course, this is in Wall-E and The Matrix and everywhere.
But we are devolving into proto-Matrix-like little blobs that watch TV all day and are
very, very physically weak and pathetic and mindless and IQs are dropping. And so for
large parts of people, it's scary to have a job or invent things or work. The government's
their mommy. They really believe it loves them. They're like Arrested Development half-wit
children who are proto-Matrix wireheads who will be inserted into the virtual reality.
They're ready to plug themselves in. They're ready to have the government wipe their butts.
Well, social networking is turning out to being a way to harness the population in a
Matrix-like fashion. So the social media networks are providing data. And you see this now being
captured by large corporations like IBM, International Business Machines, who are using what they
call big data to harness social networks to sell into these networks products that they
have figured out by using what they call predictive analysis.
So for example, two years ago, there was a culture trend called steampunk, which was
gathering force on the periphery of the culture. And IBM figured this out. And now they're
going to relaunch steampunk as a mainstream cultural phenomenon. But by then, they will
have kind of reinterpreted it and owned it and own the copyrights to it. And they will
capitalize on it and monetize it.
Sure, the NSA isn't really spying on terrorists. The globalists run those. They know what they're
doing. It's spying on what the new trend is, like strawberries. And I'm throwing out a
fake trend there. But just as an example, and now on YouTube and stuff, they're putting
you in your niche not to give you what you want. They're trying to put people in boxes
to then program those boxes.
They talk about predictive crime technology, which gets the headlines. But there's another
side to this, which is predictive marketing, using social networks to figure out where
you'll be when and what your mood will be and how susceptible you are to what type of
advertising message and how access you have to that's right. That's right. Google admits
they can now predict the future in mass movements and know where you're going to stop to eat
before you do.
In March, the empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing
a full selection of silver-based products. Our most popular silver-based products are
the 32-ounce nano silver solutions, our 2-ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well as
our all-natural silver soaps. Just released is our 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver
gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and leave the silver
at the surface. But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing
chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the
silver more effectively. Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver-based
products are best for you. That's www.silverlungs.com.
Your freedoms are on the line. The Second Amendment is in danger. How soon before your
freedoms are taken away? What can you not live without? What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns? Is it your home? No, it's food. It all boils down to the food supply.
Tyrannical governments control people by controlling their food supply. Don't be dependent. Be
self-sufficient. Don't wait for the government to feed you. Feed yourself. I can warn you,
but I can't feed you. Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from e Foods Direct.
It's the best long-term, storable food on the planet. Get the popular Mega Patriot Pack
free. A 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot, and fuel. Call 800-409-5633 or go
to efoodsdirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot Packs free with purchase.
Build your food supply, be in control, be self-sufficient, and be a patriot. Call 800-409-5633
or efoodsdirect.com slash Alex and get your free Patriot Pack today.
It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, moles, and fungus can inflict severe
damage in the human body. Fortunately, a new and vastly improved silver solution has been
developed. Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary, broad-spectrum, antibacterial, antiviral,
antifungal solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin. Supernatural
Silver is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers using a patented technology
that is highly effective against colds, flus, infections, food poisoning, and yeast in addition
to many other pathogens. Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe,
and is the number one choice of thousands of people for immune system support. Find
out how Supernatural Silver could change your life. Go to supernaturalsilver.com and use
the promo code healthy for 20% off. That's supernaturalsilver.com and like us on Facebook.
Raging war on corruption. It's Alex Jones coming to you live from the front lines of
the InfoWar.
All right, I want to get more into the economy with Max Keiser and open the phones up if
you have financial questions for him. I want to talk about why are central banks buying
so much gold while using the media to demonize it. That's all coming up. If you want to get
a question into Max Keiser, I'd love to hear from you. 800-259-9231. 800-259-9231. First
time callers, financial questions or other questions for Max Keiser.
Before we go back to Max, I want to get his take on this. About four or five months ago,
somebody had hung up homemade signs. They don't even say where, no photo, no proof,
no nothing. Somewhere in LA talking about victory against tyranny. And so they sent
me three different notices over $1,000 total.
No judge, no jury, saying you'll be arrested or have a civil lawsuit or bad credit if you
don't pay us. Now that's illegal when you don't have the authority or the statutory
power to just say you will pay us or we will arrest you. No arresting officer, no citation,
no nothing. We send them letters going, there is Obama. And we're gonna show this article
at Infowars.com cuz I wanna actually show people at Infowars.com.
That's why I had Paul Watson today actually add some examples into the article. You guys
can actually just punch up my screen if you'd like. And if you look here, it's people painted
hope on a wall. That's somebody's door that a tagger put President Obama on it. Now is
President Obama going to get bills for people that tag his bumper stickers or signs or his
face on walls or doorways or fences?
And the answer is no. I'll never forget about five, six years ago, a city of New Zealand
sent me a letter and said that I would be billed the next time someone spray painted
Infowars.com on a building. And they actually showed an old six, seven story building that
someone had sprayed Infowars on that was set to be demolished, they even admitted.
And it made the news that someone got up on the old building and sprayed Infowars.com.
I mean, that's just, they're afraid of you communicating. They're afraid of you getting
outside the matrix. They're afraid of real means they can't control, so it's the ultimate
evil. But again, we even we sell bumper stickers, there's a pledge on there that by buying these
you pledge to only post these in legal and lawful areas like your own property or give
them to friends and family.
But it's not my issue, but this wasn't even something we sold one of our stickers. They
don't even give a proof of what it is. It's something about victory, you are not alone.
We had a poster contest for victory symbols and to post it on your own property. So they
tell us you're going, you can go read the letters. You're going to be arrested or we're
going to sue you. And listen, they don't care. If they sue me and I sue them and win, which
I've talked to my lawyer, we could win, I mean, they're breaking a bunch of laws.
They don't care, they'll just use taxpayer money. And they wanna bankrupt California.
They wanna, see, they've got it set up where they can do whatever they want until they're
arrested. And Antonio Villaraigosa is a La Raza Hispanic clan member. I mean, just a
horrible person, and he doesn't care.
And so imagine Obama, I mean, imagine somebody put city of LA stickers up,.gov, would they
send themselves bills? And they won't respond to our letters. There's no judge, there's
no jury, there's no arrest, there's no nothing, there's no proof, there's no nothing. It's
just you will pay us money or.
Now if I sent letters out saying, you will pay me $1,000 or I will sue you and gave no
proof or reason, that's called extortion. And when government does it, it's even more
illegal. And I break it all down in the article. I'm gonna go to Max Keiser on this, but it
says, this is my comment.
This is a conscious fraud the city of Los Angeles knows full well that we are not liable
for someone else's activities. There's no due process, no evidence, no citation, nothing.
The city of Los Angeles is engaging in unconstitutional extortion using terroristic threats of civil
and criminal penalties and threatening our credit.
If we don't pay them more than $1,000 by simply searching the term Obama Street Art LA, you
can find hundreds of mural signs and other street art depicting Obama in a favorable
light. Under Los Angeles delusional legal control freak theories, I would add, Barack
Obama must immediately pay hundreds of dollars for each infraction.
Now, here's the deal. They'll probably claim this was illegal too cuz they're God and it's
our job to roll over and they burned down a house and say they didn't and that we're
gonna burn it down. Burn it, yeah, somebody say, burn that house down, burn him out. You
didn't hear that, you liver livid little long haired galoot.
Shut up and pay me the money. I'll sue you. I'll arrest you. I'll give you bad credit.
I mean, how much of this are we gonna put up with? I mean, it's just a bunch of burn
down that cabin. Hey, I saw you burn that down, Yosemite. You didn't see no such thing.
All right, I'm sorry, Max Geiser's holding, waiting. Here's their phone number for Antonio
Villaraigosa, the king, the Hispanic clan member of the south. Here is the phone number
for this guy.
And you should call him up at their godlike number and say so, I saw Obama signs on the
wall. You're gonna send him a bill and direct them to infoawards.com. Get their attention,
they're not God. 213-473-3231. Yes, go ahead, show a document, Kim, of that. There you go,
there's the number.
Request for service, just 800-996-CITY. Maybe you want a SWAT team to drop by and burn your
house down, you can call that number, like one of their other great people, Dorner. So
800-996-CITY or TDD, what does that mean? 213-473-3231. And you can call any of these
people, the president, the vice president, the president proteum, the commissioner, the
commissioner.
City of Los Angeles, the mayor, the mayor. I don't need courts, I don't need proof, I
don't need facts. I am the mighty Antonio Villaraigosa. Out of that corner, the population,
we don't need no stinging courts for them. Just send them bills and threaten them. I
am King. All right, I'm gonna go to Max Keiser. Ladies and gentlemen, I need your help. It's
invoice number, 201-2000-4913. Tell them you need help on that invoice number.
Ladies and gentlemen, they'll probably try to sue me over that. Fine, you wanna fight,
you got one. But most people get these threats and pay up. What if somebody went out and
put McDonald's stuff everywhere, they'd know it was a false flag. You could false flag
somebody with this. How we know Antonio Villaraigosa isn't the one doing it. Max Keiser, thank
you for joining us from maxkeiser.com.
What is your take on the arbitrariness of drones will just kill you if you want. We'll
secretly arrest you and torture you if you want. We'll have NATO over the military cuz
we want. Government just doing whatever it wants. What do you call that, Max Keiser?
Harassment, they are being harassed by the federal government. So you're on the harassing
of the week or the month. They're just gonna harass you, man.
Los Angeles, of course, is a one industry town. And that industry is the film industry.
So pick a film that's gonna open in a few months and start a grassroots campaign right
now why people should not go to that film as a way to hit LA where it hurts in the film
industry. If you're upset that Aaron Schwartz was killed, as his dad said, by Chris Dodd
of the MPAA murdered his kid.
If you're upset that the Hollywood industry has monopolized copyright and destroyed the
creative industries in America, pick a film that's gonna open in a few months and get
a grassroots campaign going right now so that that film does doodly squat in business as
a way to fight back this harassment from LA to Austin.
That's right, LA is long tentacle, slimy tentacle of the corrupt Los Angeles reaching into Texas
trying to get my money.
Yeah, so fight back. There's gotta be a film that's opening up in a few months and just
start reverse propaganda. They're harassing you, harass them. Just start talking about
why the film stinks, why nobody should go see it, why it's a scourge on society, and
see if you can't take-
Well, I did help out Machete and the Charlie Sheen TV show. I guess I do give my gifts
to Hollywood.
Well, now you gotta work in reverse, like kill it. You gotta kill one of these film
projects that's coming out in a few months.
Yeah, let's take down World War Z because it's an anti-human film about mowing down
humanity and how great we'll be when human life is reduced and how great Marxism is.
We've actually done a review of that. Let's take down World War Z.
Well, you did a great review on the Batman film where you predicted the event. What about
this Hunger Games film? This Hunger Games film's coming out. It's the most cynical film
I've seen in 20 years where they're just setting up kids to be gunned down for the amusement
of the cartel lobby in Hollywood. The people who are killing the kids in Hunger Games are
the executives in Hollywood.
Oh, that then puts the idea out that it's fun to go kill kids. They're actually-
That's right.
That's hyper subliminal, open subliminal programming.
That's right. Let's take it down. Let's make sure that film does no business. That's a
complete failure. Put those producers out of business.
Well, Hunger Games is the casino gulag system they wanna create, Max.
That's exactly right. So there's no reason why the people who support the cartel of copyrights,
who murdered Aaron Swartz by basically threatening him to put him in the gulag for 30 years for
refreshing his constitutionally guaranteed right to share copyrighted material under
fair use.
They killed him, as his dad said. There are two major industries in America that are tied
in with-
All right, I agree. I wanna shift gears with you, because I wanna go to-
And one is the copyright industry. These two industries are the frickin' frack of what's
destroying the economy in the US. We talk about bankers all the time. Let's talk about
them in Jetson. I agree, and listen, we can go into overdrive if you want, cuz it's always
interesting to have you here, but I wanna go to some calls.
But let me just ask you briefly. What do you make of the new homeland security targets
of pregnant women with little kids to be shot? They call it no more hesitation. That's up
at infowars.com, and the military training to quote, take out zombie hordes. And the
media goes, it's a joke.
No, it's the cover to practice mowing down human waves of Americans. The government is
training to kill us en masse. Do you think the bankers are gonna really be successful
with that?
Well, you know, they'll never wanna kill the fetuses. But I have a good idea, actually.
This is a good doofer for people who are anti-abortion and pro-guns. Give fetuses guns. This way,
if someone tries to abort them, they can shoot their way out of the womb.
All right, Max, that's actually a very interesting idea that you have there, doctor. Let's expand
on that seriously. The insane arms race of now 2 billion bullets they've bought, the
checkpoints on the highways now in Austin where I live. How much crazier will it get?
All this parading around, I don't see it actually intimidating the awake public.
I see it-
I said on your show two years ago when you were talking about inflation hedges. We talked
about gold, and we talked about whiskey, and we talked about bullets. Now, they're hoarding
all the bullets.
That's what you said. You said buy bullets, buy guns, you won't be able to get them.
Forget the guns, just the bullets. The bullets are a commodity. A gun without a bullet doesn't
do much good.
It's like a tractor without gas.
Right, so the bullets are always the weak spot in this whole theory, and they are hoarding
all of the bullets. The bullets will not be unavailable at Kmart or Walmart or anyone
else. They're hoarding all the bullets, but you can buy them as an individual bullet for
$50 or $100 per bullet on the black market. And of course, they'll be servicing the black
market. They plan to do the bullets what the Egyptian gulag casino operators did to the
price of wheat.
Man, it really is like a society run by the devil. I mean, I don't know how else to describe
this.
Just look at the economics of it, and that was always the weak spot in the US system.
They've got the cheap food. Everything is very cheap, cheap because they import from
slave labor in China. But the bullets, that was always gonna be a spot where if you let
too many of these things circulate, it would be potentially dangerous. So by hoarding all
the bullets, by buying billions of bullets, they're gonna make a black market in bullets.
I was about to say, the government's trying to buy them up to hoard them cuz they're scared
cuz of all their crimes. But also, I was about to say, but to also-
Black market in drugs, the black market in guns, fast and furious. They're gonna have
a black market in bullets. It's the same crooked insiders on Wall Street in Washington.
But that's what I was gonna say is that they're so out of control, Max, that by buying 2 billion
bullets to try to squeeze up the market, all they're doing is paying to have all the factories
size up to an even greater production level.
Well, I think that the factories will hit a wall and then they'll start to close down
because they're gonna, just like you have any bubble, you have a bullet bubble. When
the bullet bubble bursts, then you won't be able to buy bullets at any price because the
manufacturing is gonna tail off. Just like natural gas fracking in America, natural gas
fracking only lasts about five years.
They're scaling up to do all this fracking up and down across the coast to coast. Well,
fracking only lasts about five years. It's not like a well that you can tap for 50 or
60 years. That's gonna blow up in five or six years. It's a bond bubble. This is a bullet
bubble. The bullet bubble's gonna pop and if you don't, and the government's gonna have
all the bullets, you'll have a gun, but no bullets.
So you're gonna put a spitball in there. You're gonna have a spitball fight with your MAC-10
or TAC-9 or whatever you got.
I disagree with you. We've already gotten way more than we even need. I mean, it's an
armed camp now. I think the founders left that little time bomb for the New World Order.
I wanna take some calls here, Max, but what do you make of the report here? I'm trying
to dig it out. Central banks buy the most gold since 1964. And the source on that is
the New York Stock Exchange and the commodity and metals trading.
Yeah, they start doing that after, in 2009, there was a 40-year reversal where the central
banks became net buyers. They had been net sellers. And the reason why is because they
are all selling massive amounts of bonds to degrade their own currencies as part of the
currency war. They don't trust each other. So they are buying gold because they realize
that the bond bubble and currency bubbles are popping and the gold will once again resume
as being the world reserve currency as it has been before and will again. So the central
banks are buying gold.
Now, here's where things are gonna get interesting because right now, central banks are floating
money to buy bonds. They're also buying gold. But at some point, they're gonna switch. They're
going to print money to buy gold. And then you'll see a hyperbolic move in gold, but
it'll happen very quickly.
When do you expect that to happen?
Well I think my friend Jim Ricker, who I think is the smartest guy in the world when it comes
to gold and currencies, he predicts that when China comes out and announces that they have
4,000 tons of gold, right now they officially have 1,500. But we know that they've been
buying very aggressively for a number of years.
And they should have close to or over 4,000 tons of gold. Once China says, and it's known
that they have 4,000 tons of gold, which on a percentage to their reserves and their population
is critical, then you'll see panic buying in gold around the world. The central banks
will triple and quadruple their panic buying.
But they've probably already reached that. They've just been keeping it quiet per globalist
request.
I agree. So I think, as you know, that we could happen any day, a massive kind of trap
doors open beneath the bond market and gold prices skyrocket.
What's going to happen to places like Southern California when we really go into the depression?
Well price of gas goes higher and we saw when price of oil went to 147 a barrel, you had
people in the suburbs and the exurbs of California running out of gas and calling the police
and saying, what do I do? They didn't make the connection between empty gas tank and
no forward motion.
I love it.
That's how unprepared they are.
You're so helpless.
Yeah. So, so we know what's going to happen. It's not going to be pleasant.
You know, I don't mean to laugh evilly. It actually hurts me. But these gullible idiots
that love the government and love socialism, they just really are the dumbest people on
the planet.
Look, there's a percentage of the population that's not going to make it past this crisis
and we can't be too sentimental about it, but there's just a big piece of the, you know,
make your friends and, and do what you have to do. But a lot of the percentage of the
population is just not going to make it.
Yeah. Cause sucking your thumbs, I'm going to get you through what's coming. Oh man.
I just, it's, it's, it's folks. If you think things are crazy now, you ain't seen nothing
yet. We are.
Here's a good example. You were talking about being prepared and being laughed at and then
the hurricanes hit and the people who had actually had the canned food actually did
very well.
Stay there. Max calls coming up. Stay with us. Max Keiser.
Introducing pro one, all of your filtration in one system, portable on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing technology combined
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics, advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your pro pure with
a new pro one filter today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Don't throw away leftovers. Instead, throw all your leftovers, vegetable peels, eggshells,
coffee grounds, pizza crusts, and more into the Bokashi. If you love to garden and compost,
but don't like the hassle of turning a compost bin or the smell, then check out the EM Bokashi
food waste recycling system from Taraganics. Finally, a way to recycle all your food and
plant waste safely and effectively and stop using fertilizers. The EM Bokashi food waste
recycling system. Rather than decomposition, the Bokashi system uses fermentation to break
down waste, so it takes less time to create nutrient dense humus for crops or gardens
with no turning and no obnoxious odors. To learn more and order your Bokashi online,
visit taraganics.com and click on the orange button. That's taraganics.com, spelled T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X.com
or call 866-369-3678. That's 866-369-3678. Recycle all your food wastes in about six
weeks with the Bokashi food waste recycling system from taraganics.com. Taraganics, life's
getting better.
We all know that Berkey water purification systems are the most trusted name in water
filtration. As an authorized Berkey dealer for over six years and serving thousands of
satisfied customers, the Berkey guy offers amazing specials for Berkey water filtration
systems. The Berkey light systems include a set of self-sterilizing and re-cleanable
black purification elements that purify water by removing chlorine, pathogenic bacteria,
cysts and parasites to non-detectable levels and remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides
and pesticides. Order the Berkey light system today complete with two black Berkey elements
for only $231 and the Berkey guy will ship your order free of charge. With the purchase
of a Berkey light, the Berkey guy is also offering a set of fluoride and arsenic filters
for only $39.99. That's over 30% off the retail price. Call the Berkey guy at 1-877-886-3653.
That's 1-877-886-3653 or order online at GoBerkey.com. That's GoBerkey.com today.
You know, this hour is brought to you by the Squatty Putty. It's actually not one of my
sponsors but Max Keiser is in there and now you're not going to get any serious news out
of him because you're in the Squatty Putty ad. So ridiculous. Anyways, I find myself
laughing more and more because stuff's getting so crazy and now I realize I've been right
about almost everything and it's going to get as bad as I think it's going to get and
the general public still has no idea. I said we'd take a few calls here in just this short
segment and a little bit of overdrive because he's got to go give some nighttime speech.
He's doing stand-up now if he's not joking. Are you seriously going to do a stand-up speech
tonight in London or are you really going to secretly be in there using a Squatty Putty?
Look, I'm combining the Squatty Putty with my own compost-generating mechanism. You got
to get both. It's a combo deal. You make your own compost with your Squatty Putty and this
is how to be sustainable. This is what the truth. Al Gore probably has a Squatty Putty.
That's enough. Let's go to Joe in Florida. Joe, you're on the air with the inventor of
the Squatty Putty. Go ahead. Yeah. Are you there? Yes, sir. We're on Squatty Putty, both
of us. I'm going to stop now. Yes, you're on the air with Max Keiser. Go ahead. I want
to thank you for the saggedy Sam cheer up. I'm glad to hear you're cheering up, Alex.
It's great to talk to you. Hey, the whole world's going to hell in a handbasket. Yeah!
And Obama raised taxes on the poor people because he loves them. Yeah! Nice guy. I'm
sorry. Well, I can eat my peas. You know, I wanted to talk about the gun manufacturing
across the world globally and what I wanted to talk about-
Well, go quick because we're almost out of time. I mean, you had a question for Max Keiser?
Yeah, you gave me a question. On the industrial aspects of the firearms and all these names
like Remington who say America's oldest gun maker and now they're actually made all across
the world like Belgium and Turkey and we're supposed to go to Gander Mountain and support
places like China and Russia. America's oldest gun maker like Remington. Are you kidding
me? Really? No, I hear you. Listen, I appreciate your call, Joe, but I don't-
New caller, new caller, new caller. I appreciate it, Joe, but I don't get the question for
Max Keiser. New caller, no question. New caller. Dump
them, dump them, new line, new car. All right, let's go to Mark in Canada. You're
on there with Max Keiser, also known as the obnoxious one.
What's going to be a question, Mark? Are we going to come after you at the Squatty Potty?
I live up in Dunster, BC, and I watch you all the time on RT and as well on press TV
through a satellite called the Frida Air System. Yes, sir, Mr. Squatty Potty, do you have a
question for Max Keiser? I do.
I think he's trying to say that he likes my show best, better than any other show.
That's right, that's what it is. That's a good point, and I'd like to emphasize
that point. Let's get serious.
It is the best show in the world. When he heard that ad, folks, Max is a funny
guy. It was over at that point. Now he's gone into after work mode. I guess it is late over
there in England. Caller, you got a question for Max, because it's past his bedtime.
Yeah, I wanted to talk about silver. And the movement that I've been doing in my life is,
of course, rather than being paid in debt, which would be paper. I like to be paid in
silver. Of course, I've had to remove myself from the social insurance system, but I think
wouldn't that be a real good resolution to the system, rather than everyone being-
I agree. Alternate currencies, get out of the paper as much as you can. Get out of the
system. Max Keiser, how do we bring down the globalist?
I believe, and I've been talking to silver miners and gold miners, they could be a huge
amount of plus to the global economy and everyone if they started paying dividends in bullion.
So if you bought Goldcorp or Endeavor Silver, which is a Canadian company, instead of getting
a dollar every quarter in cash, you got the equivalent in bullion. That would take those
stocks higher. It would move money into that sector. It would recognize gold and silver
as a currency, and I've been lobbying behind the scenes for this to happen, but they haven't
done it yet. They should.
All right, infoawards.com, prisonbundit.tv, maxkeiser.com. Follow him at twitter at maxkeiser
and me at realalexjones.
Goodbye.
Thank you for listening to GCN. Visit GCNlive.com today.
