Waging war on corruption.
It's Alex Jones coming to you live from the front lines of the Infowar.
It's Sunday, March 17th, 2013.
I am your host Alex Jones and we're going to be live here for the next two hours as
we are every Sunday, 4 to 6 p.m. Central Standard Time blasting out on the AM and FM dial and
of course simulcasting with audio and video streams at prisonplanet.tv, infowars.com and
prisonplanet.com.
All right, my friends, where to start here?
I remember last year, there were reports that the EU was discussing the European Commission
taking over the private bank accounts of Greece and just exercising a large portion of the
money directly out of the bank account after tax money, before tax money, didn't matter.
And that caused bank runs, not just in Greece, but all over from Germany to Spain.
Now they did propose it, it did cause runs, then they came out and denied it.
They have begun to freeze the bank accounts in Cyprus and move in that Mediterranean nation
that a lot of Brits live in, it's kind of like a bedroom community of England.
They are moving to seize and in some reports are now seizing upwards of 10%.
Some people are having 7%, others are having 10% directly taken out of their bank account.
In fact, visitors, it says British military personnel and government personnel, to give
me an example, Prince Philip is from Cyprus, the Queen of England's husband.
So for a long time, it was a British held area, especially Britain, or part of the UK,
and they're saying they're gonna have their money taken.
So it's becoming a big deal, and this dovetails into all the preparations we're seeing with
governments worldwide to engage in similar activities.
So we're gonna be breaking that down and tying it into the engineered financial meltdown
worldwide.
Here's another one from the tap website and has direct links to the press releases that
have been put out by PepsiCo.
You know, PepsiCo has been caught with things like bromine or brominated things in their
different drinks.
And of course, two years ago, it came out and I didn't believe it until I went and looked
at the news and found out it was true.
A caller called in and said, Pepsi's putting fetal tissue in their flavor enhancers.
And I said, come on, come on, don't call it, make it stuff up like that.
Search engine did, and it was true and they had big shareholder fights over it.
And then Obama did some federal order to block it being released, what they were doing with
the baby parts.
And then they said, well, we promised to start, but then the news in the last few months was
they're just making it secret, kind of like they're moving right now to make aspartame
not be labeled.
It's on record to give you type 2 diabetes and brain cancer and everything else.
Now they wanna put it in everything and not even have it labeled.
All the time I say, hey, to friends and family, that's sugar gum you're chewing, it's got
aspartame in it.
No, it doesn't have sugar gum.
I go, read the back, it does have it.
Yeah, type 2 diabetes, both the sugar mints, you name it, the sweetened stuff.
Well, now they just call it additives, secret ingredients.
And so we've got a report on that and we don't know what's in it because Pepsi replaces sugar
with mystery ingredient.
It could be aspartame, we don't know.
So this is the new age of tyranny where you're like, okay, I'm gonna start reading the label.
Well, you know what?
We're just not gonna tell you what's in it.
It's kind of like Jim Jones, he had really hundreds and hundreds of Kool-Aid drinking
drills.
They never tell them if it had the cyanide in it or not, but we're gonna be looking at
that.
Big Second Amendment news coming up as well, very, very important broadcast lined up today
and the incredible unprecedented attack on reporters and free speech, not just here but
all over the world.
We have a special report on that front straight ahead.
I am Alex Jones, your host, and we've got the best crew in radio and TV right behind
that glass.
Thank you
or shed, getsimplysafe.com.
SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy
to install yourself in under 20 minutes,
so there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate,
you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home,
but SimpliSafe will stand guard,
protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's getsimplysafe.com.
We are on the march.
The empire is on the run.
Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
It is Sunday, the 17th day, hard to believe time
is really moving that fast, of March, 2013.
And we are going to be live here for the next two hours,
as we are every single Sunday from 4 to 6 p.m.
Central Standard Time and back weekdays,
11 a.m. Central Time, the three-hour weekday transmission.
Any news websites are infowars.com,
prisonplanet.com is the auxiliary backup mirror
that has a lot of exclusive news on it as well,
but a general mirror.
And then we stream video at infowarsnews.com
and prisonplanet.tv,
if you'd like to see the TV version of the radio show
that's simulcast and the nightly news weeknights,
seven o'clock Central.
Okay, wow, where to start?
I knew this was coming,
but it is certainly gotten here a lot quicker.
And the meltdown of the Euro is accelerating.
The head of the Bundesbank,
that's the most important bank in Europe,
because Germany is the engine of the EU,
has said that it would have to be an act of God.
He said, technically, to be exact,
he said Jesus Christ would have to intervene.
That's in all the major German papers and British papers.
We're gonna go over that here on the radio.
For the Euro not to collapse.
Now, the Euro was established,
as heads of the Euro have bragged,
to take over national sovereignty
and to implode those countries under economic dominance,
and then to implode the world economy
and have the Euro be the heart of that new bankrupted system
and to come out with the new strategic drawing reserves,
global digital currency.
You'll still have your regional currencies,
but they will be denominated and backed
in the new super fiat currency.
So we have that report coming up today
and happening again even quicker than I thought it would.
Cyprus depositor haircut bailout turns into saver panic,
frozen assets, bank runs, broken ATMs.
The announcement was made by the European Union on Friday,
that's the unelected bureaucracy.
The announcement was made that they were going to take 10%
out of everyone in the Mediterranean nation
of Cyprus' bank accounts, including foreigners,
the BBC is reporting, who have bank accounts in Cyprus.
And they admit it is a private bailout
for the European Union private central banks
that the Federal Reserve gives $85 billion a month
of US taxpayer money.
That's what QE Unlimited was.
QE3 is QE Unlimited.
Remember hearing that?
About six months ago, Bernanke announced QE Infinity,
QE Unlimited, $85 billion that we have to pay interest on.
You give it to the bankers, the private shareholders
of the Federal Reserve, mainly European banks,
but they're really offshore banks.
They're above the laws.
They're above taxation.
General Electric's part of it, $108 billion profit last year,
offshore alone, none of that money coming back tax-free.
And then General Electric lobbies to raise people making
over $125,000 a year's taxes to transfer that to themselves
in corporate bailouts and government bailouts.
See, it's the mega-rich waging war against everybody else,
fooling the unwashed masses into thinking that wealth itself is
a crime and that if they destroy wealth,
they will somehow get money.
Now, if you go to infowars.com, you
can see a special report, a video
that I filed this morning breaking this down
and going over some of the background.
And we can punch that up on screen for TV viewers.
Special report, EU steals nation's private bank accounts,
starts EU-wide bank runs.
Now, that's my headline.
I can show you again here from the Daily Mail.
Osborne vows to protect Britain's armed forces
in Cyprus as cash machines are emptied
and 60,000 British savers face losing 10% in bank accounts,
10% out of their bank accounts.
That's just some of the headlines
that we have dealing with all of this.
Here's another one.
ATM's drained as bailout tax triggers run on banks.
That's the Australian newspaper, The Edge.
The UK party, UK Independence Party,
is denied as O'Farr Hodge, fastest growing party
in England, who's been on this frequently.
He has predicted all of this, so now their party
is just winning elections everywhere,
including in the EU elections.
And the so-called Conservative Party
and the Prime Minister of England is totally freaking out,
saying do not join their party or it'll basically
bring down England.
See, being right has a lot of power attached to it.
Let's continue here.
Here's Business Insider.
Only Jesus can save the Euro zones
as the head of the Deutsche Bank.
We're going to be getting into that report.
But again, it was designed from the beginning to implode.
So the announcement was made Friday afternoon by the EU.
Now, the EU has a parliament that Nigel Farage
is a UK member of.
But as he's pointed out, 80 plus percent of British laws
or UK laws now get made not by the parliament.
They just get to vote.
And then that's a recommendation to the EU bureaucracy
that's exempt from taxes.
You just heard me right, just like our Congress exempts
themselves from Obamacare and insider trading laws.
And of course, that's illegal to pass a law saying
you can do something illegal.
It's unconstitutional.
They should all be arrested that vote for that.
Still, they don't even pay their own taxes.
Remember when the head of the IMF
that's part of the EU bureaucracy,
what is it, Legrand, how do you pronounce her name?
The blonde.
She came out and said, oh, the people in the euro
aren't working enough.
We want six or seven days a week,
and we want you to pay more.
And they have these new excise taxes over Greece and Spain
and Italy that are, in some cases,
20% on top of other VAT taxes and the rest of it.
And it's just shutting the economies down,
which is the plan.
People say, well, when you raise taxes that much,
it kills tax receipts.
Don't they know?
Boy, they're stupid.
No, they're not stupid.
They're on record bragging that they
work for the IMF and World Bank that are just front groups,
like the Federal Reserve for Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan,
and a handful of other globalists.
And they're raiding these countries,
driving down the value of everything
and buying it up for pennies on the dollar.
This is economic warfare.
And they plan, they've already done some of it here,
but they plan to do it here.
So let me ask you this question.
You notice Bank of America a few years ago got in big trouble
because they wanted to take $5 out of all debit card
or bank card transactions with your money,
not enough to pay $3, $4 to get cash out.
Now they're going to charge you all these fees, $5 every time
to use your own card, while pressuring
you to get out of cash.
Once they get you on a cashless society,
then they can put all the fines, all the fees they want on.
And countries like Finland that are
the model of this progressive socialism that
leads to communism for more than 15 years.
I first learned about this from an engineer for a computer
company that works for a major company.
He worked for IBM, who'd been over in Finland the year
before, and working on their computer systems.
He said, Alex, did you know everyone there
has a national ID card that has your bank account, that
has everything on it, and they just take money out
whenever they want, arbitrarily?
And as you know, that's the model.
And he was working at IBM.
So he was over there helping set it up EU-wide.
He said, you've got to come on the air and talk about this.
He said, no, I'm not allowed to because of confidentiality
agreements working for IBM.
But he said, just go look it up.
And I went and looked it up, and sure enough,
found a couple articles.
But it should be huge news.
See, it's not that a cashless society would be bad.
It'd be great, except global criminals run it.
And they're going to, other than to hide,
they don't care if you have nothing to hide.
They want to bankrupt you.
Because they're all offshore, exempt from it.
I mean, if they kill a million Iraqis to get oil and power,
which they did, a million died since the invasion.
British Medical Journal did the breakdown
with British government data.
What will they do to you to have power and control?
It's called scorched earth.
So it's already begun.
It's the beginning of the meltdown of the euro by design.
We'll break it down when we come back.
Stay with us.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms
are being threatened every day.
If you're listening, you know the economy
is not getting better.
You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared.
For years, we've told you about our friends at e Foods Direct.
They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food
on the planet.
This food will taste just as great 25 years from now
as it does tonight.
A long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost
and the availability of food.
Freeze the cost and the availability
of the one thing you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from e Foods Direct.
Right now is the best time to stock up and save
hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies.
Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared.
Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com
slash alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to efoodsdirect.com slash alex.
You can bet your life on e Foods Direct.
Now that we have moved into the winter season,
there is an increased need to support our immunity
and health.
At Silver Lungs, we are committed
to meeting your needs by providing a full selection
of silver-based products.
Our most popular silver-based products
are the 32-ounce nano silver solutions.
Our 2-ounce nano silver nasal applicators,
as well as our all-natural silver soaps.
Just released is our 100% natural silver gel.
Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents,
which quickly evaporate and leave the silver
at the surface.
But rather, we have formulated our silver gel
using the natural skin nourishing chemistry
of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish
the skin while delivering the silver more effectively.
Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page
to find what silver-based products are best for you.
That's www.silverlungs.com.
Introducing Pro One.
All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go.
No more do you have two or three filters
to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride
and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid,
advanced manufacturing technology,
combines silver impregnated white ceramic
with new Aquamedics advanced media
for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals,
all in one filter element.
It is the only one that does it, and out of the gates,
we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit
helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides,
chloramines, ammonia, and chlorine.
Hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form
of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands,
and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro Pure with the new Pro One filters today
at infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods,
hurricanes, or the threat of martial law
have highlighted the need for Americans
to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons.
But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones
becomes ill?
Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool
to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic
that is uniquely effective against bacteria, viruses,
molds, and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically,
it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses
and a long-term shelf life, making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology
can help you be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com.
Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order
and like us on Facebook.
Coast to Coast, direct from Austin.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
Crashing through the lies and disinformation,
it's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
So we've all been told over and over again
that the mega global international banks,
the groups lobbying for UN treaties to take our guns,
the groups lobbying for larger private companies
to take our guns, the groups lobbying
for larger private prisons, the groups lobbying
for hundreds of different things to destroy societies
and make us as weak as possible.
They are waging war against us.
They are carrying out Agenda 21, which is stated UN policy
to create a post-industrial world
for the general population of the planet.
And two articles that back this up,
Mexico bans large cash transactions.
Yeah, even a couple hundred dollars.
That's to track everybody and control everybody.
Two years ago, insane ban on cash transactions in Louisiana
on any secondhand items effectively banning
the underground economy like swap meets and farmers markets.
And this is happening all over the world.
And imagine being in Cyprus, and this is now being announced.
The EU is officially announcing.
We have the Daily Mail, we have the BBC,
we have all the articles linked up at info.wars.com
for radio listeners.
And you can go there and see them announcing
that they seized the bank accounts.
They froze bank accounts system-wide Friday evening.
People can't even get into them.
And the word is on Monday, the EU's announced 10%
will be taken out.
And they say they may start taking more.
So how do you like too big to fail?
You see, if you were Bernie Madoff's only problem
was stealing $100 billion and stealing it
from other elitists that invested with him.
He kind of ripped off the robber baron class,
the kind of insider Wall Street class,
with Ponzi schemes beyond Ponzi schemes.
Now, if he would have been MF Global and John Corzine,
the head of MF Global, of course,
previously been the head of Goldman Sachs,
the very top of the pyramid, $40 billion
just came up missing.
$2 billion of it, private people's bank accounts
in a gold company, a gold broker company
that they had taken over.
And by the way, they'd done that a year before.
No one, because we've interviewed victims of it,
and it came out in the press a few years ago.
I mean, most of you know about it.
Even if you're hiding under a rock,
that was big financial news, that,
oh, we took your private sequestered accounts.
So this is the type of stuff going on.
And that's the problem with the cashless system.
Cashless society, if Jesus was running it,
it wouldn't be a problem.
But see, when corrupt devils have full control over you,
and you have no privacy, but they have total privacy,
that's called tyranny.
When the government has total secrecy,
and you have no secrecy, that's called tyranny.
When we have total secrecy,
and the government has no secrecy, that's called liberty.
When the government fears the people, that's called liberty.
When the people fear the government, it's called tyranny.
And by the way, pull this up from Reuters for folks.
I mean, it was all over the place,
but they'll like seeing it in Reuters.
Intelligence agencies given access
to all Americans' financial information.
Remember Richard Nixon was gonna go to jail
till he resigned for having IRS files?
He wasn't supposed to have that.
Well, he's the president.
He's a dictator.
He's our daddy, like Chris Rock said, of Obama.
No, he wasn't.
The president can't molest children.
The president can't rob banks.
At least they could in the past,
but now they're the president.
Yeah, there it is, exclusive.
US plans to let spy agencies scour American finances.
Now, it came out because of leaks
of Obama's cybersecurity order
that if you actually typed it in,
MSNBC or CNBC got it right.
Go back with that search to just Google or startpage.com
and type in the same headline,
but click on the first article from four days ago
and send it to that new one out of Reuters.
It's actually spy agencies have been scouring your data.
See, oh yeah, for years.
It's a felony every time they do it.
Now they're spinning it.
Oh, they're about to get access to stop Al-Qaeda, of course,
which the government's put in charge in Libya,
Syria, and Afghanistan,
and now it's coming out that the government runs Al-Qaeda.
I heard three shows, I think it was Wednesday of this week,
local radio, just surfing the talk radio,
one out of San Antonio, two out of Austin,
talking about the government running Taliban and Al-Qaeda,
talking about how they use it to take our liberties
and how they wind up radical terrorists.
It isn't that the government does all the attacks.
Let me explain this.
Criminal elements in government and mega corporations
finance and fund them.
So, and the low level jihadi doesn't even know that,
but it keeps coming out at the highest level
the Al-Qaeda commanders work for,
CIA, private corporations, MI6, MI5, Shin Bet, Mossad.
The French intelligence has been caught, of course you do.
Every time a French president gets caught
with some hooker or something,
there's a terror attack or a threat of one.
I mean, Clinton even got caught
missiling aspirin factories in Africa
when it got proven he was lying about Monica Lewinsky.
And then news came out of him raping women,
and then he paid them off, and boom, missile attacks.
Missiles, this is what they do.
Governor Ridge two years ago, I guess he has a conscience,
former head of Homeland Security,
first head of Homeland Security, wrote a book and said,
I didn't like being ordered to issue fake terror alerts
every time the Bush administration
had some embarrassing news.
Look, whether terrorism's all real or not,
most of it's fake, we know that,
don't give into it.
Say, fine, I don't want security on planes.
Let something happen one out of a million.
I'd rather have that than live in a giant prison
where the government that's so big it can protect everybody,
well, it's gonna go ahead and enslave you.
Kind of like, hey, isn't this chip in my arm great?
I can buy and sell with it, can't lose it.
And they know everywhere you go, everything you do,
and you're like, well, I don't have nothing to hide.
Well, it's not that you are bad,
so you're showing how good you are.
It's kind of like, I'm not gonna lock my doors
because I'm not a bad person.
You don't lock your doors because you're a bad person.
You lock your doors, I know this is elementary,
but not for some people.
You don't lock your doors to protect yourself from yourself.
You lock your doors to protect yourself from other people.
You don't protect your data
because you have something to hide.
You know, I get in bed with my wife sometimes, you know,
to have male-female relations,
and you know, we lower the blinds.
You know, put a movie on for the kids downstairs.
I mean, it's like, what do I have to hide?
Well, I just like to be private.
You know, my bathroom, I got a bathroom door.
I close the door when I go to the bathroom.
In fact, here at the office, they automatically close.
Maybe the windows should be open
to prove I'm not doing something bad in there.
You know, I mean, they sat all over the country.
We need to inspect your backyard gardens.
You might be groving something illegal.
Oh, that makes a lot of sense.
I mean, they're treating us like total criminals,
and now they're treating us like criminals.
They're treating us like total criminals,
and now they're taking everybody's bank accounts in Cyprus
and taking 10% off the top,
and they've put federal regulations in here
six years ago to take your pension funds,
public and private, and quote,
guard them for government purposes.
They've had Senate hearings in the last few years,
you know, that they've gotten wide coverage,
where they're talking about taking 10% off your account
when the government takes it over to manage it.
Isn't that nice?
This is after-tax money.
Tax is on over and over and over again.
Folks, we're being robbed.
They knew Obamacare would bankrupt healthcare.
They knew it would double premiums the first year.
They knew that this all came out.
They want to bankrupt it,
and I've been saying this for 17 years
because I saw the globalist do this
in third-world countries,
and then nine years ago in 2002,
the IMF World Bank plans got leaked
when Joseph Stichlitz left the World Bank.
He says he didn't do it.
Yeah, right.
The Nobel Prize winner had him on like five times,
and it came out that they're planning
an implosion here by design,
in Europe and here the exact plan.
It's in my book, Descent into Tyranny,
now an e-book at prisonplanet.tv.
We're going to come back with the attack now
on the First Amendment.
They're not going to just take the guns.
They're going to take everything,
your money, everything.
If you're listening,
you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day.
If you're listening,
you know the economy is not getting better.
You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared.
For years, we've told you about our friends
at eFoods Direct.
They have the best tasting,
long-term, storable food on the planet.
This food will taste just as great 25 years from now
as it does tonight.
A long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost
and the availability of the one thing you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from eFoods Direct.
Right now is the best time to stock up
and save hundreds of dollars
with free shipping on all food supplies.
Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared.
Act now and call 800-409-5633
or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time.
Call 800-409-5633
or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system,
then you're missing a critical weapon
in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home,
who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe.
It's a new do-it-yourself home security system
that is completely wireless.
Go to getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power,
so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable,
so you can use it in your home, business,
boat, trailer, storage unit, or shed.
Getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy
to install yourself in under 20 minutes,
so there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate,
you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home,
but SimpliSafe will stand guard,
protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
Introducing Pro1, all of your filtration in one system,
portable, on the go.
No more do you have two or three filters
to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride
and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid.
Advanced manufacturing technology
combines silver-impregnated white ceramic
with new Aquamedics advanced media
for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals,
all in one filter element.
It is the only one that does it, and out of the gates,
we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code WATER.
This is the only system that in one unit
helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid,
the most common form of fluoride
not covered by other fluoride filter brands,
and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro Pure with the new Pro1 filters today
at infowarstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
If you want an American company
with American products made by Americans,
here is the Cal-Bend Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used
these Pure Soap products for years.
These all-natural soaps are made
from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth-friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one- to two-month sample package
and enjoy soaps that are twice as good
as what you're using now, or save big
with a one- to two-year supply of soaps
for all your cleaning needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars
and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Coast to Coast, direct from Austin.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
["The
We now take you live to the Central Texas Command Center
and the heart of the resistance.
Rallying patriots worldwide.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Show.
We now take you live to the Central Texas Command Center
and the heart of the resistance.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Show.
That's right, and here is a nine-minute report
that Aaron Dykes filed dealing with the fact
that the media freaks out whenever members of the press
get detained for filming overseas and call it a police state.
But here in America, I mean, this is the tip of the iceberg,
how much my crew and other crews have been harassed
filming on city streets, you name it, all over this country.
And it shows the power structure.
It wants to intimidate the press, and it's despicable,
and it needs to stop.
Here's that report.
Aaron Dykes here for Infowars.com.
Now, it's all over the media
how a Sky News reporter in China was detained by police
because they were filming at the Tiananmen Square,
and they were talking about the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests.
Not very well.
We're trying to be detained by the Beijing police.
That's when police approached them and put them on a bus.
They stopped us because of one word, I think it was.
We were talking about the 1989 protests.
They didn't like that they stopped us,
and so now we're reporting to the police station.
And then later told them
they weren't authorized to do their media work.
By the media policies in China,
and if you'd like to go on with your media work,
you need to get the permissions.
As an Infowars reporter for more than seven years,
I've been all over the country filming B-roll,
filming protests, doing interviews for Alex,
and I've encountered this over and over again.
Especially in cities like Washington, D.C.,
where we're told that you can't film in public
even though there's a clear First Amendment.
How you doing, guys?
How you doing?
Can I take a look at your film permit real quick?
Sorry?
Your film permit?
Yeah, it's called the First Amendment.
Hey, how you doing?
Hey, how are you?
Can you take the camera off, please?
Is that related?
Okay.
Is there a problem?
Yes.
Thanks.
Do you have a driver's license on you?
Well, sir, like I said,
there's a sign right here that states,
no electrical equipment, no video camera, no filming.
Okay, they got three cop cars on us.
They're not letting us leave.
They're taking some shots, man.
Well, is there a law or...
I mean...
You can't, you can't film in the building.
You need to go through public affairs.
No, I was just getting some material shots.
No, you need to go through public affairs
where you can videotape or take pictures.
Of any federal building.
They won't film me.
They might be looking for me in a wreck, man.
I killed one today.
I didn't kill one today.
I killed this one.
Do you folks have a permit to film here?
We do not.
We don't, but we're just about done.
In Kansas City, we were approached by security guards
who said they had been contacted by the Federal Reserve Bank,
which was more than 200 yards across the street
while we were filming from inside a World War I memorial.
And they tried to force us to identify ourself
and then to leave under duress of being threatened with arrest.
The Federal Bank is concerned about you guys
taking video of their building.
They just want to make sure to leave
when you're back to them.
I'm sorry?
We were just seeing who you were and what you're doing.
What's your name?
My name's Aaron.
Okay.
Hey, Arwin.
You're fine.
We're just checking out this memorial.
Not doing anything wrong, okay?
What's your last name, sir?
I'm not going to give you my last name.
I'm not going to give you my last name.
You guys can leave right now.
Come on, guys. Let's go.
Now, why do I have to leave?
Because you're with him.
Where's the property at?
The whole park.
Well, if he gave his name, then he doesn't have to leave.
He did give his name, but he's kind of guilt by association.
You guys can go ahead and go.
What is guilt by association?
Sir, we're not going to answer any more questions.
You can go to jail or you can leave.
Are you a police officer, sir?
We do have arrest powers.
Do you want to go to jail?
Am I under arrest?
No, you're not under arrest.
Not yet.
You need to leave.
You're encroaching on our First Amendment right.
No, we are not.
Why not?
Is this public property?
We have a right.
Go ahead and go.
Now.
Then at the Texas Capitol, I was approached by an aggressive officer who didn't like the
fact that I was filming and tried to force me to identify myself and detain me until
he talked with his superiors.
Can you talk to me?
Yeah.
Who are you?
You did.
Huh?
Let me see your ID.
You don't have an ID?
No.
Let me see your driver's license.
Peace officer, sir.
I'm a state police and point the camera some other direction.
Don't touch my camera.
ID, sir.
Show me your ID, please.
Why?
Suspicious person, how's that?
Let me see your ID, please, sir.
It happens at airports.
Even though TSA's own policy admits that people have the right to film their encounters,
we're told over and over again that we can't film TSA and that we don't have a right to
report on what's happening inside airports in clear violation of the First Amendment
and common law.
I want to sell this.
Okay.
You can't do that, sir.
It says on the website we can't.
The website says we can't.
Sir?
Sir, the First Amendment says we don't need permission.
Yes, you do.
It's the First Amendment.
Sir, do you write the Constitution?
Alex Jones encountered this in 2004, as you've seen in his film Martial Law, where thousands
and thousands of protesters are arrested for no reason and journalists are intimidated
again and again by police and told they don't have permission to film on the city streets
of New York.
The police have been arresting reporters across the city, and a judge had ordered them to
stop, but that just seemed to encourage them.
Take him out.
How about we go to whoever gains us here and get him involved?
I just ask you to do me a favor and not tape over here.
It's my fault, sir.
Listen, first of all, I'm talking.
I don't need you to interrupt me while I'm talking.
All right?
Okay.
And I just got finished telling him that I don't want him taped over here.
Meanwhile, trading videos created by Homeland Security and sent to law enforcement agencies
throughout the nation advise officers to view photographers as potential terrorist threats
and to run them through the terrorist screening database.
See, way down there, there's a woman taking photos of the dam.
Someone called 911 and reported a suspicious person.
As you guessed, she's going to be a Category 3 hit.
And since it's very important that we don't let her know that we know, both the dispatcher
and the officer need to make sure she doesn't hear the radio traffic.
Stand by.
If I could ask you to wait right here, please.
Sure.
All over the country, there have been cases of reporters being arrested for simply filming
federal buildings or police officers.
Police arrest folks all over the country for filming them in public, no matter how many
times state and federal courts say it's constitutional.
And federal buildings, they'll say, don't videotape, even if it's the middle of downtown
Austin, like we're terrorists.
Our own Infowars magazine reporter was threatened with arrest for filming a judicial building
in downtown Austin until Alex Jones protested the building and got them to admit that indeed
the reporter had the right to take photographs of the building.
But listen, all I'm saying is she, okay, so it's not illegal for her as a journalist to
take photos of this building.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Because because I had to sit there and explain to her that she's not going to go to jail.
In states like Illinois, they've abused wiretapping laws set up in the 70s meant to protect people
from covert recordings and tried to apply them to out in the open cameras and audio
recorders trying to say that it's a crime.
Authorities are being ordered to stop arresting and charging citizens who record audio of
police in public.
But the ruling is only a temporary order, which says the Illinois eavesdropping law
likely violates the First Amendment.
And they've even threatened people with life in prison for multiple counts of filming police.
Allison had faced eavesdropping charges for recording audio of law enforcement in public.
Crawford County State's Attorney Tom Wiseman charged Allison with five felony counts.
Each carries up to 15 years in prison.
Do you really think he deserves prison time?
It's not only outrageous, but it's a total chilling effect on free speech.
Just last week during South by Southwest, our InfoWars street team were ticketed for
trying to hand out free magazines, again, a violation of the First Amendment.
As InfoWars is handing out our monthly magazine for free, South by Southwest got some
Austin police officers to issue warnings, then tickets, when we wouldn't stop.
But there is no ordinance against handing out free information on public streets.
And it wasn't until Alex Jones went down there to protest that police backed off, and
many of them admitted they thought it was wrong.
Did you hear that?
Now South by Southwest people saying that the cops are harasses, because the cops are
now behaving like they should in the Constitution, they're now having people come up and
harass us saying you can't on city streets hand a magazine out because you're not South
by Southwest.
So while we put the spotlight on the case of Mark Stone from Sky News and what happened
to him in China and how they interfered with the media there, we should keep in mind that
our own country is under attack, and if we don't stand up for the First Amendment, we're
going to lose it.
In the name of terrorism, they've tried to chill speech and criminalize photographing
public officials, police officers, and just public events in general.
We can't let them do it.
We have to stand up to it and say no and stand up for our rights.
That's right.
We'll be back.
A little over a year ago, I began to do a lot of research into why, even if I had a
pretty good sized meal, that I was still starving.
And my research led me to a well-known fact that most of the soils that we grow our crops
on here in the United States and across the industrialized world are almost completely
depleted of almost all of the key minerals and trace elements that our bodies need to
rebuild themselves, fight off cancer, and be healthy.
I then searched out the best vitamin and mineral company out there and discovered Young Jevity.
The Young Jevity products are designed to give you the real nutrition you need, and
once you've got that, you don't have to eat as much to be satisfied.
I've lost 37 pounds in two months, simply getting the vitamins and minerals I need.
Check it out for yourself.
It's incredible.
Go to InfowarsTeam.com today and order your first canister of Beyond Tangy Tangerine Complete
Multivitamin Mineral Complex Dietary Supplement.
That's InfowarsTeam.com.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons.
But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria,
viruses, moles, and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it
the number one choice of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to SupernaturalSilver.com.
Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
You may be arrested and or subject to other police action.
Tyranny is here.
The grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality.
It really says that the state is God.
The United States is now recognized globally as one of the most impressive police states
on earth.
This film conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps now being
expanded nationwide.
This documentary exposes how the continuity of government program has established an all
powerful shadow state.
Police state four chronicles the sickening depths to which our republic has fallen.
Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship.
Body scanners, sound cameras, citizen spies, stage terror and cameras on every street corner.
It's only the beginning of the New World Order's hellish plan.
The police state isn't coming.
It's here.
Secure your copy today at Infowars.com or see it online in the highest quality at PrisonPlanet.tv.
Introducing Pro One.
All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go.
No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95 percent of hydrofluorosolicic
acid.
Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one
filter element.
It is the only one that does it and out of the gates.
We have it discounted at 10 percent off with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolicic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro Pure with the new Pro One filter today at Infowars.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Coast to coast, direct from Austin.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
We now take you live to the Central Texas Command Center in the heart of the resistance.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Show.
And I am your host, Alex Jones, and we are simulcasting video right now at InfowarsNews.com
and PrisonPlanet.tv.
And if you were watching, you could see the video that we just sent out.
And if you're listening, the report is posted up for everyone at Infowars.com via YouTube.
And understand, on our YouTube channels that have over 400 million views and on PrisonPlanet.tv,
we have all these incidents unedited with our reporters.
So you understand, it was in the Kansas City Star and it's been in the news.
We want a lawsuit over this for an unspecified amount of money in the settlement for our
reporter being arrested in Pittsburgh, Rob Do.
Settle the lawsuit is the way to put it, over this.
And imagine in America, you have to understand, folks, I've been in DC with national film
crews from Discovery Channel, History Channel, Independent Film Channel, and one other.
And they're there with official film crews who've gone and tried to get permits, which
you're not even supposed to get a permit to film in public places unless it's for entertainment.
You're gonna be blocking streets, but they've expanded that out to the First Amendment and
freedom of the press and taught the police that it's arrestable to film anywhere basically
in the country.
And only where people push back to they back off, but I've been there where they refuse
them permits in DC when they ask for them.
And then you're on a sidewalk, you're in the middle of a field with just a camera guy and
a sound guy, 500 yards from the Washington Monument.
And the police come over and say, we're going to arrest you, you can't film here.
And they say, but the city wouldn't give us a permit, and they go, we don't care, we're
going to arrest you.
And then they walk over to tourist and say, you can't film your children.
I thought the first time this happened, they were just harassing us.
Try to go to the White House and stand on the streets they've got barricaded around
it like a third world country.
They've suspended the jurors as well now, and try to film.
They'll come out and say, Secret Service in police uniforms, Secret Service actually has
uniformed police.
They'll say, I'm going to arrest you if you don't stop filming.
You go, but First Amendment, all right, get up against the deal.
You heard me being polite with the New York police out there, where they had arrested
over 1,000 peaceful people, including journalists, AP journalists, famous journalists, who would
just be there showing a peaceful demonstration.
Or people walking down the sidewalk, and they would throw you in the Pier 57 facility and
run buses in there day and night to make you vomit and get sick.
That came out in lawsuits, they did it on purpose.
So I'm there during the day, 400 yards or so by the barricades at Pier 57, an old city
bus terminal built out over the river.
And the cops come over and say, I'm going to arrest you if you film this.
He was singing to my reporters, so I said, nicely, sir, I'm the one that ordered them
to.
Shut up, did I tell you to talk?
And folks, if you ask New York cops for directions, they talk to you like that.
It's like North Korea, the government wants you to know you're low scum.
We've been broken like a pimp breaks a prostitute.
Now, not all departments are totally criminal, but still in Austin last weekend.
And there's film and footage of this on infoawards.com.
It got picked up by local news as well.
At first when I called the local news, I said, we can't hand out magazines or literature
anywhere downtown.
We're not allowed to have bumper stickers.
The News 8 guy goes, come on, are you serious?
And I said, listen, come down.
They came down.
Sure enough, it was true.
And the cops went, we won't enforce this ordinance.
The ordinance doesn't say they can do that.
And if they did have an ordinance, you can't have an ordinance saying we're all galley
slaves or blacks or slaves again.
You can't just do whatever you want.
And I mean, first they said, well, get two blocks away from the convention center.
And then, you know what?
I'm gonna go ahead and write you a ticket.
And that's North Korea.
But see, when North Korea does it, it's can you believe North Korea or China?
Well, a Fox News reporter was in Tiananmen Square with authorization, and they detained
them.
Detained them?
They were torturing people, and Rob Dew was taken to the military base at the G20 Pittsburgh
meeting.
He was on a hilltop filming them daytime, nighttime curfew, selectively enforced.
They weren't even letting reporters cover anything.
And military trucks would pull up and just grab people off the streets.
And so Dew, they wanted to find somebody to beat up.
They had task forces from all over the country.
It was all a psych warfare test to see what cops will do.
And he was at the local university after the G20 had ended that morning.
And they're staying near their hotel and hear, hey, there's cops showing up.
So he went to the hilltop and showed police blocking off the university square, letting
no one leave.
And then coming up to women begging on their knees, and they would just split their heads
with billy clubs.
I mean, blood spraying, orgy of evil.
And they march up the hill to where he is with the press.
Local mainstream TV was there, they go, okay, you can go.
Nope, you're all arrested.
They arrest Dew, they take him freezing in the rain.
People with hoods over their heads.
They would take them in bathrooms and make fun of their genitalia size.
I'm not gonna even get into the whole story.
But this is America, okay?
If they give the cops the order to take your property to put your wife in a FEMA cam, I'm
telling you, they'll follow the orders.
They're ready.
They're ready.
And America is gonna be judged.
China's aborted 330 million babies, the numbers are out, we've aborted 53 million.
And we love it.
I mean, killing babies is good.
So if they're gonna kill babies, they might as well take your bank account.
If they're gonna kill babies, they might as well.
I mean, the footage we got of him up on that hill zoomed in, where you'd have girls on
bikes and they knock her off.
She's like, please, and they come over and just full power, right in the head, blood,
just blood.
And the cops are just celebrating, devastating, devastating, devastating America.
Devastating freedom, devastating people's daughters.
Devastate, devastate, devastate, America is ours, yeah.
And Europe's the same way.
You go protest, they take your bank account.
They're shooting people in Spain now, just mowing them down.
And I'm an extremist for not liking it.
The average coward will make excuses for this, because you're scared deep down.
You think cowering will make it okay.
Now by pushing back, I said, okay, I called the police, I called the code enforcers.
I said, I'm gonna sue you, and I'm coming down there.
And then they went to officials, authorities, not servants, and said, well, we're gonna
get sued.
We've lost suits before.
So then they said, okay, don't do it.
So then someone claiming they work for South by Southwest, big shaved head muscle guys
started coming out to our street team.
Women we hired, like Miller Lite girls, we hired a well-known team who's never had this
happen to them in four or five years, some of their workers.
And they said, yo, I'm scared I've never had police say they're gonna arrest me next.
First it was, we'll give you tickets, then we'll arrest you.
And I've never had guys come up and say, hey, baby cakes, you better watch it, these streets
belong to me.
You don't hand that out, hey, Austin.
That's how they said that one guy even talked, like in the movie, little girl, these streets
belong to us now, you better get off the street.
And I haven't told this story till now.
Of the five women we hired, only two would go back to work of the street team.
And then we hired another street team and almost all of them quit.
And I wasn't gonna do it two days, I paid to have it done all six days because they
did that.
In America, to try to hand out magazines about liberty and freedom, you gotta deal with cops,
code enforcers, and then guys going, listen here, baby cake, there's gonna be a big problem.
You either pay money to South by Southwest as a sponsor, or you don't hand nothing now
on these streets.
And that's what America has now become.
And they're gonna take everything, when they take the Second Amendment, they're gonna take
your free speech, your bank accounts, everything.
Already in Europe, they're taking 10% out of people's bank accounts across the board.
And the government's exempt from the taxes and exempt from the rule.
Why not?
You'll put up with it.
Thomas Jefferson said the level of tyranny you live under is the exact level that you
put up with.
I'm gonna come back, take calls in the next hour.
I'll give you the toll free number when we start the next hour.
Here it is, it's 877-789-ALEX.
I wanna first open the lines for police.
Are you gonna follow these orders nationwide?
Do you think it's right to say we're all terrorists filming while the government runs Al-Qaeda?
877-789-ALEX, 877-789-ALEX.
And that is coming up in the next hour, then we'll take general phone calls.
But I wanna hear you defend this.
Again, that's 877-789-2539.
Second hour, a lot of other news after we take calls on the Second Amendment, the economy,
you name it.
But just briefly here, if we don't stand for the First Amendment, we'll lose everything.
And don't forget to support the broadcast.
You can buy that magazine that's so hated and so feared by tyrants at cost in groups
of 10 up to 100 at infowarsstore.com, or get a yearly subscription.
They get the next 12 issues mailed to you.
Almost every issue is sold out in bulk sale.
So if you wanna get bulk, sign up and get those copies to the big color glossy magazines.
Great way to wake people up, absolutely powerful.
And don't forget infowarshealth.com, the very best revolutionary vitamins, minerals, and
other key cofactor things discounted at infowarshealth.com.
You can also sign up there and get free shipping when you sign up for auto-ship at infowarshealth.com.
And our team can answer your questions there on Beyond Tangy Tangerine, Polymer's Plus,
The Ultimate FX, all of it, 888-789-9277, 888-789-9277, Infowars Health product line 888-789-9277.
And the Come and Take It t-shirts, all the videos, the ball caps, all of it that gets
the word out and supports this transmission.
It's all available at infowarsstore.com, or you can link free when you're visiting prisonplanet.com
or infowars.com.
And don't forget, 11 people with one membership can log in and watch the video portion of
this daily radio show six days a week and the nightly news at prisonplanet.tv, takes
about a minute to sign up.
We'll be right back with a second hour.
Can we reverse the tide to save America?
It's up to you.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth-friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now.
Or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your
arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out Simply Safe.
It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to GetSimplySafe.com.
Simply Safe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you are protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit, or shed.
GetSimplySafe.com.
Simply Safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no
need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but Simply Safe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com.
Coast to coast, direct from Austin.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
From his Central Texas command center, deep behind enemy lines, the information war continues.
It's Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
You know, I really want to hear from police officers out there, because some people can
watch the video where I'm being polite to the New York cop who's screaming at me with
adolescent hatred for filming in public.
If I wouldn't have done that, they would have arrested us all, ended our reporting, and
beaten us up with an inch of our lives, probably, is what happened inside Pier 57.
And so I could get the video out to show you the evil, I mean, people ask why the Federal
Reserve sent over private security guards to the city park, not their private property,
the private Federal Reserve, and had their hands on their guns, and said, all right,
now go.
Go.
Or you're being arrested, sort of put in their hands, and the guys were instructed not to
get in confrontations, so we could show it.
And then the Federal Reserve denied they'd even done that.
They want to just quietly do this to us and then not have us talk about it, not have us
discuss it.
And it just shows how whacked out the system's gotten that in at least 15, 16 different states,
like Illinois leading it, they will charge you with felonies and try to put you in jail
for life in the case of areas in Illinois that we've covered.
And it just shows that, it's like the guy facing, what is it, five to seven years in
prison with a state felony in Florida, because he released a couple of heart balloons for
his girlfriend when she came out of the house.
And the state police saw it, came over, said, did you release those balloons, said, yeah.
That's environmental damage, a felony, and he's gonna get convicted and go to prison.
Cuz they'll tell the jury, you don't judge the facts as well as the law, you just do
what the judge says.
No, juries are voters, if you think a law is wrong, you let them go.
I've always been a supporter of the death penalty, cuz I believe they're an eye for
an eye, but you can't trust a criminal government to administer.
Like the Michael Morton case where they knew he was innocent, put him in jail, fought to
keep evidence from coming out.
There's a case here, can attorney committed into psychiatric hospital still practice law,
very fluent, well-spoken woman exposing Williamson County corruption?
She finally got at it for what, two years, since 2011, in a maximum security mental ward,
because she was going after and suing Williamson County.
I mean, Williamson County is a mafia, but they have short hair and wear suits so no
one can believe it.
I mean, I live here, I know the nightmares of what go on.
Quite frankly, I won't even enter Williamson County, I won't even enter Williamson County.
Sometimes I drive on I-35 through there and I drive the exact speed limit and watch out
because that is Goodfellas area.
And it all comes out, the mayors of the towns running drugs and their kids running drugs
and people dying in custody and all the corruption.
And it's their thing, it's their La Cosa Nostra.
Let's jam in a call here and then we'll come back in the next segment, see if we've got
any police officer callers.
Andrew in PA, you're on the air.
Hello, Alex, I recently watched your interviews with your fellow Austinite, Eddie Craig.
And I also read a couple of articles about Eddie Craig in the news.
And after seeing that your fellow Austinite, Eddie Craig, can use perfect legal means to
get out of paying traffic tickets and also get out of paying taxes.
Yeah, that's because they break the law the way they give them, violate the state and
federal constitutions.
Almost everything the police do is illegal.
But they've been doing it so long that they think it's normal.
So now they go, hey, you can't hand out literature on the street.
Great preachers can't preach.
You have no First Amendment.
And you're like, well, I'm gonna still do it.
Okay, I'm gonna beat your brains out on the way to the police station.
I'm God, I'm the state, I'm the government, I own you.
I am God.
Boy, I understand that, but my point is if Eddie Craig can use perfect and legal means
to do this, in theory, any American should be able to as well.
So it's not too much trouble, is anyway- Yeah, I wanna get Eddie Craig back on the
show.
I've told people that and we're gonna get him back on the radio show and the nightly
news for some extensive discussions in the near future.
All right, anything else?
No, that's all I wanted to bring up.
Hey, what do you think about all over the country?
It's a big deal when China tells reporters they can't videotape on city streets.
It's like, those dirty commies.
But then when we do it, it's like, that's good.
Yeah, that's good.
Well, with China, you can say, well, what do you expect?
But in America, it makes you think, dude, what the heck's going on?
I thought we had a constitution, so that doesn't make any sense to me.
I hear you, Andrew, thanks for reminding me I need to get Eddie Craig back on.
We've got a large squadron of producers out there, so maybe that'll happen.
All right, we'll be right back after this break.
I want to hear from police officers, 877-789 Alex, I mean, do you think this is a good
thing?
How about the FEMA camps?
How about turning our guns in?
That sound good to you?
I had tried everything.
I'd cut back the amount of food I was eating, I was lifting weights and jogging, but nothing
was working.
My body was literally starving for minerals and trace elements, as well as key vitamins.
And as soon as I had that, I immediately could eat half of what I was eating previously and
be satisfied.
Now, there are hundreds of great products at Infowarsteam.com, but I want to point out
the three that have helped me lose 37 pounds in just two months.
Products like Beyond Tangy Tangerine, Holland Burst, and Rebound.
When I started taking the Tangy Tangerine and other products every day, I lost more
than 37 pounds in just two months.
Now that's results.
I want to challenge my listeners to go to Infowarsteam.com and to order just three of
their products.
And you will see the changes in the way you look, feel, and in your appetite almost immediately.
Start your journey to health and wellness today.
Infowarsteam.com.
K.M.L. in Los Angeles, Clone Radio.
We play the songs that sound more like everyone else than anyone else, Clone.
Hitler took the guns.
Stalin took the guns.
Mao took the guns.
Fidel Castro took the guns.
Hugo Chavez took the guns.
1776 will commence again if you try to take our firearms.
The Republic will rise again when you attempt to take our guns.
I have sworn upon the altar of God, eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over
the mind of man.
The answer to 1984 is 1776.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Show.
The private run for profit Federal Reserve owned and controlled by foreign offshore banks
on record says that less than two percent of the deposits that are digital currency
in our bank accounts is actually denominated in paper money.
That is, for all the digital money that represents U.S. domestic notes, even worse if you count
internationally, less than two percent.
So if just four or five percent of people try to go to the bank and get all their money
out in cash, it would all be gone.
Okay, that's conservative, and you've probably noticed we try to get a few thousand dollars
out if you're going on a trip or you just want to bury it in the backyard.
They act like you're a criminal to do that and file a suspicious activities report on
you.
They don't just do it for $10,000.
Now, Reuters is reporting that spy agencies without warrants look at everybody's bank
accounts.
Well, that's in the know your customer regulations from the mid 90s.
I've been telling you that it was put into the code.
It's fraudulent laws, but they don't ever want to have a debate about that because they
don't want you to know about it.
Now, before I go back to your calls, we got people calling in en masse here, but unfortunately
no police officers that I see.
I said, hey, cops, you want to call in and defend arresting people or ticketing people
filming in public on sidewalks or streets while you film us from surveillance cameras?
You know there's no expectation of privacy in public places.
Who's telling you to do this?
Watch this about.
I'd like to hear from you.
And I know we got a lot of good police out there.
We also got some bad ones out there.
The point is you're going to be asked to do all these tyrannical things, so I want to
hear from you.
I think the phones are loaded though.
The number is 877-789-ALEX.
And I'll go back to some calls, but I want to talk about denial here just briefly.
For TV viewers, let's punch up the article that I have on screen.
Here's the BBC from yesterday, Saturday, March 16th.
It's March 17th right now.
Shock in Cyprus as savers face bailout levy.
And so we posted articles, we wrote articles, I did a special video report on infoawards.com.
It's up there right now, saying that the EU ruled the unelected bureaucracy.
You can't unelect them.
It's a dictatorship.
I've had members of the British parliament on, members of the EU parliament on, who were
elected but have no authority, Nigel Farage and others.
I mean, it is a tyranny.
They exempt themselves from their own laws.
Just look that up.
EU bureaucrats exempt from taxes.
Look it up.
They exempt themselves from insider trading, just like our Congress.
It's a criminal class.
Tyranny is the norm.
It can and is happening here.
Your denial fuels it, just like cigarettes fuel lung cancer.
We've got to get off this stuff.
So continuing, shock in Cyprus as savers face bailout levy.
Now it's begun.
Only a few bank chains are open on Saturday and Sunday.
Those that are open will let you get your money out, but only down to 10%.
The problem is then they have to shut cuz the cash runs out.
The ATMs, and I have like eight articles on infowars.com saying this from International
Tribune, International Business Times, Reuters, BBC, MSNBC, BBC, zero hedge.
It's more than seven.
And it says people in Cyprus have reacted with shock of the news of the one-off levy
of up to 10% of savings as part of the Euro plan the government reached with the EU.
I mean, the EU last year appointed Mario Draghi as the new head of the new Italian prime minister,
or was it president?
I mean, they appointed the new head of the Greek government.
Now look at this.
You go to infowars.com and my video report, special report EU steals nation's private
bank accounts, starts EU wide bank runs.
And under it, I link to all this mainstream news, okay?
That I just mentioned to you.
So it's all got links to where it's admitted and look, listeners are on there posting the
BBC article saying people in Cyprus have reached the deal, 10 billion Euro.
And it goes on to say, now they're announcing they're gonna take 12%.
And then it's got that listed right there that the lowest is 9.9, but the highest is
12.
And then that's RT and others reporting.
Now look at this, RT is reporting 12.5.
Now you just go read the EU announcement, it says up to 12%.
Now look, as is common, AJ fabricates and if called later on the lie, he dismisses it
as a rare error.
This latest example is AJ slanting that Bank of America would charge users $5 every time
they use a debit card, and then it goes on.
I mean, that was what they said, and what does that have to do with any of this?
And then down here you've got them saying, no, it's only 7% they're taking out of the
bank accounts.
And I searched that today when I saw him saying that, and just kept double checking and that
I was right.
But they just throw that out there to change the subject into is Alex right?
These are admitted bots, the government on record has bots, 73% of Obama's Twitter followers
were fake.
Guys, type that in, 73% of Obama's Twitter followers were fake, USA Today, or whatever
source comes up.
Guys, I did a video about that and they said that was a lie.
Now Congress has come out, members of Congress and have exposed they're getting fake tweets
they tracked back to the White House.
Of course, the head of Twitter, the head of Facebook, they've all bragged that they've
given all their users data to the White House to use.
But see, they'll just come out and deny that this is happening, just like they've been
saying about a year ago, AP wrote an article saying that there are no bullets being bought,
we're liars.
The government hit 1.6 billion, they said, it was a million over here, it wasn't 1.6.
And they went to one line item at Fed.biz, the federal purchase site, and then now they've
admitted it, but they still have the Huffington Post and others say there are no bullets.
And then they had a big syndicated columnist, Diane West in the Daily Times, and this was
in newspapers all over the country said, why does Obama need 1.6 billion bullets?
Forbes came out and said last week, we'd have a national discussion about the 1.6 billion,
they're already following old numbers, it's over 2 billion now, as correlated by Breitbart.com
and DrudgeReport.com.
So it's well over 2 billion, thousands of armored vehicles, and they lie and say they're
for the Marines.
Well, yeah, the Marines bought some of the same armored vehicle, but it's on record they've
got big armored Homeland Security vehicles driving around, it's on record police departments
are being given them.
I mean, everybody knows they've got those, it's all over the news.
But they say that I am a liar, all you got to type in is 73%, there it is, Obama has
millions of fake Twitter followers, USA Today, see my memory was right, yeah, that's from
2012, my memory.
President Obama Twitter account has 18.8 million followers, but more than half of them really
don't exist according to reports.
It says that the web tools determine 70%, my number was 73, that must be the actual
web tool, that's the New York Times says 73, they say over 70.
Boom, boom, boom, fake, boom, okay, you're the liars, you're the liars, do I get some
stuff wrong occasionally?
Yes, but usually it's underestimating, it's underestimating, in fact, now I kept saying
378 million, that was an old number, Wachovian Wells Fargo, it's now over 450 billion in
laundered drug money, and they didn't get in trouble for it.
I said Corzine stole a billion, it turned out it was at least 1.4 of MF Global People
money.
Look, it isn't up to me to be perfect, by the way, it's about the world and the tyranny,
is this right or is this wrong?
Don't use their, see, and people ask, why do they lie about the bullets, why did Robert
Gibbs come out and say, I was told a lie about foreign and domestic drones, and to deny a
program that existed, Congress funded it.
But they know you don't know how to look up congressional funding.
So Gibbs comes out on MSNBC three weeks ago and says, I was ordered to lie, I go on talk
shows and they say, why do you lie about domestic drones?
Because again, if they can change the subject and they think you're stupid and divert off
into is it true or not, we'll never be able to get anywhere with this.
Your phone calls and a ton of news, I'm going right to your calls.
On the other side of this quick break, infowars.com or streaming video right now, become a prison
planet TV member, 11 memberships for $5.95 a month.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health.
At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection of
silver based products.
Our most popular silver based products are the 32 ounce nano silver solutions.
Our two ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well as our all natural silver soaps.
Just released is our 100% natural silver gel.
Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents which quickly evaporate and
leave the silver at the surface, but rather we have formulated our silver gel using the
natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the
skin while delivering the silver more effectively.
Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver based products
are best for you.
That's www.silverlungs.com.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day.
If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better.
You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared.
For years we've told you about our friends at e Foods Direct.
They have the best tasting long term storable food on the planet.
This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight.
A long term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing
you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from e Foods Direct.
Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping
on all food supplies.
Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared.
Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com slash Alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to efoodsdirect.com slash Alex.
You can bet your life on e Foods Direct.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold and weapons.
But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria,
viruses, moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it
the number one choice of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com.
Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Bend Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth-friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning
needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
domestic coast direct from Austin you're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network
big brother mainstream media government cover-ups you want answers well so does he live from
Austin Texas broadcasting worldwide it's Alex Jones
all right we did have some police officers and former police officers call in I'll get
to them and then get to everybody else but I want to get their take on this because you
know as someone that has a little bit of power myself I get embarrassed if I exercise it
on someone who doesn't deserve it and I get I get I get embarrassed by the little bit
of quote status I have being a syndicated radio host that reaches millions of people
a day but then other people get a little bit of power and they act like total jerks and
imagine cops are where the rubber meets the road imagine what it's like on top of the
establishment with the Air Force One and the the red carpets and now all over the country
saying you can't film anywhere in public I've seen videos where they beat people up and
then and then take them to jail it's very very frightening but speaking of the denial
mechanism AP Daily Times Forbes a bunch of others have gone and looked at the federal
purchase records and confirmed over two billion rounds of ammo purchased delivered and ordered
and that it's a massive arms buildup and the armored vehicles and the militarization the
drills and then they just deny it exists and say I'm a liar Sarah Palin quoted us and they
came out in Politico and said she was insane it was an anonymous posting and that I'd made
it up and then Forbes and others go and look and they go no it's it's true we have a discussion
why are they stonewalling because it's part of a takeover when they were illegally spying
on people without warrants at the NSA they lied about it now it's admitted and and and
so Oh Alex I mean on my own site they're going he's a liar they're not taking 10% of people's
bank account when I'm quoting BBC you name it I mean it again because they don't want
this news here and they think you're stupid well you haven't stopped anything I've got
an article here out of what is it out of dig it up it's out of what zero hedge there's
another one here where they're going wow all the major Rush Limbaugh Mark Levin Michael
Savage blah blah blah they're now covering the government trying to implode the economy
by design and economic takeover and that health care is meant to of course that's the plan
and if I can say anything I've forced mainstream conservatism to admit that we're in deep trouble
and and if we can do that then we can have a real debate about this and save this country
but if see I know why tyrants always take over and most the time succeed because whatever
group had freedom can't believe it's happening same reason in criminology young women get
in cars with serial killers because the serial killers wear suits and ties and drive nice
vehicles just like the you know fiction movie American Psycho that's just like Ted Bundy
because they're looking for the dirt ball you know the guy with long hair and tattoos
to kill him and it's the same thing here people just can't believe this is happening and it
is happening the Nazis all wore suits the communists wore suits they killed hundreds
of millions of people in Russia well the communists total have killed over 170 million China Russia
you name it Hitler was a National Socialist but see people think he was a fascist they
call themselves fascist but they use socialism I'm not defending fascism either it's another
authoritarianism but even fascism uses socialism for the general population and then only a
command and control economy for insiders on the top let's go to this quick video of Gibbs
on MSNBC you can pull up articles the full videos online at 16 minutes Robert Gibbs is
press sec I was ordered not to acknowledge the existence of drone program you want to
see the full video but here's a quick excerpt where he says it's like the Wizard of Oz well
then I am Toto and so are you we're pulling the curtain back the Emperor's new clothes
here it is when I went through the process of becoming press secretary one of the things
one of the first things they told me was you're not even to acknowledge the drone program
you're not even to discuss that it exists and so I would get a question like that and
literally I couldn't tell you what major asked because once I figured out it was about the
drone program I realize I'm not supposed to talk about it and but here's what's inherently
crazy about that proposition you're being asked a question based on reporting of a program
that exists right so you're the official government spokesperson acting as if the entire program
pay no attention to the man behind the curtain yeah I mean I mean I heard it on the phone
with Max Cabrera running my street team was there and was talking to cops and I talked
to him and talked to the and the guys like oh hey Alex I'm a listener I'm like this is
wrong giving them tickets I know but that's my orders I go so you'll do anything and I'm
like what about the Constitution what the Bill of Rights I I just I don't know what
you're talking about look we have these rights okay and and and these rights are what made
us wealthy and successful not what gave us problems and as the Liberty goes so does the
prosperity and the folks if they cannot let you hand out stuff in downtown Austin or even
told us you can't have a bumper sticker on your car and so I said well let me talk to
the code enforcer instead of the cops I'm on the phone with the code enforcer who's
ordering the cops around he goes Alex I'm a listener to I just I'm being ordered this
my job and I said this is wrong and he goes I gotta tell you something else they don't
want bumper stickers on your company car they you know they see that car parked down there
and I said I said you're telling me in America I go where is it parked in a meter and I go
is it legally parked he goes yeah and I go are my people blocking the right-of-way and
he goes no the code says it's for like hot dog I said is it for like hot dog stands blocking
the sidewalk he goes yep he goes no I know the the street team they're totally polite
what they're doing has always been okay I'm told now to issue these tickets and next they're
gonna be arrested and so I said well I gotta drive back from Galveston and I had to get
in the car and drive back and then have a protest for him to back off and then my street
team quit out of fear because when the cops did their job and wouldn't threaten the Constitution
the goons were then sent I mean and next it'll be well you know it's good to have big muscle
guys telling women they can't be on the street in America let's go to a current police officer
in Maryland named Tom he's saying he's a police officer Tom what is your view on this maybe
I'm an extremist maybe we shouldn't have free speech well good afternoon Alex I'm a retired
police officer and it's despicable the kinds of things that I hear that you and your staff
have undergone you spoke earlier today in the show about behavior that to me and those
that I served with absolutely dishonorable and outrageous to hear those types of things
what I haven't heard you report on and I'm very interested in though are the number of
internal affairs complaints that you and your street team have filed against the various
officers in these various departments it is important to file these even if you don't
think you'll get a satisfactory outcome because at the very least you're getting these reports
one record just like if you're tracking crime no no you're right and and and I always say
we should be tougher with people I myself have a soft heart and don't even want to get
them in trouble because I know the dirt bags according to them at South by Southwest ordered
it my only concern I went and talked to him and some of them apologized later and posed
for photos they said look we were ordered to and they're like little kids you know the
cops I knew growing up you know in Dallas were like tough guys and stuff I don't get
how and would never do something like that but but I I hear your point about make about
doing that so there at least there's a record of it you've got to file the complaint even
if you feel like you don't want to give someone in trouble it's got to go on record it's not
necessarily going to cost someone their job but it's the first line of defense and stopping
this sort of behavior why do you think America is getting like this are they getting ready
to really pull the plug I hope that's not the case I think that as with any situation
where you have an organization that has power you're going to have them pushing the limits
and you have to have on the reverse side and that's push back push back you've got to have
that push back exactly yeah I mean free people are free because they stand up the reason
we have freedom is our ancestors stood up anything else you'd like to add sir I'll leave
you with this I think the more peaceful pushback and dialogue that we Liberty minded folks
can engage in the less likely we'll have of any type of implosion that so many I agree
we're going to talk about that when we come back more call straight ahead Alex Jones here
with a message to fellow freedom lovers the prognosis for the entire planetary economic
system runs from bad to worse the globalist model is to shut down societies and starve
patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover that's why we've assembled the most
vital and important preparedness items at info wars shop.com these are items that I
did research on that I personally use we've got the life straw so you can turn fetid water
into safe water anywhere you go the kator hand crank generator to charge up key equipment
during power outages are out in the field strategic relocation third edition by Joel
scousum when disaster strikes by Matthew Stein thorough safe used by Homeland Security to
protect yourself during any radiological event and crank shortwave am FM radios everything
that we've researched and found to be the best is available at info war shop.com and
your purchase makes our info war possible we're getting prepared are you in full wars
shop.com you prepare by purchasing gold food and firearms but if you don't have a home
security system and you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection
when you're sleeping or away from home who's watching out for intruders check out simply
safe it's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless go to get
simply safe calm simply safe is independent and off the grid it runs on battery power
so even if the grid goes down you're protected it's completely customizable so you can use
it in your home business boat trailer storage unit or shed get simply safe calm simply safe
is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes so there's no need to
let a stranger into your home if you move or need to relocate you can take the system
with you wherever you go you aren't always at home but simply safe will stand guard protecting
your property 24 hours a day seven days a week again that's get simply safe.com introducing
pro one all of your filtration in one system portable on the go no more do you have two
or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride you have a system that cuts out the sodium
fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element it is the only one that does
it and out of the gates we have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water this is the
only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides herbicides chloramines
ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate get your pro pure with
a new pro one filter today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139 you may be arrested
and or subject to other police action tyranny is here the grim future foretold in 1984 has
become reality it really says that the state is god the united states is now recognized
globally as one of the most impressive police states on earth this film conclusively proves
the existence of a secret network of fema camps now being expanded nationwide this documentary
exposes how the continuity of government program has established an all-powerful shadow state
police state four chronicles the sickening depths to which our republic has fallen prepare
to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship body scammers sound cannons citizen
spies stage terror and cameras on every street corner it's only the beginning of the new
world order's hellish plan the police state isn't coming it's here secure your copy today
at info wars.com or see it online in the highest quality at prison planet.tv coast to coast
direct from austin you're listening to the alex jones broadcasting network network from
the front lines of the information war it's alex jones all right we had a ton of callers
that were police and i guess they got busy in their squad cars they all hung up we had
a couple open lines well i'm gonna open the phone system up that's how our system works
i'm gonna open it up right now if any police can get in 877-789 alex 877-789-2539 but i'm
gonna just go to general calls right now and see what you're calling in about i mean obviously
i've thrown a lot of news here the eu is a private consortium for private banks trying
to set up a bank of the world and global taxes and they arbitrarily exempt themselves from
their own laws and are now taking at least 10 out of people's bank accounts in cyprus
arbitrarily right off the top to bail out themselves and they've created 1.5 quadrillion
worldwide many many times all the real wealth in the world in fact real wealth worldwide
it's not estimated to even be 100 trillion but they created 1.5 quadrillion i mean bernie
madoff created 1.5 quadrillion you'd arrest him or if ken laye did of enron but they do
it and it's like well that's the end of it we've infected everything so now you've got
to do whatever we say and then it's designed to not even prop it up that's what's crazy
uh let's go ahead and go to your phone call so who's up first here in line okay yeah let's
go to uh let's go to mark in texas mark you're on the air go ahead mark in texas yeah mark
you want to talk go ahead brother uh i'm in ohio but that's okay i've got a heat pump
that uh i got i got a patent took four and a half years to get it and um they're just
keeping it quiet i've talked to the department of energy for three years almost straight
seven people retired that i talked to i talked to the state uh jobs ohio and then i called
channel four and channel four come april has put off this uh broadcast for six months put
out the broadcast saying what they have they just they taped it this is a heat pump i haven't
named it i changed the heat pump it's i gotta be honest i can't understand what you're talking
about maybe i'm stupid explain to me what you're talking about i'm talking about a patent
that i have that i've took to the state and the energy department of energy nobody's even
bothered to look at it people talks about everybody's on the news we're looking for
new energy sources it saves roughly 45 percent and bro you do better calling me and sending
me a breakdown of your patent or whatever because talking about it here on air i mean
it's just no listen i hear you i appreciate your call you need to mail me that information
i can't just sit here and talk about you've got a patent and it's it's in oio and it's
a federal patent and you know whatever we don't really screen calls but this is just
all over the map i'm gonna go to louis in pennsylvania now we probably got the calls
out of order let's see if louis is in pennsylvania louis where you calling from yeah i'm calling
from pennsylvania but yeah i wanted to call um we're referring to a youtube video that
i saw the other day okay about about this guy in australia right he was holding a flint
a flintlock right before he was talking about all the new gun laws being proposed over here
in the u.s and he was saying that he doesn't agree with them and he was talking about how
they took all the guns in australia oh no no first they took the semi-auto saying that's
all they wanted then they took uh the bolt action and now they've set to ban single shots
yes they're banning guns everywhere they've done this and then they deny that they want
our guns uh louis yeah and he was talking about how a lot of the guns were from former
military and they cried like when they took them all and crushed them and stuff that they
that they had those guns all around the world and by the way the violent crime rate roughly
tripled you can pull this up uh in the 15 years since they banned the guns and did you
know the real crocodile dundee the guy that was based on was a real person he wouldn't
give up his rifles the swat team came to his house and tried to kill him and he killed
two of the cops and they killed him they've killed over a thousand aussies you can pull
it up in u.s newspapers reported on it during the gun confiscation they will do it they've
done it before and the un treaty is set for this month john carrey's backing it the secretary
of state and they say that they want the civilian abolition of gun ownership abolition means
the banning god bless you absolutely louis great point about how the globalists have
control of chicago and new york total gun ban they want our guns by the way the nra
president has come out uh there's a video up at info wars.com he went on fox news no
he's executive director not the president wayne lapierre and has pointed out that the
white house internally is freaking out that their gun grab has backfired and are hoping
for another event to reverse it and that's what diane feinstein has said that's what
michael morris said don't worry there'll be more events let's show the images of the dead
kids to end the second amendment their goal as she said before mr and mrs america get
ready to hand them in is to ban our guns as an act of domination i mean diane feinstein
is the queen of insider trading she went to congress worth a couple hundred thousand dollars
twenty years ago the senate and is now worth some estimates are 150 mil most are below
100 mil about 80 mil her husband's a billionaire and got oh man it's it's bad uh let's go ahead
let's talk to ryan and ryan is calling from texas uh so uh what you calling about today
ryan hey alex hey buddy what's on your mind today i'm i'm great go ahead so you're a police
officer currently that's correct um uh what i wanted to talk to you about actually was
the tip-off i got back in october regarding the whole ammo shortage i have a buddy of
mine he's an ffl dealer i got a call from him in october this is exactly what he told
me he said i just had an fbi client of mine call up to order 30,000 rounds of two two
three he questioned him he said it's a big order i can fill it but why do you need so
much and he said this he said within a couple of months you won't be able to purchase it
or it's going to be so expensive you won't be able to get your hands on it something's
going down he wasn't sure what it was but he said that it had something to do with the
obama presidency either he's going to declare martial law or he's going to try to confiscate
guns and it's going to be back in october well again i happen to know a lot of federal
firearms dealers let's leave it at that i happen to know some of the biggest manufacturers
of firearms and ammunition the nra said over a year ago that well this was in the news
people remember i mean it's no secret they said obama will try to ban guns we've been
told now they've released that internal justice department memo two weeks ago where that was
their plan even before the election and then new memos after and isn't it magic that all
these perfect things happen but even fbi folks didn't know why their regional directors told
them get ammo because the shortages even for police and federal agents they don't know
where the two billion rounds are going there are shortages even for federal law enforcement
no one knows where it's going now some of it hasn't even been delivered yet it's like
it's designed to just absolutely throw a shoe into things and create shortages go ahead
now that you're exactly right and the thing is that we've been told the same thing but
way after that you know pick up on your own personal supply because our sergeants won't
even address it you ask them about the shortage they won't even talk about it it's one of
those things where you know they ignore the man behind the curtain type things are they
being ordered to do that because i was asked by a cia uh asset i'll just leave it at that
who well i shouldn't go any further than that uh it's an analyst for the cia who happens
to be a talk show host i'll just leave it at that he said that he's interviewed a bunch
of congressmen on and off air and they just flatly deny to him and that even when he's
talking to cia liaisons they they say that doesn't exist even though it exists they've
been ordered to say it doesn't exist and that's only done on warfare fronts that's what gibbs
talked about you only blatantly lie even when you know it's a known lie when it's part of
a military northcom operation if it's domestic and that's illegal so i mean what's your take
on that well exactly that's exactly what the denasi propaganda so he said was tell a lie
tell it big enough and tell it enough so people will believe it as far as our sergeants go
they won't even get into why they won't talk about it because they don't even admit that
it's real now you're absolutely right and i don't even know what to say uh at this point
um i don't know what to say at this point it's it's just so crazy and and again even
people in government are compartmentalized and don't know what's going on but separately
it's hiding in plain view it's it's very bizarre this whole man behind the curtain thing and
it's got and look the whole government's not bad there are people in every government level
who are good americans who are upset about what's happening there are people in the eu that are good
members of their country that don't like what's happening all right thank you for the call sir
be safe wherever you're at okay we'll be right back and i'm just going to give each caller one
minute like 12 callers online right now we're coming right back to you on the other side i'm
alex jones and the news website while it's still up is infowars.com if you're listening you know
your basic freedoms are being threatened every day if you're listening you know the economy is
not getting better you know gas and food prices are skyrocketing now is the time to get prepared
for years we've told you about our friends at e foods direct they have the best tasting long-term
storable food on the planet this food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight
a long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you
need most be prepared and get your supply from e foods direct right now is the best time to stock
up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies give yourself peace of mind
and be prepared act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoods direct.com slash alex get free
shipping on all orders for a limited time call 800-409-5633 or go to efoods direct.com slash
alex you can bet your life on e foods direct now that we have moved into the winter season
there is an increased need to support our immunity and health
at silver lungs we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection of
silver based products our most popular silver based products are the 32 ounce nano silver
solutions our two ounce nano silver nasal applicators as well as our all natural silver
soaps just released is our 100 percent natural silver gel our new silver gel is not based on
synthetic gelling agents which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface but rather
we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera
to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more effectively visit
www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver based products are best for you
that's www.silverlungs.com devastating events like earthquakes tornadoes floods hurricanes
or the threat of martial law have highlighted the need for americans to prepare for emergencies
as a result millions are stockpiling food gold and weapons but how will these items help if you
or one of your loved ones becomes ill supernatural silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a
medical emergency supernatural silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against
bacteria viruses moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care taken internally or used topically
it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens supernatural silver has over 500 different uses
and a long-term shelf life making it the number one choice of preppers across the country to find
out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared go to www.supernaturalsilver.com
use the promo code prepared for 20% off your entire order and like us on facebook
you prepare by purchasing gold food and firearms but if you don't have a home security system then
you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection when you're sleeping or away
from home who's watching out for intruders check out simply safe it's a new do-it-yourself home
security system that is completely wireless go to getsimplysafe.com simply safe is independent
and off the grid it runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down you are protected
it's completely customizable so you can use it in your home business boat trailer storage unit or
shed getsimplysafe.com simply safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under
20 minutes so there's no need to let a stranger into your home if you move or need to relocate
you can take the system with you wherever you go you aren't always at home but simply safe
will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day seven days a week again that's
getsimplysafe.com coast to coast direct from austin you're listening to the alex jones broadcasting
network network i have sworn upon the altar of god eternal hostility against every form of tyranny
over the mind of man thomas jefferson it's alex jones on the gcn radio network all i know is this
government worldwide is running around like a chicken with its head cut off digging in buying
weapons trying to take on their domestic populations like some type of foreign occupying
army and i'm just desperately trying to speak out and say no to it like the former police officer
retired police officer said peaceful pushback pointing out that it's happening that will cause
a debate that neutralizes it but you let them get all this in place and then stage some event
to get the average bureaucrat to go along with it with the official story whatever they're going to
pull they're going to win we get the word out or we're in deep trouble got a bunch of police on
hold got a former police officer about those big underground bases they're building under national
security and the ozarks that have even been on the news uh just a lot of amazing stuff we're
going to your calls right now joe texas police uh you're on the air go ahead sir how you doing
today alex pretty good i was listening to you talk about austin and i'm going to tell you right now
i've been a police officer since 1974 i'm still an active police officer first thing i swore to
do when i became a police officer and every tech every texas police officer does this is you swear
to uphold the constitution of the united states those officers should have disobeyed and refused
to follow any orders that violated the constitution and those big thugs from south by southwest they
should have been arrested by those officers out there for bothering your employees that's all
there is to it yeah well they said they were with south by southwest and they went and got
the cops and the guys ran off but i mean it just shows first people couldn't believe it till we
showed the video and photos online and i don't blame the public for thinking it wasn't true
i mean how has it gotten to the point where some corporation can order the police around
well they're not going to order me around nothing nor any of the officers or the deputies that work
for my agency and i think you'll find that the majority of police officers in texas will tell
a big organization to take a hike we've we've got a pair okay we've got some intestinal well
no i found that in most areas i don't know how they got away with it uh what do you think about
the billions of bullets that are public but that they're denying well i mean they can't take our
guns they they're not gonna be able to take our guns away so they're gonna take the bullets
that's what it is they took me three weeks to find a store that had a box of 38 specials
for my off-duty weapon amazing all right good to hear from you joe be safe uh let's talk to uh
robert who is um i guess nypd and uh you're on the air go ahead robert thanks for holding
he's listening to the radio delayed he should come in in about 10 seconds
do you hang up all right put him on hold till he comes back because i'm going to talk to him
uh let's okay let's go to uh spence uh listening um we're gonna go spence you're on the air you're
a miss a former missouri police officer what's your info on the underground base is being built
there on the ozarks hey alex uh actually i'm a former uh deputy out of boone county arkansas
but uh as you know i moved up this way just to kind of get away from sure but uh i still have
quite a few friends that are our deputies and you know in the police force and so forth and
a lot of them through this area you know have you know watched what's been happening you know with
the uh underground and stuff of course the ozarks are just honeycomb with uh caves a lot of
underground uh bunkers and uh and so forth but uh you know it's it there's a lot of activity
that's going on uh just up you know you and uh jesse ventura i think you know did a little
special in this house that's up this way and uh the underground bunkers that are up near the
springfield missouri area and then recently we found out that fema purchased the uh underground
uh storage facility out of branson missouri oh yeah no i i i consulted on jesse ventura's tv
show one of the episodes this year and they they confirm with the local police and others that it's
the nsa the cia and that the guy that runs the house that's 72 000 square feet the new york
times reported on it a behemoth vacation home rises in the ozarks it's built with like two
foot thick concrete walls and they've confirmed it's a command base on top of underground bases
obviously one guy from the nsa doesn't own it and that is one of the alternate governments now
outside of norad in uh colorado springs colorada and camp david and site are uh in maryland and
the question is what are they getting ready for out there uh the intel i've got is they've been
moving anti-personnel weapons in which you don't have those to fight the russians in an icbm attack
you move uh armored vehicles underground to defend it from some type of uh uprising and that is
reportedly one of the safest areas in the country what do you think's happening i think that uh this
is a safe haven you know it's right center in the middle part of the country and uh you know with
some of the subs that they have that uh mal had out of uh korea you know they've got those new
electric subs that can actually come close to the united states that's right the missile they can't
quite make it right dead center of the state no they pull up and launch cruise missiles that's
right matter of fact i don't know if you know but you can pull up on youtube there was a missile
that was launched um oh no no no i mean even the former head of nasa came out and said that's an
icbm the u.s tested one off their coast so they they detonated one with conventional munitions
off san diego what was that three years ago yeah i think so it was uh and it was plainly you know
they said it was a ups plane that uh yeah you know they didn't look at it yeah that was a submarine
launch that's right not an icbm you're right it was launched by a sub about 10 miles off the coast
good to hear from you yeah no it's on record that they're building bases all over the place
and they've got black ops all over that area the ozarks and they've been getting in locals faces
which is not the best move this country's in a lot of troubles all i can tell you i mean they
are gearing up to just go crazy on it's good to hear from you is that other police officer back
or did robert have to go uh yeah he's gone i wanted to hear from him he had the radio on in
the background uh let's talk about um cigarette taxes cory wants to talk about that in upstate
new york real quick go ahead well boss anybody go ahead um i've you know i've been looking around
and lately a lot of people we've been they've been smoking more and more cigarettes than normal you
know and i've been thinking since 2009 the fda was put in charge of regulating what's put in them
you know what give me a document cam shot i'm glad you called i appreciate your call
i'm gonna move quick now but i didn't even get to this pepsi two years ago began doing flavor
enhancement with dead babies fetal tissue and i heard it didn't believe it it was mainstream news
now they've made it secret and now they're announcing they're going to have additives
and they won't tell you what they are and here's the headline pepsi replaces sugar with mystery
ingredient that's up on infowars.com and more and more they're saying they're just not going
to tell us and they won't let us know if it's gmo i mean i it's like the devil's running things
uh so yeah uh people are smoking more cigarettes and it's come out in lawsuits
some cigarettes have up to 300 plus additives in them and they're they're they're not additives
they're called drugs they try to make stuff as addictive as they can francis in new york
welcome you're on the air uh go ahead francis yeah i'm very good um is this true under under
hr 32 section 2521 that we all have to be chipped by obamacare is that uh yes no no it does pay for
chipping of the american people it doesn't make you do it yet but it does fund the micro chipping
of the american people okay yeah i live in new york i was with a lot of teachers and they're
very ignorant i mean i talk to them about how the government's going to shut down your internet
how the how the vaccines are poisonous to children well they're not ignorant they're
brain damage from the vaccines the iq is dropping cancer's up several thousand percentage diabetes
type 2 diabetes on record is mainly aspartame and chlorinated water i got two studies on it today
guys just type in a soft drink artificial sweeteners type 2 diabetes of course it's
not artificial sweeteners it's it's aspartame wood alcohol will fry your pancreas it'll also
look at macular degeneration off the chart but you know glenn beck's going blind from it he was
saying but i sent him info about he made fun of me when it's on record it it eats your cornea and
your nerve go ahead yeah like i was saying before i worked with a lot of teachers where i work for
a school district actually and they're very stupid naive i tell them about how how the
government's taking taking over how how your jobs are going to go down the waistline how your
salaries are going to go are going to be worth shit because excuse my language all right we
gotta let you go sir that yeah gotta let you go there with that uh i can't use any poo poo words
here uh last call we got time for sorry to all the others uh i'll be back tomorrow 11 a.m central
info wars dot com or local stations in your area uh good job catching that guys uh mike in canada
you're our tail gunner today go ahead mike how are you i'm pretty good good hey i've been getting
your info wars magazine and i've noticed that a lot of people that won't look at the website or
listen to the radio show for whatever reason they'll they'll read that and they like it
and it got me thinking of a couple more things that that we could do um like a video game
geared to kids no total genius some really simple free video game that's online to wake people up
about the new world order great idea yeah like get fluoride out of the water identify chem trails
know your amendments identify the poison they're giving you in vaccines whatever and defeat the
monsters great idea i'm out of time great job to the callers great job to the list everybody the
sponsors the team my crew our affiliates god bless you all spread the word about the broadcast spread
the word about liberty pushback is the way to save the republic don't lie down to tyrants god bless
you all
