Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Well, obviously, this is going to be another riveting and extremely important and informative,
and hopefully, awakening transmission today. It is the 15th day of February 2013. And we've got
a pretty serious situation going on. I mean, statistically, we don't really know how often
large asteroids hit the Earth. But we know that a few hours ago, and the video is up
at infowars.com and prisonplanet.com, a large asteroid came into the atmosphere and looked
to me like a stone meteor, because those are the types that break up and explode like this,
with just dozens and dozens of sound waves being broken.
So you hear dozens and dozens of different sound barriers being broken, sonic booms,
absolutely spectacular. And it looks to me from the different videos and angles I've
seen, it is not just one meteor coming in. And the larger question is, is this part of
a spur? Because if you watch movies like Armageddon, they're actually accurate. And then a lot
of times, large asteroids got knocked out of the asteroid belt by some larger collision.
So there'll be a group of rocks, a group of smaller rocks, whether they're stone or whether
they're iron or nickel. And you hope for stone, because stone comes in, heats up, boils, has
gases inside of it, and they explode and break up. And that's what this looks like, sounds
like.
I took astronomy in school, in college, and was also an amateur astronomer on quite a
few telescopes. Back when I had a chance, I used to go out every clear night out of
the desert, outside Austin or out even Atlanta or Fredericksburg. So I know a little bit
about it. I did a lot of astrophotography of comets and planets and things back again
when I had time to do such things. And so I know a little bit about it. Obviously, we've
had, well, the shoemakers died in a car wreck, but I had Levy on, the scientists that helped
discover Shoemaker-Levy, the comet that hit, was it Jupiter? Or was it Saturn? Again, I
don't go, it's Jupiter. I go, I don't go off a teleprompter here. I had them on.
And until they documented that strike and other strikes, they thought that it was every
million years or so just dead reckoning that a large asteroid hits the Earth that could
cause a extinction-like level event. Now they estimate maybe every 100,000 or so. That's
why there's evidence of other human civilizations that we don't even know the names of. But
in fables, they're known as Atlantis. And people like Plato, who was pretty mainline
historian and philosopher, they report about Atlantis like it was absolutely well-known
that it existed. And they found a lot of ruins of cities and things in the Mediterranean
and the Atlantic, but it's been so eroded, they just know it's large stone blocks and
things that have been built. So undoubtedly, humans have been through a lot.
There was the famous case back at the turn of the last century when a large comet or
meteor, that's what they think. Some think it was an early atomic bomb test, just decimated
hundreds of square miles. So why does Russia keep getting the large impacts? That's another
question. So we're gonna be looking at all this after the break that is coming up today.
And all the news is up at infowars.com and prisonplanet.com on that front. Also, it is
set to pass the closest to the Earth, a little over 17,000 miles, around 1.30 Central, 2.30
Eastern today. We'll give you all of the exact numbers and more on the other side of this
quick break.
We've also got several big guests, very informative, a whistleblower and then Steve Mosher, who's
exposing the fact that if they reduce population, the entire global economy will collapse. Population
expert head is gonna be joining us, heads of a major organization, exposing that. We'll
be back, stay with us.
Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers. The prognosis for the entire planetary
economic system runs from bad to worse. The globalist model is to shut down societies
and starve patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover. That's why we've assembled
the most vital and important preparedness items at infowarsshop.com. These are items
that I did research on, that I personally use.
You've got the LifeStraw, so you can turn fetid water into safe water anywhere you go.
The Ktor hand crank generator to charge up key equipment during power outages or out
in the field. Strategic Relocation, third edition by Joel Skousen. When disaster strikes
by Matthew Stein. TheraSafe used by Homeland Security to protect yourself during any radiological
event. Hand crank shortwave AM-FM radios. Everything that we've researched and found
to be the best is available at infowarsshop.com and your purchase makes our info war possible.
We're getting prepared. Are you? Infowarsshop.com.
It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus can inflict severe
damage in the human body. Fortunately, a new and fastly improved silver solution has been
developed. Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary broad spectrum antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal
solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin. Supernatural Silver
is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers. Using a patented technology that
is highly effective against coals, flus, infections, food poisoning and yeast in addition to many
other pathogens. Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe and is the number
one choice of thousands of people for immune system support. Find out how Supernatural
Silver could change your life. Go to SupernaturalSilver.com and use the promo code healthy for 20% off.
Ask SupernaturalSilver.com and like us on Facebook. You may be arrested and or subject
to other police action. Tyranny is here. The grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality.
It really says that the state is God. The United States is now recognized globally as
one of the most oppressive police states on earth. This film conclusively proves the existence
of a secret network of FEMA camps now being expanded nationwide. This documentary exposes
how the continuity of government program has established an all powerful shadow state.
Police state four chronicles the sickening depths to which our republic has fallen. Prepare
to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship, body scanners, sound cameras,
citizen spies, stage terror and cameras on every street corner. It's only the beginning
of the New World Order's hellish plan. The police state isn't coming. It's here. Secure
your copy today at Infowars.com or see it online in the highest quality at PrisonPlanet.tv.
Crashing through the lies and disinformation, it's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
DA14 reportedly going to cross the closest that any asteroid has ever come to the planet
Earth since man was able to track that in the last 60 to 70 years. So today, 2 24 Eastern
Standard Time, 2 24 p.m. Eastern Standard Time. Today, it is set to pass the closest
to the earth that any asteroid has ever been recorded to pass by the earth that did not
strike the earth.
This is not a movie. There is now more than 1000 people injured. We're only four or five
hours into this. Paul Watson at Infowars.com and PrisonPlanet.com has been absolutely on
top of this with the most in-depth posting and reporting along with drugs report dot
com that also has about 15 stories of the very latest posted up there.
Also, Russia shot down the meteor theory spreads online. We're reporting on that. I do not
believe they shot down a meteor coming in at 17,000 plus miles an hour. I have been
an amateur astronomer for a long time and even took a few classes in community college
on things and visited some of the big observatories.
I've had a lot of famous astronomers on like Levy of Shoemaker, Levy Discovery, the big
comet that ended up slamming into one of the gas giants and blowing holes in the side of
it larger than the planet Earth. They've proven that large asteroids hit heavenly bodies a
lot more often than what had previously been thought.
And we of course had the 1906 case of some type of large comment or piece of an asteroid
or 1908. How do you pronounce that? What happened at Tunguska in 1908 and it just hundreds of
square miles, huge crater, blew down trees for hundreds of square miles.
Why is it always Russia getting hit? Well, it's up there towards the North Pole for whatever
reason. They tend to be able to track even smaller stone meteorites and the nickel and
the iron meteorites coming in at the poles for whatever reason, there's something tying
into the poles and the gravitational pull and the rest of it.
But this is what we know right now. It appears from what I've studied and what I know and
watching literally hundreds and hundreds, well more than that, I've been in meteor showers
where hundreds come in in one night. So out of thousands of meteors I've seen come in,
you know what an iron or nickel one looks like.
They come in, they get bright red and they just keep burning and then disappear if they
burn up completely. Generally, they don't. That's why they're the more dangerous type
because they keep their mass and are able to accelerate. The stonies are more fun to
watch because you can have one come in the size of a school bus.
It heats up, turns blue and then explodes like a movie. And when you see this up in
the high desert and just shoots out hundreds of little meteors that you see come off of
it as it explodes. And that's what this looks like is a huge stony coming in. And best we
can tell, DA 14, the size of a football field that would be like thousands of megatons if
it was to hit the planet to make it all the way in.
It would definitely cause the temperature to go down for several years. It would throw
up tons of dust. NASA's got breakdowns of what it would do if it hit. And it again depends
what angle it came in, where it came in. But it would absolutely be something that would
change things big time.
Really amazing to see this going on, but here's the issue. A lot of times, large asteroids
like DA 14 is gonna be passing the Earth here in about two hours and 15 minutes. That is
2.24 Eastern Standard Time, that's 1.24 Central, that's 12.24 Mountain, that is 11.24 Pacific.
And you can adjust that for time zones around the world. And it is coming again, the closest
that any large asteroid to not hit the Earth has ever been recorded coming to the Earth.
We know that again, from satellites, they can now see thousands of large craters all
over the Earth that look just like the moon when the computers remove the foliage. You
can see giant impact craters basically all over the planet, just like the moon.
And so this is a regular occurrence. We are on a giant planet orbiting a standard sun
way out on the edge of the Milky Way galaxy. Out in our solar system is a huge asteroid
belt going all the way around the sun. And these things are colliding with each other.
Comets are running into each other and running into the asteroid belts and throwing off asteroids
that then are on their own, different types of orbits.
Some take them out for thousands of years, others orbit every few years. The point is
they are all over the place. If you look at the asteroid maps because of amateur astronomers
and also universities and governments tracking them, there's just a sea of rocks out there,
micrometeorites, you name it, just clouds of them.
And so generally when you have a large asteroid coming by, it's followed by spurs or pieces
of itself that got broken off when it was ejected out of the asteroid belt or even if
it came from out further past Pluto in the Kuiper belt. And so generally they have spurs
in front of them, beside them, behind them.
And it appears from the photographs, you can put one of these up for TV viewers, if not
just type into the search engine, the NSA search engine, Google or go to a Patriot site
like startpage.com and type in asteroid DA14 photo and it will show you radio telescope
scans of it in great detail.
And there is an image of it on screen and appears to be mainly a giant stone meteor,
which is good news. If it was to come into the atmosphere, it would undoubtedly heat
up, the gases trapped in the rock would boil, it would explode. But you just saw a small
piece, probably a vanguard of DA14 stony come in and blow up over an unpopulated, someone
unpopulated, sparsely populated, over 1,000 injured, they're reporting people in intensive
care.
Now they're reporting there may even be some deaths, we've got to track that, this is all
breaking right now. And so just to give you an idea how precarious life is, just like
I was saying last week, asteroids are a bigger threat than carbon dioxide from humans that
plants breathe. Sky News is reporting 900 plus, the Daily Mail is reporting 1,000 some
numbers.
There's more coming in all the time. This blew up outside a farming community town over
a rural area and has injured 1,000 people or more. Does that give you an idea? Just
a little piece, they're estimating that again, it was the size of a couple school buses maybe.
Can you imagine something 500 times bigger coming in? And that's a conservative estimate,
I mean, of DA14. It would come in, it would blow up and shoot spurs over a massive area.
And if it hit something like London or Chicago or New York or Tokyo or Peking or just Dallas,
Texas, it would undoubtedly kill tens of thousands of people conservatively.
And my only issue is I said, hey, I don't think it's gonna hit the Earth. But if there
was an asteroid coming to hit the Earth, NASA would be telling you don't worry about it.
It's just the instinct of government to always lie. Because what if it doesn't hit? What
if they're wrong?
What if they cause a panic and then they get the blame? So that's why they always keep
you in the dark. That's the mindset. So I said, probably isn't going to hit us. But
my issue is why aren't there deep orbit systems out there to destroy these?
The argument is, well, if you destroy it, it'll make a bunch of spurs that might not
have hit but now will hit. Or what do you do? Have a rocket that goes and lands on it
and then boosters it away from the planet, whatever. This is the real threat to the species.
But the globalists are all delusional, thinking they're gonna merge with machines and become
gods and all this stuff and they can't even run their own lives. They take our ingenuity,
our ideas, the general population's vigor, they extract it off and then declare themselves
ruler of Earth when they can't even control themselves.
And I mean, every day I see more than 10 articles where they're putting bacteria, virus, RNA
into plants, animals, splicing it, giving rise to super viruses, publicly releasing
the ingredients list for a couple $100,000 how to make a pox off the mouse pox that kills,
some estimates are 98% of the humans that come in contact. I just say around 90, well,
I guess it's lying is what it is.
People accuse me of exaggerating and generally what I catch myself doing is I know they say
that the mousepox in test of one of their mammal they designed it for, mice in one test,
it kills 97 to 98%. I mean, I know that number. I know that's been in the news. I know I've
covered it and I just say kills over 90%.
You see, I'm holding back and it's not even lying. It's just that I can't believe it's
happening. I can't believe that they would release how to do this while wanting to grab
my wife's breast or stick their hands down my pants if I wanna fly somewhere. And telling
me it's cuz of Al-Qaeda that the government publicly runs on the news now and is turning
over the Middle East too.
Because our government isn't our government. We've still got a lot of free people. We've
still got smart people. We've still got a lot of freedom left in the country. They're
trying to take over and phase all that out. They've got the central government. They've
got the private banking system. They've got the Federal Reserve. They're federalizing
things.
They're taking over the local police with Homeland Security. They're setting up their
rural councils with the Pentagon over it. They're NORTHCOM. They're taking over all
these other countries. They're taking over. People are like, well, why are you still on
the air? Because I saw it coming a long time before it got here, put the info out, got
laughed at.
Now it's happening. I have a lot of credibility. And so people are putting me on the air. Again,
they have to get the general public to follow the script and buy into the hoax to go along
with it. If we wake up to it, it won't happen. But you've got to admit fraudulent dangerous
criminals using psychological warfare techniques are in control and want to make us poor so
we can never resist them again.
You've got to admit we're in trouble to get out of the trouble. You've got to admit you're
an alcoholic and stop being an alcoholic. You know, just same thing. We'll be right
back.
You land in Buenos Aires, then a shuttle to Santa Rosa, where a nicely furnished cabin
with all amenities, Wi Fi, executive food and wine and laundry service awaits. After
a good night's sleep, your adventure begins. You're on a golden stag safari for big game.
But it's not Africa. It's Argentina. One on one guided hunts for water buffalo, booger,
bighorn rams, wild boar, and the biggest stag deer in South America. All gold medal quality,
all the action you can handle. Land Rovers, top rental guns with scopes, all food, beverages,
hunting guides, ground transportation included and more, all more affordable than you can
imagine. The adventure of a lifetime starts at goldenstagsafaris.com. The big game hunting
ranch, goldenstagsafaris.com.
All in love with food storage savings this February at BePrepared.com. Going on now BePrepared.com
saves you over $300 with a premium 1600 one year supply including 126 cans of freeze dried
and dehydrated food or get the new gourmet 14 day food supply with a full 2000 calories
per day with pre planned menu. Stroganoff and noodles are 20% off with purchase of six
or more. Mountain House pork chops are back in stock at 34% off. Pack your own low moisture
foods with our new do it yourself super pale combo on sale at 22% off. Add to your preparedness
with minor surgery kits at 15% off and wool blended blankets are only $11.89. The February
fall in love with savings sale ends February 28th at BePrepared.com. For contents and details
visit BePrepared.com or call 800-999-1863. The choice is clear. Be unprepared or BePrepared.com.
I lost 18 pounds in just four days. Hi, I'm James Zetta. If you're like me, you've already
tried and failed at many diet and weight loss plans. The 18 and four weight loss plan requires
no exercising, no diet pills or additives, no laxatives, no meal replacements and no
diet drinks. The 18 and four program is crystal clear with a day to day step by step and meal
to meal guide. If you're not satisfied with your results, I will give you my 30 day full
money back guarantee. Go to 18 and four.com. That's the number 18 I n the number four.com.
We the people grow cotton, we fabric engraving embed strips and fibers to protect from counterfeit
and carting to a private bank having a lead back at interest forcing taxes to service
debt. This capitalism or was Jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing the public
currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than a standing army. Hi Ted
Anderson I'm placing a free silver dollar in a book that explains our monetary system
call for your copy 800-686-2237. It's time to understand the system call 800-686-2237.
That's 800-686-2237 is your immune system under siege, allergies and crippling immune
diseases are on the rise. vaccines, radiation and GMOs lead the charge against your health.
Fortunately, health conscious consumers are enlisting the help of RNA drops. RNA drops
turn on the signals and switches in virtually every cell of your body to activate what science
calls your junk DNA. RNA drops provide you with the ammunition you need to win the war
on disease, pain, depression and decline. Hear hours of testimonials from people just
like you at RNA free sample.com. That's RNA free sample.com and order a free one month
supply of RNA drops. Pay only shipping and handling at RNA free sample.com or call toll
free 888-577-3703. That's 888-577-3703 or visit RNA free sample.com.
We've got Al Gore on Ellen DeGeneres show talking about chemtrails and basically admitting
it's going on. That reports up at info wars.com prison wanted calm. It's also linked on the
mighty drugs report.com. We're going to get into the economic news central banks by most
gold since 1964. Soros said to make 1 billion since November on yen bet. We're going to
be getting into what's happening on that front and look, I don't think this asteroid is going
to hit us.
My point was is that if the government says don't worry, nothing to worry about, that's
when I start worrying because it is the closest 17,000 miles that an asteroid has ever been
recorded coming by the earth that didn't hit the earth. Russia shot down the meteor. Theory
spreads online wild hypothesis include kinetic bombardment weaponry aimed at Russia by US
and as sexy as that is and all over the news and we did an article about it.
It's a stone meteorite blowing up that that's what they do. Rock has gas trapped in it.
And when it comes in and heats up really fast, you know, it's coming in at 1720,000 miles
an hour, depending on how fast they can come in up to 30,000 miles an hour and they hit
the atmosphere.
They heat up and then they the steam starts coming out basically and they explode and
that's what this looks like. It comes in, it explodes and it's probably a tiny spur
because DA 14 appears to be a stone meteorite as well. And that's good if DA 14 or its other
spurs hit the planet Earth.
They are stonies, it appears, and will blow up and not be as deadly. What you wanna worry
about is a nickel meteorite being a piece of an asteroid or an iron meteorite coming
in off an asteroid. And let me tell you, if that happens, you've got big problems because
of that would have been a iron or nickel piece of an asteroid coming in as a meteorite.
It would have been absolutely that much more devastating. It would have hit and it had
incredible kinetic energy and just blown a gigantic crater and been even more devastating.
Most of the explosion is dissipated. It appears at about 10,000 feet up in the atmosphere
where it explodes.
So again, and I'm just putting generalities out there as a layman who studied this a bit,
but what I'm saying is also being reported on by NASA and others here in my stack. Again,
this is not a movie. NASA, the Chronicle, close Earth flyby of asteroid. It's supposed
to come out about 124 Central, 224 Eastern, DA 14.
We're getting the first images now of DA 14. Now that it's gotten close enough, we're able
to see what DA 14 looks like via radio telescopes. And if you look at that with DA 14, you can
see stars and other things. You can see other things moving along with DA 14 if you watch
the pixelation of what appears to be a radio telescope, a false telescope in Australia.
So all very, very interesting. And again, we don't know it's a stone meteorite. I'm
just guessing because it's spur appears to have been a stone meteorite. All the latest
news at info wars.com and prisonplanet.com.
And we will be on air today at 1 23 Central Standard Time when it makes the closest pass
to the Earth. But it's already very, very close to the Earth right now traveling at
over 17,000 miles an hour. So we will continue to track all of that over 1,000 people injured
now that is now being reported.
And ancient asteroid strike in Australia changed the face of the Earth. A strike from a big
asteroid more than 300 million years ago, they don't even know when it was, they just
say that. Left a huge impact zone buried in Australia and changed the face of the Earth,
which are set on Friday. They think they can tell because of strata, where they could study
the different particles that come off the asteroid.
The dust in the greenhouse gases released from the crater, the seismic shock and the
initial fireball would have incinerated large parts of Earth, said Andrew Lickson, a visiting
fellow at the Australian National University. The asteroid was bigger than 10 kilometers,
six miles in diameter, while the impact zone itself was larger than 200 kilometers, 120
miles, the third largest impact zone in the world.
The greenhouse gases released would stay in the atmosphere for tens of thousands a year.
Oh, how horrible the plants would breathe it. But genetic engineering, that's no problem.
Any matter bombs they're building, no big deal.
The discovery was made after another researcher alerted Lickerson to some unusual mental deposits
at the East Warburton base in South Australia. And it goes over all of it right there. Yes,
yeah, I hadn't even read the whole article. I knew it would be a mineral deposit, so they
could tell. Okay, will be. I'm smart. I'm joking. I think I'm noxious. Yeah, I wouldn't
hold your breath, folks. The asteroid, who knows, though? The government could shut off
a bunch of nukes and say it was an asteroid and take our rights. I mean, you know, you
never know what they'll do because they're so criminal. They're so conniving. The globalists
are so sickening.
We're on the march. The Empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network. Introducing
Pro One. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more do you have two
or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts out the sodium
fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine. Hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at Infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your
arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for
intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new do it yourself home security system that is
completely wireless. Go to getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely
customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed.
Getsimplisafe.com SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to
install yourself in under 20 minutes. So there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't
always at home but SimpliSafe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven
days a week. Again, that's getsimplisafe.com. There's an old saying in Tennessee, I know
it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee, that says, fool me once, shame on me, shame on
you. Fool me, we can't get fooled again. He aligns himself with the truth and it's time
for you to choose a side. You're listening to Alex Jones.
All right, we had a whistleblower call in about a week and a half ago talking about
looking as a military nurse and seeing him put all the people on the psychotropic drugs
and how crazy they were going and the violence it was causing. She's gonna pop in for about
20 minutes in the next hour, then we're gonna have open phones. Steve Mosher, you may have
seen those graphic pieces online on YouTube where they show the factual numbers on population.
And the fact that if we reduce our population, society will totally collapse. We've at least
got to have 2.2 children on average because you have to have that number just to continue
to have the social security and a society under the old people to have an ordered human
system.
See, the globalists wanna just wreck that as part of an economic warfare program. So
Steve W Mosher, internationally recognized authority on China and population issues as
well as acclaimed author speaker, has worked tirelessly since 1979 to fight coercive population
control programs and has helped hundreds of thousands of women and families worldwide
over the years.
He's been all over 60 minutes, 2020, you name it. We worked hard to get him here on the
show and they've put together the website pop.org that exposes at the Population Research
Institute the amazing little cartoon films that show the numbers. We're gonna be playing
some of those today when he joins us as well in the third hour.
The myth of overpopulation, it's that the countries haven't been industrialized. And
we're gonna be breaking all that down. Certainly there are areas of compact poor, like in India
in places where it's absolute squalor. Or they'll show you a war in Africa where one
tribe's been driven out from an area that's furtive and has a lot of farmable agriculture
belts into the desert.
And then you see them starving to death and children being eaten by vultures. I love how
they don't help the children being eaten by vultures, the National Geographic people,
they just show them dying. Don't get involved with the natural order of things, even though
the West is generally funding rebels in the area to help destabilize things.
And that's all on record as well. So Afrikaan can invade. So that is just some of what's
coming up on that front. I do want to open the phones up right now. It's 800-259-9231,
800-259-9231. We are selling out very, very quickly of the Infowars February issue of
the magazine Why the Tyrants Want Your Guns, 60 page, glossy, full of graphics, full of
documentation. It's the equivalent of a book.
And you can buy these in bulk of groups of 10 up to 100 at cost and give them to your
friends and family. Great way to wake people up. And inside it's got the big poster of
come and take it with the Texas flag with an AK-47 variant with the right to keep and
bear arms written inside the gun. Great way to hang these up around town in legal and
lawful areas.
You just take it right out of the middle of the magazine and get the word out. So buy
100 of them. That's 100 of these posters you can put up around town. See how the gun grabbers
like that? Boy. Anyways, that doesn't really support the broadcast. It supports liberty
and freedom and warns people. It's like our forebears did back in 1776. They used pamphlets
to get the word out.
How you do support us is getting great deals on things like pro pure water filtration,
stainless steel with the pro one knocks out the fluoride and the hydrofluorosolic acid.
None of the competitors can do that all in one filter and 10% off with promo code water.
It is the lowest price out there for the pro pure pro one systems period.
We recently had the owner of the company here in town. We're going to air interview. We
did with him later this week, but we have the lowest prices anywhere. 10% off with promo
code water info war store.com or call with the promo code 888-253-3139 888-253-3139.
And you can also write to us at P.O. Box 19549, Austin, Texas 78760. And don't forget you
can get 11 memberships. This is technically you get yours and then 10 extra. So I was
plugging 10. They said, well, it's actually 11 point is 11 memberships for five ninety
five a month. That's less than fifty nine cents a month per person. You go use a username
passcode that's unique, not something that you use for your bank account or something.
Create your own username passcode with simple name and passcode and then give it as an e-card
to friends and family.
I think you can probably give it to like 20, 30 people. And the only way they'll get locked
out is if all of them try to dial in at once, then it won't let you do that. That's 11 people
simultaneously. And have you went in there and got locked out because more people are
using it? So what? That's the goal. And we've got special rants, special reports, all my
films, my book, Paul Watson's book, both out of print, 17 years of material.
It's almost been up 10 years. That's Prison Planet Dot TV, Prison Planet Dot TV. See the
nightly news live. We've been doing it live the last two weeks. We're keep doing that
for a while. Seven o'clock every night. I see the video of the daytime radio show, Prison
Planet Dot TV or Infowarsnews.com. It is all there.
And again, that's not really a way to support us so much cuz with 11 memberships, the price
of one, we just gauge better servers, better bandwidth, better pricing. It doesn't screw
the side up now to have that many people on it. Basically, just get a pass that then 11
people can use.
We've been turning it up and up and up because our goal is just to reach people. So again,
Operation Sleeping Giant, get a prisonplanet.tv membership today. It takes about a minute.
Help us pay for the bandwidth and then put it on cards. Hey, here's your free videos,
book site, documentary film site. It's got so much, folks. Here it is and just give it
to them.
Check out this super good documentary site, this live real news site. Forbidden News here,
check it out. And that's how we're going to get more people to awaken and I wanna commend
everyone out there that has been doing that. Again, the toll free number to join us, 800-25-99231.
If you just joined us, ladies and gentlemen, at 224 Eastern, that's 124 Central. Coming
up today, the large asteroid DA14 is set to pass about 17,000 miles from the Earth.
And we have a report out, Russia shot down the meteor theater. Again, Russia shot down
the meteor theory spreads online. That is a infowars.com report with all the different
videos and information there, the local Russian news reporting on this.
And then we also have the other reports out. Russian lawmaker denies meteorite claims US
weapons test. Sure looks like a large meteorite to me. Also, sonic boom from Tin Tongue Rock.
Well, yeah, when you listen to the videos, maybe we should cue one of those up and play
it for radio listeners.
You hear, boom, boom, boom, boom, but I've heard sonic booms. The Air Force flying around
Dallas and Austin in my life, you've all heard them. Boom, boom, boom, if they're far off,
boom, they're close, it's deafening. Boom, but it's boom, boom, boom, goes on for like
a minute. Boom, boom, boom, boom.
And again, if you go over to infowars.com, let me go over there. Watson's got his article
about it, and that's the one massive explosion, sonic booms caught on camera, astonishing
footage from the impact site, the Russian meteor, that's all posted at infowars.com.
Russia shot down the meteor theory spreads online. Did Russia shoot down meteor, Russian
meteor shower linked to DA 14. That's the one where you can really hear the sonic booms
is that video. There's just so many of these, it's all just information overload, but it's
all up at infowars.com and prisonhall.com, here it is.
Really broadcasting Russian cuss words. I mean, no doubt, over 1,000 people are injured
now, the number just keeps going up. They say around 1,000, but more coming in, and
it is pretty amazing. There's footage I'm looking at right here, guys, punch up my screen
that shows smoking buildings.
I mean, this is bad. Yeah, this is the one that's got the sonic booms on it. I was watching
these this morning. We'll find some of those and play them for you. Yeah, this one's got
sonic booms right here. It's this one right here, guys. This one has the sonic booms,
we're gonna share them, just go boom, boom, boom. Pretty amazing. Again, infowars.com,
prisonplanet.com, all covering that, and drudgereport.com, it has also got a wide spectrum of reports
on that, also carrying our report on it.
And also carrying, Al Gore talks about chemtrails on Ellen's show. That video's up there, we'll
be playing that here today. But as promised, let's go to some of your phone calls. Let
me just recap. DA14 is set to come by the Earth at the closest an asteroid's ever been
recorded to come by the Earth, it hasn't hit at 17,000 plus miles an hour.
At 123 Central, 223 Eastern, that'd be 1223 Mountain, 1123 Pacific. And I think this is
probably part of that spur, looks like a stone meteorite just exploding. You can see the
stone fragments from the naked eye from what I see.
There are some Russians, some Russian members of the government saying that they believe
it is a weapons test. And you never know anymore how crazy the globalists are. I mean, they
did attack Russia on 888 in South City, in Abkhazia, in Georgia. And our media said Russia
had attacked them.
I'm no fan of the people running Russia by any long recent imagination. But yeah, here's
some of the sonic booms. But if they'd staged that, they'd staged anything. It's like Larry
Pratt said, they staged Fast and Furious, they could have staged Aurora.
Man, listen to that. There's a big explosion. And then obviously, and you hear more from
a meteor shower coming in behind it. Other aftershocks, listen to this. Now, you could
argue that that's it hitting houses and things which did get hit. But it sounds like sonic
booms, what I've heard, one of jets five miles away and you hear that boom, boom, boom. Pretty
spectacular.
Again, we care what Hollywood people are doing. Sure, some of them are interesting. I'm not
saying it's bad to be into a Hollywood star or something. The point is, is that, or Kato,
I'm not saying that's evil. There's nothing wrong with swim chute, polar chutes. The whole
point is, is that there's a whole universe around you, comets and asteroids and meteors
coming in and meteorites you can find and just so much magic out there. So many undiscovered
places in the world they're finding, so many species they're finding every day.
So many things, new types of matter they're discovering, new elements they're discovering.
And instead, a tiny group of technocrats, greedy control freaks have gotten in control
worldwide, no matter whether it's the communist Chinese, the Russians or the US government.
And they're basically fighting with each other for power, but all agreeing on whatever the
latest technology is to suppress the people. And I just wanna empower humanity cuz I like
my children.
And I like your children. I want, I mean, who doesn't look at children on a playground
playing and want them to not die in car wrecks and want them to not ever use drugs and want
them to never have a bad life or be hurt? I mean, I just, and I guess that's sappy to
modern people that are just into being totally selfish, mindless, violence is cool.
Or they're these fake control freak liberals who act like they care about everybody, but
really it's all about them being in charge. Why is it that really cool, smart, powerful
people never wanna be in charge and just wanna be happy and left alone? And would be embarrassed
to try to dominate or trick people. And then it's always manipulative, twisted little nobodies
that have enough smarts to learn how people work.
And think just because they know that, that it gives them a right to go around messing
with people all day. I mean, it's offensive. It's offensive, say when a cop pulls you over
and starts asking about guns, drugs and things. And I go, do I match the description of somebody?
No, you even know who I am, don't you? You do. You're just messing with me. You're just
exercising power. You are pathetic. You are a joke. You are a nobody. You are a disgrace.
You are the spirit of North Korea. You are the spirit of the corrupt police of Mexico.
You are the spirit of every tyrant that's ever walked the face of the earth. You are
so empty inside that you wanna come and dominate somebody else to make you feel big, buddy.
But there's all sorts of innocent people being dominated and hurt out there that need a hero
and somebody to protect them. And instead, you think drugs should be legalized? Yeah,
because your boss is shipping in.
They keep it illegal to make higher prices. Tell me, are there more drugs on the streets?
Yeah, roughly triple the heroin, double the cocaine since the big drug war started in
the 80s. You know that, don't you? You know it's a business and you know the government's
dealing with drugs. So stop acting like you don't know what's going on, Mac.
I don't mean to go off on a jag about cops. It's the petty bureaucrat behind the counter.
It's the petty bureaucrat in corporations. It's the weird homeowners association, people
that have ugly yards but then gripe at you cuz your flag's one inch too big hanging off
your front porch.
People that are jokes who need to be put back in their place right now. Excuse me. Chet
in New York. Chet, how are you doing, Chet?
Brother Alex, hey, I love it when you get into the rants. I've kind of been that way
all my life too. So yeah, sometimes you just can't control it because the evil Luciferian's
running everything.
That was gonna bring up Mr. Gorey, Al Gore, cuz you mentioned him. He's out there floating
about, I guess, on the talk show circuit about chemtrails.
Yeah, a man bear pig.
I came up with a new scenario for him with my tinfoil hat on because people like us,
we can't think of things to mock them back with cuz they wanna kill us all.
So what, the asteroid's really a alien spacecraft coming to pick him up?
Well, yeah, I think he's probably got some of that notion after he drinks blood, but
I think he's gonna say he's steered it away to save humanity. And that considering he's
got the biggest carbon footprint on Earth, I gave him a code name, Godzilla.
I agree, Godzilla. Can you imagine the methane footprint when he goes to the bathroom?
My God, I was thinking this song too with, it's like, no, they got the human soul.
He wants a tax on all cows for their flatulence. I mean, that guy needs a tax.
I just want a day plan.
Al Gore, he invented the stool tax. He actually is one of the main pushers of that. He didn't
just invent the internet, he actually invented the stool tax.
Like you say, he's gonna steer the universe away soon.
I'm telling you, he's such a beautiful human. All right, we'll be right back. Al Gore, the
sexiest man alive. You know he is. Just like fat bastard.
Your freedoms are on the line. The Second Amendment is in danger. How soon before your
freedoms are taken away? What can you not live without? What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns? Is it your home? No, it's food. It all boils down to the food supply.
Tyranical governments control people by controlling their food supply. Don't be dependent. Be
self-sufficient. Don't wait for the government to feed you, feed yourself. I can warn you,
but I can't feed you. Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from eFoods Direct.
It's the best long-term, storable food on the planet. Get the popular Mega Patriot Pack
free. A 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot, and fuel. Call 800-409-5633 or go
to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot Packs free with purchase.
Build your food supply, be in control, be self-sufficient, and be a patriot. Call 800-409-5633
or eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get your free Patriot Pack today.
Is this the year you finally get serious about your family's drinking water? If so, keep
listening for a special offer from Big Berkey Water Filters. Did you know that over 60 percent
of municipal water is fluoridated? Berkey Water Filters distinguish themselves from
many other filtration systems with the capability to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine,
fluoride, arsenic, and disinfection byproducts from municipal water via the black Berkey
and PF line of filters. Then there's affordability. At only 1.7 cents per gallon, Berkey Water
Filters purify treated and untreated water, even stagnant pond water. Stop and think how
much money you could save by simply reducing buying bottled water and using water filtered
by your Berkey Water Filter. No need to be constantly replacing expensive filters with
a Berkey. A single set of filters can last for 5 to 10 years. Choose the best size Berkey
for your needs at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com. And right now, all GCN listeners get 5 percent
off all ceramic filter systems. Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY. That's 877-99-BER-KEY. Or
visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com. Free shipping on every order over $50. Big Berkey Water
Filters, for the love of clean water. Hello, this is Ty Bollinger, author of the
bestselling book, Cancer Step Outside the Box. I want you to know some very important
information. In 1985, President Ronald Reagan requested that Carnivora be sent directly
to the White House at a time when only the President could obtain this world-class healer.
Now, 27 years later, Carnivora capsules are used around the world to keep people healthy.
Now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in this age of superbugs with 17 naturally
occurring compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal cells only without harming a single
normal cell. If you want to stay healthy, now's your chance to literally wake up your
critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders that don't belong in your body. Call 1-800-932-4200
or visit 1-866-VenusFly or order from Carnivora.com. That's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A dot com. That's 1-866-836-8735,
1-866-VenusFly or visit Carnivora.com. Protect your immune system. It's the only one you've
got. I'm telling you, if Al Gore had red hair, he would look like the character Fat Blieber
from Austin Powers. In fact, for TV viewers, we'll show you a shot of this behind the scenes
Al Gore before he went on The Ellen DeGeneres Show, before he went into makeup. Need a flatulence
tax for that guy. All right, that's enough. You know, getting serious here, there's a
bunch of other news. They just kind of get us used to it. They've now introduced bills
all over the country to physically ban all semi-autos and make you turn them in from
Washington State to Missouri. And they're still on the news going, we don't want your
guns, we're just going to ban them. We don't want your guns, we're just going to ban them.
Man, burn down that cabin, burn that cabin down does not mean burn it down. And everything's
fine. I mean, it's liberal for our government to run Al Qaeda and for Obama to, he said
he wouldn't raise taxes on anybody making less than a quarter million a year. He raised
taxes on people making $22,000 a year or more. But hey, you don't need that money out of
your paycheck. You know, you're getting 10 bucks an hour. And they took now a couple,
what is it? They're making 22,000. On average, you're getting, with the average deductions
on there, about 60 per paycheck taken out. You don't need that money. I mean, he told
you no new taxes on anybody. Not your payroll tax, not your, I don't do a very good Obama.
I can do a better Clinton.
Now listen here, I did not have sex with that woman Monica Lewinsky. The Drudge Report is
lying. Remember that was the Drudge Report's big story. I did not do that, okay? I don't
appreciate it. How dare you? How dare you do that to me?
Boy, Robert in California. Hey, it's only an hour or so until the asteroid comes. Everybody
better hail bop immediately, Robert.
How dare you? How dare you do that?
No, no, that worked good. For once somebody wasn't listening at the radio up and it was
like a 10, 15 second delay echo. I like that. Hello, Robert. Hello, Robert.
Hi there, how are you?
I'm good, hi, how you doing?
Very good, am I on the internet?
Hi, hi, hi, are you there?
Yes.
Hi.
Hi, you there?
Hello?
Hi.
Let me move my phone here.
I'm joking, man, I'm joking. Instead of getting mad by callers going, hello, hello, hello.
I'm just going to start doing that. I'm sorry, go ahead.
Yes, sir. I was calling about an incident here in San Francisco City College that they
pulled on me. This lady that works for Students Rights at the City College there, she filed
a false police report against me, said I was in the hallway screaming. I was going to blow
up the school and come back and shoot students.
How dare you?
Well, anyways, on my way, I went down to Los Angeles to meet with George Norrie. And just
about a half hour before the meeting, the United States Marshals came in and grabbed
me and called me away for this, and I didn't know what they were even talking about.
Well, no, no, no, that's the new thing. Not to say that you raped a woman, that's one
of the old favorites. Not all women do this, but it's been folks putting fake swastikas
on their dorms. I mean, how many times the woman saying black guys attacked her and carving
something on her face, and then a black lady did the same thing and said white guys attacked
her.
That's a famous classic thing to do. But now you just have a bubble gun, you get expelled,
or a water gun, you get arrested. But then meanwhile, they've got this new song out that
I'm gonna do a video on today, Harlem Shake, where it says, we are the terrorist, says
con los taristas, am I saying that right?
With the terrorist, with the terrorist, and Google has put a video out that they're with
the terrorist. I mean, if you say that in an airport, you go to, what's this peanut
butter? It's an explosive, that's it, five years in jail. But if you want to put out
a video going, I'm a terrorist, I'm a terrorist, it's fine. So did your case pop up in the
news, my friend?
Well, it only, when I was in jail, somebody told me they heard one quick bleep on it,
and that was it.
Well, thank God they arrested you. You know you're with Al-Qaeda, sir. We're gonna come
back and talk to you in a moment, then have our guest on. Stay with us, we'll be right
back.
This is GCN, the Genesis Communications Radio Network.
Alex Jones here with a very important announcement for Truth Seekers. We've carried a lot of
amazing films and books over the years on the online video bookstore at infowars.com.
And out of all the titles we've carried, one stands out because it is just so chillingly
convincing. And that's Dreams from My Real Father by Joel Gilbert, available at infowars.com.
This film exposes the fraud that Obama is like nothing I've seen. If you wanna know
who Obama's real daddy is, this is the film for you. Don't forget, your purchase supports
our broadcast and our growing media network. You'll also find it at infowarshop.com. None
Dare Call a Conspiracy by Gary Allen, the book that woke me up. We're also carrying
Behind the Green Mask, UN Agenda 21 by Rosa Corey. This book is coffin nails to the globalist
takeover. The Greater Good, the most professional and up-to-date film I've ever seen exposing
the scourge that is vaccines. These titles and a lot more are all available at infowarshop.com.
Waging war on corruption, Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. Big brother, mainstream
media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN
Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones. All right, we got a whistleblower
coming up in the next segment who we had pop on last week, but I wanted to get more from
her. We're gonna keep her name private for security reasons, but talk about the drugging
of trips. Very important. We'll get back into the meteor. Is it tied to DA14? That's set
to pass at about 123 Central today. That's about an hour and 23 minutes. We're gonna
be covering that. Al Gore on chemtrails, it's all coming up. But Robert, finish your point.
So somebody just said that you were gonna shoot up a college, I guess, and bomb some
people or something. What happened?
It wasn't just anybody. The name of the lady was Jane Will-
Let's not say her name cuz I don't know the story, sir. I mean, tell me what happened.
It's the people that represent students' rights that said this about me made the false report.
Yeah, well, Alan Dershowitz went on after I was on and said, that guy's dangerous. He
shouldn't have guns. He might shoot people. And then the next night, they said they wanted
to kill me on the show, Buzz Bissinger and Piers Morgan and others. I should have brought
up to Morgan, even though I promised to be nice to him. They let me behind stage and
to surprise him in South Texas two weeks ago, a week and a half ago.
I should have said, hey, why'd you say you wanna shoot me? But it didn't matter. I told
the gun shop owner, if he let me surprise him, I'd be nice to him. See, I shouldn't
have even, I shouldn't have gone down there. I shouldn't have promised, if I could surprise
him, that I'd be nice cuz then I kept my promise, which I think was immoral.
Not immoral to keep the promise, immoral not to confront Piers Morgan again, but whatever.
Whatever, I kicked his butt. That's why he had invited me back on to get record ratings.
Okay, so what happened to the school? You're like a constitutionalist or something and
said you disagree with somebody and then they said this? What are you alleging?
No, this is a great big story. I have 30 pounds of documents that goes with it and nobody
will investigate this woman for what she did to me. The police went to my house. I've been
a hunter since 1970.
You're an evil person.
And so I owned a lot of firearms.
But just tell us the story like you had 60 seconds. Where were you? What happened?
Well, I was in Los Angeles meeting with George Morry when the United States marshals came
and got me.
All right, listen, listen, I need to know the story. Well, let's try one more time.
George Morry, coast to coast, AM host, university, woman, police, just talk to me like I'm five
years old. What happened? Well, they came and arrested me for the false report and-
False report where? False report how?
The report was made in San Francisco by this woman at San Francisco City College. She works
for the college.
Is that where you go to school?
Well, I was trying to go to school. I just signed up for a new semester and it was within
two weeks after the semester started when I went to the student's rights office to talk
to him about a problem.
And then I went there the next day. The gentleman that I went to speak to wasn't there. His
secretary was.
Did you say anything threatening?
No, there was another woman present with her the whole time. See, the thing that she made
the report on me about did not happen.
I don't know the story. I don't know the person. You should file then a report that she made
a false police report. That's a felony, if it's true.
I can't get anybody to help me. Nobody will help me here in this community.
So have they dropped the charges against you?
No, no, it's very complicated. I'd like to, I'm almost ready to, I'd like to talk to one
of your investigators and show them my document.
And here's the deal. We barely have time. We're working, usually it's about seven, eight
at night here. And we're totally overwhelmed just covering the news. And everybody thinks
we can help when the government takes your kids for no reason, or we can help when somebody
sets you up or we can help.
Sometimes we can take a case and help somebody if it's right there and we know we've got
them. But, you know, places like California, even though we're on a lot of affiliates there,
a lot of nice people there, the state's really evil. I mean, you might as well live in North
Korea. So, you know, I say push the trial, don't plea bargain, whatever they've made
up and bring in that woman as a witness, everything, they'll drop it if it didn't happen.
And I'm sorry. Look, they're saying gun owners should all just be locked up in mental institutions.
They teach at these colleges that all sex is rape, that men are bad. Okay. That families
are bad. These are cuckoos.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing
a full selection of silver based products. Our most popular silver based products are
the 32 ounce nano silver solutions, our two ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well
as our all natural silver soaps. Just released is our 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver
gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and leave the silver
at the surface. But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing
chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the
silver more effectively. Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver
based products are best for you. That's www.silverlungs.com.
Your freedoms are on the line. The Second Amendment is in danger. How soon before your
freedoms are taken away? What can you not live without? What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns? Is it your home? No, it's food. It all boils down to the food supply.
Tyrannical governments control people by controlling their food supply. Don't be dependent. Be
self-sufficient. Don't wait for the government to feed you, feed yourself. I can warn you,
but I can't feed you. Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from e Foods Direct.
It's the best long term, storable food on the planet. Get the popular Mega Patriot Pack
free, a 24 day supply of food plus stove, cook pot and fuel. Call 800-409-5633 or go
to efoodsdirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot Packs free with purchase.
Build your food supply, be in control, be self-sufficient and be a patriot. Call 800-409-5633
or efoodsdirect.com slash Alex and get your free Patriot Pack today.
It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus can inflict severe
damage in the human body. Fortunately, a new and vastly improved silver solution has been
developed. Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary broad spectrum antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal
solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin. Supernatural Silver
is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers using a patented technology that is
highly effective against colds, flus, infections, food poisoning and yeast in addition to many
other pathogens. Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe and is the number
one choice of thousands of people for immune system support. Find out how Supernatural
Silver could change your life. Go to supernaturalsilver.com and use the promo code healthy for 20% off.
Visit supernaturalsilver.com and like us on Facebook.
If Congress won't act soon to protect future generations, I will.
Crashing through the lies and disinformation, it's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are back live.
Again, thank you so much for joining us on the worldwide broadcast today. And we are
going to be taking your phone calls here in about 15 minutes. Now, going over some of
the news, obviously, we're going to be covering the fact that some in Russia are saying that
that large meteor that blew up over a somewhat unpopulated area but still injured over a
thousand people might have been some type of US weapon.
They have members of their government saying that. I think that's pretty ridiculous. Looks
like a big stone meteor exploding to me. That's what stone meteors do. The people ignorant
of how meteors behave might actually believe that. And of course, some are saying, and
I think it has a lot of credibility that could be tied to DA 14 that is the closest passing
meteor in our recorded history since they've been able to actually pick up these objects
last 50 or 60 years.
And a lot of times these asteroids have a group of smaller rocks traveling with them
from whatever event happened in the asteroid belt or outside the solar system in the Kuiper
belt or on the edge of the solar system. Generally, other collisions cause the larger rocks to
be thrown out along with debris. And it's 17,200 miles away traveling a little over
17,000 miles as well inside the satellite belt with a geosynchronous orbit.
And if other spurs are traveling beside it or behind it, this one was traveling in front
of it, you can look for some more action. It's set to pass the closest to the Earth
that it will at 17,200 miles away in about an hour and 15 minutes or at 2.24 Eastern
Standard Time today, 1.24 Central Standard Time today.
We're also gonna get into Al Gore talks about chemtrails on the Ellen show, weather modification.
Very, very important. The fact that the entire government knows about this and is running
with the UN, they even have the treaties, a global weather manipulation program. And
then when we talk about it to act like it doesn't exist, it's like, no, we never said
burn down Dorners cabin.
Burn that house down, burn that cabin down does not mean burn it down. Place the burners,
okay, the fire is set. Okay, we have a fire, it's burning down. Good job, great job. That
doesn't mean we burned it down. These aren't the droids you're looking for, move along,
move along. Again, Bill Clinton did not have sex with that woman.
And Obama is a Peace Prize person and he's a libertarian too, banning the Bill of Rights
and Constitutions, warrantless wiretapping, secret arrest, trillions in banker bailouts
to his friends, billions to fake energy companies, massive tax increases on the poor, setting
up death panels, but it's loving, it's loving.
Now shifting gears for this segment, Sandy called in on the Sunday show and I wanted
to get her back on because it's on record they put combat troops on psychotropics and
other anti-psychotics and very dangerous drugs that are linked to mass suicide, death, megalomania,
activity like that. And she joins us to talk about that as a nurse who was in theater multiple
times.
And again, she's a whistleblower, but everything she's saying is already confirmed. It's just
good to hear it directly from someone that witnessed it. But to put combat troops under
incredible stress who served a whole bunch of tours on drugs that make you snap and kill
people and commit suicide.
That's why you're getting 22, one of the biggest reasons, 22 suicides a day of veterans in
active duty. I mean, it's just an all time record and it's accelerating. And that's why
most of the mass shooters have been on these drugs because it puts you into a almost sleepwalking
hallucinogenic state, it's on record.
They're in the hallucinogen class, and that's just the serotonin reuptake inhibitors, the
SSRIs and the SRIs and some of the others. And she just called in on the Sunday show,
I wanted to get her on as an actual guest, just to spend a few minutes breaking down
exactly what she witnessed when in Iraq and other areas.
And so Sandy, thank you for coming on. Tell us a little bit about yourself, where you
were, what you witnessed and some of the stories that we didn't have time to talk about on
the Sunday show.
I was in Iraq and Afghanistan, and I was in the reserve. Of course, I'm a nurse licensed
private practice, but I was activated and took to Afghanistan for a year and worked
there in the clinics and in the hospital there that they have for the troops. And the troops
put on deployment. They are put on deployment with psych drugs, and if you're not on psych
drugs, when you are deployed and you have any type of problem, they're going to put
you on serotonin uptake drugs or any of these types of dangerous drugs. And like you said,
in the past, being on these types of drugs would ban you completely from the military.
I know I've been in for over 18 years, but now they're not only accepted, they're encouraged
and they're being prescribed for military troops.
And when did it change?
Frontline.
I'm sorry, start over and say that again, I interrupted you. You were saying that they're
also frontline troops on it.
Yeah, that's what's really disturbing about it. We've got frontline troops on sometimes
two to three different types of drugs, psych drugs. It's dangerous. These drugs are dangerous.
They create a false reality. If you studied drugs at all, you would know that all of these
type of drugs, they all affect one area or some type of area in the brain, either the
dopamine or epinephrine or the endorphin receptors. And that area of the brain is rewarding punishment
and pleasure.
So they're definitely trying to control behavior. These drugs are behavior controlling drugs.
But the question is, what type of behavior are they trying to control?
Now let me ask you a few questions. Following the news, it was about 10 years ago that they
stopped not taking people who'd been on Ritalin as children. And then people who'd been under
psychiatric care, they started accepting them to the military.
They accelerated getting illegal aliens out of Eastern Europe and also Latin America to
actually go there and recruit them there and come sign them up to kind of make a foreign
military. It was about 10 years ago that I saw this change. And it's also about 10 years
ago we see the uptake in suicide and now it's admittedly at epic proportions, but the media
doesn't care.
Let's have a big parade for a dead veteran. Let's get them some free phone cards. But
hey, nobody's worried about them using DU, nobody being shot up with all the vaccines
or putting them on all these drugs. And now I've read articles in Wired Magazine and others
where they're testing all sorts of other drugs on whole units.
They're not just putting them on Prozac type drugs, they're putting them on amnesiacs after
combat. They've got literally mind control doctors now operating in plain view cuz they
found if they load the C-130s in front of everyone with opium, it's like, okay, the
government deals the opium, big deal. Okay, if we put them all on Halcyon after combat,
what's the big deal?
I mean, break down when you saw this starting because you've been in 18 years and now is
it accelerating? What about the reports of the mass drugging with other drugs? What's
going on?
I've just noticed this in the past three to four years that they've started this push
on site drugs. What people don't understand is, remember Art Linkletter's daughter who
jumped out of a high-rise building to her death because she thought she could fly? She
was on PCP and animal tranquilizers, also known as Angel Dust. They don't get rid of
these dangerous drugs just because they have these problems with them. What they do is
they take one molecule out or add one molecule in and then they change the name. Now PCP,
Angel Dust, is now called Katamine and it's a legitimate drug and people are being given
it as a site drug. I mean, this stuff causes amnesia.
No, I know, they're giving people, quote, ketamine, is the way I pronounce it, ketamine,
ketamine, and that's in the news, yeah. In fact, I saw where they're putting little kids
on ketamine, which is PCP, yeah, you're right.
And nobody's considering the fact that it's an amnesia and a hallucinogen.
Yeah, let's put the troops on PCP.
They can never remember that they did it.
So you're saying, you've seen them put troops on ketamine?
I know that it's happening. I'm not privy to all the medical records, but I know that
it is happening in the military. And I couldn't give out names even if I couldn't tell them.
Yeah, but exactly medical privacy things, which they then use to hide all this. But
I mean, really folks, think about it. Let's put combat troops on PCP. Gee, how is that
not a horrible idea?
It's crazy. I mean, even the lesser drugs all have problems because they all have this
receptor or they inhibit or enhance these receptors for the reward, punishment, and
pleasure. And when you're controlling behavior, there's only two ways to do it, reward and
punishment. So if you stimulate these areas and you tell somebody this is a good thing
to do and reward them with this drug, guess what they're going to do? Like laboratory
rats or skin rats in a cage.
Well, you really know your stuff. What are the other nurses and doctors saying? I mean,
is there a big revolt against this? There's been medical revolts against the smallpox
and anthrax shots that were killing people. It was the medical corps that got that defeated.
The American people didn't stand up to the troops being guinea pigs with illegal vaccines.
I mean, is there any resistance now by the medical staff?
We know what's going on, but we're locked down. I mean, one of the reasons it's not
just the drug, but it's the way that the troops are being treated over there. I mean, before
you even go over there, you have to sign all these privacy statements. You have to under
law that that would be treason if you said anything that was going on. And of course,
everything is classified now, so we can't come out and say, we can say, yeah, it's going
on.
And they're now arresting whistleblowers. Stay there, we're going to come back one more
second with our guests. They're now arresting whistleblowers all over the place for reporting
torture and crime and theft because the criminals now run the government. This is how tyranny
takes over, folks. We'll be right back with our whistleblower guest, Sandy.
Digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins that bears repeating.
Digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins. And pro EM one daily
probiotic cleanse is the key to digestive health. Pro EM one is a powerful liquid probiotic
strong enough to cleanse gentle enough to use every day. Pro EM one is dairy wheat and
soy free contains all natural and certified organic ingredients contains no preservatives
or animal products supports a healthy digestive and immune system supports weight loss improves
absorption of food nutrients aids in controlling yeast infections is never freeze dried and
uses three groups of live viable beneficial microbes to cleanse and remove toxins. Order
pro EM one daily probiotic cleanse at tereganics.com spelled t e r a g a n i x.com tereganics.com
or call toll free 866-369-3678. That's 866-369-3678. Pro EM one the raw probiotic social unrest
food shortages, political turmoil, EMPs, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, fires, riots, flooding.
It's not a matter of it but when what if it happened right now? Would you have the supplies
to survive off the grid off the grid.com is the place to go for the widest selection of
survival supplies at rock bottom prices. Head over to off the grid.com for survival kits,
first aid supplies, dried food, water filters and purifiers, gas masks, solar and crank
radios, solar generators, ammo, knives, stun guns, pepper sprays, hats and bags, fire starters,
a library of books and a whole lot more. Get free same day shipping on all orders over
$75. Enter promo code radio at checkout and receive an additional 5% discount off our
already lowest in the industry prices. Off the grid.com proud to stand shoulder to shoulder
with you as we protect our constitution against all enemies foreign and domestic. Naggin constipation,
hemorrhoids or painful bowel movements. Have you considered your toilet posture? The colon
needs proper alignment for faster, more effective elimination. And that's exactly what you'll
get with a squatty potty, not a cleanse or a pill. The squatty potty is a healthy step
in the right direction is doctor recommended and starts at just 3495 call 855-628-1099
or go to squatty potty.com spelled S Q U A T T y potty.com squatty potty healthy colon
happy life. Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered why banks, stockbrokers
investment advisors won't talk about gold IRAs? They've been available since 1986 yet
the financial industry won't recognize the value of gold for your retirement. Gold is
outperformed paper investments yet no word about IRAs. If you would like to have gold
for your retirement call 800-686-2237. Don't get left behind by rising inflation and low
returns call 800-686-2237 secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237. Hey there, Frank
Bates here. Have you heard about the weird device that could wipe out 280 million Americans?
This is really scary stuff. Defense experts warn that this odd device poses the greatest
threat we've ever known. In fact, just a few weeks ago, former Speaker of the House Newt
Gingrich wrote an op-ed piece for the Washington Post warning about this deadly threat. I can't
believe that more people aren't talking about this. It may be because the liberals and the
government are trying to cover it up. That's why my friend just created a free video at
weirddevice.com that exposes this threat and blows the doors off the conspiracy. Go watch
the shocking video at weirddevice.com right now to discover exactly what it is plus discover
the number one way you and your family can survive this deadly attack. I'm not sure how
long this video will be online, so go to weirddevice.com before it's gone forever. Again, that's weirddevice.com.
For those that are patiently holding, but we've got the videos exclusive. Judicial Watch
breaks USDA training videos labeling pilgrims illegal aliens. You're not allowed to say
illegal aliens and the illegal alien was up before Congress saying, don't call me that
it dehumanizes me.
You're called illegal alien in Mexico if you come in from the US or Guatemala, and they
give you six months hard labor in open air, mosquito infested swamps. In fact, that's
even in the New York Times that Mexico has the most aggressive except for like North
Korea to illegal immigrants. I mean, they get your credit card info, they make your
family give them everything you've got, or they kill you.
The Mexican police and jail guards pour Tabasco sauce up your nose and shoot it up your nose
with a sprite until you tell your family to give them everything. And they have torture
factories. This is on record, by the way. But it's like, we need to be nice and take
unlimited illegal aliens from Mexico, and they can have babies for free and we'll pay
for it all.
See, my guest is holding and I'm already going off on this, but I'm an extremist. I don't
think we should give foreigners everything free while we go bankrupt, and the foreigners
vote to take our guns. And I think it's wrong to give the troops antipsychotic drugs that
actually make them psychotic while they're in combat. I think you're a little depressed,
Sergeant. Let me put you on drugs that the insert says it will make you kill people,
and then wonder why you start killing people or why you commit suicide.
Going back to our whistleblower, Sandy. Sandy, you've got the floor for the four or five
minutes we've got left. Tell people as a nurse in Afghanistan and Iraq, you say the last
four years or so, you've seen the mass drugging start. Kinda like until four years ago, every
drug insert said don't give pregnant women vaccines. They still say that, but they say
on the news, every woman needs more vaccines when you're pregnant.
Knowing it causes a miscarriage. It's like, let's be overkill, overdrive crazy, and see
how many people we can kill and hurt. And then when your kid gets brain damage from
the shots, they take your kid from you saying you beat them. I'm sorry, Sandy, go ahead
and finish up as a nurse what you witnessed.
Our mistake, I think, is putting too much trust in medical science. And medical science
doesn't know enough to brain to safely control these neurotransmitters and how they react
with human behavior. It's a deadly trial and error system with serious consequences
and we're human guinea pigs. Have you ever watched one of the commercials for the latest
and greatest pharmaceutical drugs? First you hear how great it is. Television actors show
you what a great time you're going to have if you take this drug. Then this soft, sexy
male or female voice starts listing all the dangerous side effects and every single time,
if you listen carefully, you will hear them say it will make the condition that you're
taking it for even worse. It's crazy.
It could cause mass murder, psychotic thoughts, suicide or death.
Yeah.
It's so sexy, baby. I'm sorry, go ahead.
No, it's all fake reality. It's a drug, it's super, it's not real. Anything can happen
within this type of environment when you are controlled entirely by drugs.
Ooh, Luvox, mass murder. Don't get me started on Freud because people, people take too much
stock with psychiatry. Father, the Freud of psychiatry, you know, he was a cocaine addict.
On record who was obsessed with his poo poo.
Oh yeah, he had mental problems and he related everything to sex, the oedipus complex, penis,
envy, phallic symbol. Freud didn't have any room to talk to that whole sensation.
Some of these psychiatrists locked up their kids until they died and published books how
they torture them to death. And then you've taught in class, oh, it's, was it skin or
the-
Freud had sex with his patients.
Well, obviously-
Freud had sex with his patients and most of them were prostitutes. That's where he got
all his research. They were sexually molested as children. He also was supposed to have
gradually had one homosexual relationship with one of his young male patients.
It's incredible. What else did you see in the military?
Yeah, well, the psychiatrist in the, in the military, they, they know the history of psychiatry
so they don't really trust Freud's theories and stuff. I mean, they know what a fraud
Freud was and Jung and all these people and, and psychiatry is the only science based totally
on theory. Everybody thinks this is what's really happening in your brain, but nobody
really knows for sure. So they've made that switch from psychiatry to drugs. Now, now
it has become like medical science. Every condition has a drug for it. Every psych condition
has a psych drug.
How bad is it? I mean, you were telling me last week about just how these troops act
once they put them on them.
We've had some really fruity fruity loony toony people. We have one female who was flipping
her gun to loaded weapon upside down and upside down and inside out. We made her go talk to
the psychiatrist and the psychiatrist says, oh, the three drugs that she's on controls
her behavior very well. So it's not related to the drug. So if it's not related to the
drugs, then why is she still here? If she's like that normal, you know, this is crazy.
Well, we've got to get the troops. We've got to get the troops off the drugs. They're asking
why they're all killing themselves. This is the main cause cause and effect. The drugs
make them do this. We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN
radio network. If you want an American company with American products made by Americans,
here is the Cal Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products
for years. These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut
oils that are earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at five star soap.com or call
800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps
that are twice as good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply
of soaps for all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands
of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at
five star soap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Alex Jones here with a message
to fellow freedom lovers. The prognosis for the entire planetary economic system runs
from bad to worse. The globalist model is to shut down societies and starve patriots
out until they acquiesce to the global takeover. That's why we've assembled the most vital
and important preparedness items at info wars shop.com. These are items that I did research
on that I personally use. We've got the life straw so you can turn fetid water into safe
water anywhere you go. The Ktor hand crank generator to charge up key equipment during
power outages or out in the field. Strategic relocation third edition by Joel Skousen.
When disaster strikes by Matthew Stein. TheraSafe used by Homeland Security to protect yourself
during any radiological event and crank shortwave AM FM radios. Everything that we've researched
and found to be the best is available at info war shop.com and your purchase makes our info
war possible. We're getting prepared. Are you info wars shop.com. You prepare by purchasing
gold food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing
a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping or away from
home who's watching out for intruders. Check out simply safe. It's a new do it yourself
home security system that is completely wireless. Go to get simply safe.com simply safe is independent
and off the grid. It runs on battery power. So even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home business boat trailer storage
unit or shed get simply safe.com simply safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself
in under 20 minutes. So there's no need to let a stranger into your home. If you move
or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always
at home, but simply safe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven
days a week. Again, that's get simply safe.com. Waging war on corruption. It's Alex Jones
coming to you live from the front lines of the info war. Yeah, and I went and looked
it up because I mixed these psychologists together. It was Skinner that basically created
like a cage for his daughter to live in. And but they push it all is wonderful and very
humane and everything. And then it was some Russian studies where they did similar things
later with orphans and reportedly there were some deaths, but that wasn't on the skinnered
psychology.
But it's all based around Pavlovian things. And then you get into Sigmund Freud. I mean,
all these different famous psychologists and psychiatrists have different theories. You've
got Carl Jung and then you've got who I think actually has some interesting points. Then
you've got people like Sigmund Freud. You've got his nephew out there writing all these
books and developing what is modern propaganda, Edward Bernays talking about controlling the
public mind.
And these people are control freaks. And they're really into the fact that they're deceiving
you. And they're into the fact that they're manipulating society. And that's why they
play this gaslighting game of you didn't hear us say we're gonna burn down this cabin. That's
preposterous conspiracy theory.
And then they're now in the media going how dare Alex Jones and others say that. Now there's
a gaslighting article out of the Associated Press, Homeland Security and its cache of
bullets. And it says online rumors about big government munitions purchase are true, sort
of.
And then it goes on to say that I couldn't be reached for comment, not immediately. Well,
we never got contacted. But I guess if you send an email and I don't respond in five
seconds, I didn't respond immediately. Jones, the talk show host, did not immediately respond
for request for comment.
And again, that is the Associated Press. And they go on to admit it's true that they bought
the 1.6 billion bullets. But they say, Jones was similarly discredited last year when it
turned out that sure, the Social Security Administration bought bullets, but big deal.
It's like, yes, Jones has been proven wrong because they did buy the bullets.
And you're like, well, wait, there is an arms race, this is record number of bullets. No,
Jones says it's a big deal, but it isn't. And you're like, well, where's the proof he's
wrong? Well, he's right, that's why he's wrong.
And you're like, but again, gaslighting is a psychological warfare term based on a movie
that came out, I think it was in the 30s. But where the man is abusing his wife and
torturing her and then going, I didn't torture you. And with highly suggestible people that
are in a trance on the serotonin reuptake inhibitor class of drugs and others.
But also TV watchers they found who watch more than four hours of TV a day are more
highly suggestible. The language is being reduced, everything's being dumbed down. And
it's really frightening how suggestible people are. You can joke with people on the street
and say, you just fell down, are you okay? I've actually done this as a test. And they
go, I did, really?
And you're like, you know I'm joking. And they're like, no, no, did I? Whoa, what's
going on? I mean, they're so weak minded. They ought to go out and do this on the street
and go, hey, you just fell down. I had a crew member one time. We've been out doing a shoot
all day and we're in the restaurant and I go, cuz I wanted to do a test and I went,
hey, man, you just fell down.
You just fell over. You were just out for, you're just a heat stroke or something. Really,
I did, wow, yeah. How long was I out? I'm like, no, no, it didn't happen. In fact, Aaron
Dykes and Rob Jacobson witnessed that. I won't say who the employee is. His girlfriend went
to get another degree.
He's a nice guy. I think he even told us that I could tell the story. But point is, I'm
not gonna tell you his name. And again, I don't do it as a psychologist or psychiatrist
to mess with people. I do it to see if it was real. And if you walk up and go, hey man,
you just fell down.
You just got, did you know you just got something fell on the sky and hit you on the head? Really,
it did? Yeah, you're bleeding. They'll even think there's blood back there. If you try
to talk to people, it's like they're not there. They're like in a daze where you bring up
a serious issue and it's like a glaze comes over.
That's their preconditioned response. And we've had all these different sciences of
psychology messing with us. I mean, it's a brave new world where they drug the population.
The New Freedom Initiative, one of their own board members on President Bush's board, had
a conscience in 2005. It was in WorldNet Daily, but in mainstream news out of Pennsylvania.
A Pennsylvania board member, you can pull it up, I forget his name, tried to get him
on.
Came out and said, look, I think drugs can help some people and I'm a psychologist. But
they're saying the goal is to put 50% on drugs. They've now got them to about 20 from 15 at
that time. And we're just gonna bring everybody into the school room and make them get on
the drugs.
We'll go through your calls here in a moment, but finish up with our guest. You start talking
about this stuff and it's just mind blowing that they're going to put half the public
on drugs and the next goal is everyone. And then when people mass shoot and kill themselves,
it'll be, my gosh, we've got to put everybody, take everybody's guns.
Because we've put people on something in the hallucinogen class that, yeah, they may take
it the drug for a year. It may actually make them happy cuz they're now in La La Land.
But one day, if they're into violent video games, into violent culture, they're angry.
The meds start interacting with something else. I mean, again, a few months ago, a cop's
in Walmart. He gets a call, he pulls up to Walmart here in Austin and I just knew he'd
be on prescription psychotropics and he was, it came out.
And well, I mean, to tell the story, I hurry and then I butcher stories. A cop gets a call
in Austin, there's a man in the Walmart and walking around with a gun, just like a zombie.
And not robbing the place, just walking around with a gun in his hand. So the cop goes in,
asks him, says hands up and the guy just shoots the cop in the head, kills him.
And I said right there, he's gonna be on prescription psychotropic drugs and it turned out he was.
And I've talked to people off record who said, look, I was in a car wreck in one case, the
guy said, and I hurt my back and I was out of work.
And at the hospital, they said, well, listen, you're feeling a little depressed. He was
going in to see his doctor about a week later and they said, why don't you go see the psychologist?
So they went to another floor in the medical center and they put him on some psychotropics.
And he talked about how a few years later, he was on two or three of them cuz the first
drug screws you up.
So they put you on two or three of them is the answer. And now he's a zombie and that
he would wake up a day later in another town clutching his rifle in his car sweating. Well,
I mean, no kidding, you're on three drugs, absolutely whacking your brain.
And if that guy would have gone and shot somebody and you've all heard those stories, you've
all seen it, you've all heard about it. And it's never, the guy that shot the cop was
drinking and taking psychotropics.
In that case, he was taking an anti-anxiety, but I'm already ranting and digressing. We
have a guest at 20 minutes and a lot to cover in a short time. Sandy, the military nurse,
18 years whistleblower, any other points you'd like to add about this? I mean, you were telling
me off air about how first they go on one drug, then it's a second drug, then it's three
drugs.
Talk about some of that.
Well, it's because when you stimulate these neurotransmitter sites, at first it stimulates
that site and later it deadens that site. And everybody who, you know, studied cocaine,
which also stimulates the same site, knows that that's true. And if these sites are
reward and punishment that tell you what is right and wrong, and at first it's stimulated
and then it kills that area of the brain, then you really don't know right from wrong
and then you've turned into one of these. I think one of the main reasons that the military
is putting our troops on psych drugs is to create a highly visible class of mental patients.
So now they've got the label, mental patient, and they've got the public condition, so
all they got to say is mental patient, and now everybody is scared to death. They want
them locked away forever. Forget about whether they really are mental patients or not. Just
the label is going to scare you to death. It's classic conditioning in the purest form.
They don't want you to question anything. They have already made these decisions for
you, and you are not expected to think for yourself. We have a drug to do that for you.
Well, they know what they're doing. It's not even a guinea pig test. They just want to
see if they can get away with giving pregnant women vaccines they know will make them have
miscarriages or hurt the baby and just get away with it. They want to just see if they
can put the troops on the drugs and have them commit suicide as a disposal mechanism after
they've served their tour.
And then they can also list them as mentally ill and take their guns. I mean, it's all
a master plan. Thank you for getting in touch with us, Sandy, and thank you for being part
of the show. God bless you.
Thank you, Alec.
Hopefully having her on can get people talking. I mean, everybody talks about veterans groups
love the troops so much and everybody wants to help the troops all day. You help them
by not going up and shaking their hands saying thanks for your service. What service to the
New World Order?
You help them by exposing our country's been taken over. You help them by exposing they're
being used as guinea pigs for vaccines, depleted uranium, nerve gas test, and all of these
drugs they're putting them on. Let's go to some phone calls. Judy in Florida, thanks
for holding her on the air. Go ahead.
Hi, Alex. I wanted to tell you that I really appreciate you a great deal. You're one of
my heroes along with Stuart Rhodes, with Peter Schiff, Ron Paul, and the world is a much
better place with you in it.
Thank you.
I mean that. You made me laugh earlier and you always do when you call Al Gore a man
bear cake. I mean, I love the visualization. It's one of the best things.
Well, sure. I mean, it's a South Park invented the term.
Oh, did they?
I mean, the point is, is that it's, it's imaginary. His whole thing is imaginary. He's a fraud.
Yep. Yep, absolutely. And I know that the world is really upside down because, you know,
I've thought about it a few times. It's, you know, it's, it's un-American to act like an
American in America. And it's, it's really kind of scary what, you know, we're all up
against. But what my question was to you and it's probably the most serious one I've asked
you on air because I've talked to you a few times. You're, you're so good. But you know,
what is, is the immovable object? If it does come down to the point where there's a complete
financial collapse, the spontaneous awakening really does occur. And there, there is, you
know, hot courage. There's, you know, possible civil war and all that. I believe men are
so dumbed down and neutered in our nation. It's like, what is the immovable object? If,
if, you know, the, um, if globalism is the unstoppable force and, you know, because what,
what happens when, you know, our, you know, insiders, the troops and, and the police and,
you know, the good fighters here, you know, what does it mean when NATO comes into play
or, or,
Well, look, I mean, NATO would arrive because of the, the, the Patriot group detonated a
nuke and they had to respond because the evil militias were killing children. It'll always
be just some ridiculous propaganda they put out so that psychologically they cast themselves
as the hero. But if you look at the culture, it's one thing to joke around and be silly
a little bit, but they sell for men to be absolutely emasculated, silly, mindless, you
know, the, you know, the Gangnam style, the Harlem shuffle, you know, all of this stuff
to where everything's just a joke so that no one can ever get organized.
It's kind of an arrested development. And, and so they now sell it as cool to have an
arrested development. But then you notice when you run into a bureaucrat, an enforcer,
it's all real serious. If you joke around with the TSA and say, oh yeah, my peanut butter,
it's a bomb. They know full well you're joking. They enjoy and the police enjoy you serving
five years in prison.
If you drop a battery in your backyard out of a child's toy now under federal law, they're
trying to enforce it. You know, you're talking five years in prison. And you're like, but
it's just a battery and they're like, it doesn't matter. It's a victory to hurt the good people.
It's a victory to turn logic on its head. It's a victory for them. If they can get away
with really wild stuff, they get away with anything.
Again, they know, they caught doctors up until four years ago, do not give pregnant women
shots. It causes autoimmune disorders, miscarriages, brain damage, you name it. And they now as
a sacrament say, no, you must have it and push pregnant women to take it. And they try
to give preemie shots, even though they know a lot of times it kills them.
That's a bioethics thing. It's like, well, this baby's already unhealthy and cost the
system too much money, give them the shot. And it's like, ooh, you know, if you're into
killing babies and into killing old people, you get led into the higher level with the
management of the hospital where it's all about profit. It's like, let's go golfing.
I killed five people this week. I mean, they're killing people. I can open the phones up right
now and have nurses call in where they're on the wards with people chained down begging
for food and water who went under government custody under bioethics.
And now they're on the news going, yeah, let's go ahead and kill kids. Even if they're healthy.
Government wants to, we'll kill kids up to age three. And like, yeah, kill grandma, hire
ten teachers, Bill Gates. You're like, yeah, that is crazy. But it's like, no, we're bad.
We're the bad ones, you see. And then once they get us collectivized, once they've done
that, then they're like, well, hey, what you do to your body costs me money. Healthcare
costs must go down. You must eat less red meat. You're like, well, hey, I got my own
insurance, my own money.
If I wanna do that, you think red meat's bad? Your study says it is. I think it's okay.
We'll see what happens. I got my own life. They're like, no, sir. Now you're in the collective,
you see. I mean, they know what they're doing. And it's all about the fact they're exempt.
These are a collection of criminals, mercenaries, perverts, weirdos who set up the same government
every time. They parade around, they're God, they're above the law, you're their slave.
Now let's go to Al Gore on Ellen Degeneres' show talking about chemtrails. Here he is
admitting, some scientists are so scared, they wanna spray this in the sky. Folks, there's
thousands of public Department of Energy documents, EU documents. We've got articles about it.
Up at infowars.com, we sell films about it. What in the world are they spraying? Why in
the world are they spraying two different films? They don't call it chemtrails, they
call it geoengineering. And they're spraying it on us, toxic stuff. And here's Al Gore
showing, he knows all about it. But it's because they wanna save us. Here it is.
Our next guest is the former Vice President of the United States. Please welcome Vice
President Al Gore. And what are you, well, first of all, let me ask you this question
cuz there's a rumor, I don't know if this is true or not, that some scientists are trying
to figure out a way to block the sun to try to slow down global warming.
Yeah, it's a measure of the feeling of desperation that some of them feel.
Are they really thinking they could do that? Well, some of them are seriously proposing
and I think it's completely nuts. You put another kind of pollution, sulfur dioxide,
up to orbit, cover the atmosphere. The sky won't be really blue in the way it is now
anymore. But it would block out some of the sun's heat so that we wouldn't have to take
the difficult steps to stop spewing all this global warming pollution into the atmosphere.
And of course, there are a lot of problems with what they're proposing. It turns out
plants need sunlight. It wouldn't stop the acidification of the oceans. And it really
should be yet another wake up call for why we need to stop putting all this pollution
up there. We put 90 million tons every day up there. And that's what's drying out the
soil, 60% of the country in drought last year.
That's what's contributing to the worsening of these fires in the West.
By the way, let's go to Mike. West Nile virus, worst outbreak.
I have had more than five different over the last few years, meteorologists that work at
TV stations. And they've gone on the news and said, well, you got military jets out
here blocking this front. And again, they're taught as meteorologists know how fronts work.
They go, this is artificial. They're blocking this front. You can pull those clips up of
newscasts and they're always told shut up.
They get calls from the government and stuff. They fly in to create the desertification.
They are desiccating. They are attacking us. They're trying to bankrupt the farmers just
like they want you on food stamps. It's like they're trying to ship the jobs to China,
agenda 21. And then again, stay with us. This is key. This is key.
Your freedoms are on the line. The second amendment is in danger. How soon before your
freedoms are taken away? What can you not live without? What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns? Is it your home? No, it's food. It all boils down to the food supply.
Tyrannical governments control people by controlling their food supply. Don't be dependent. Be
self-sufficient. Don't wait for the government to feed you. Feed yourself. I can warn you,
but I can't feed you. Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from eFoods Direct.
It's the best long-term, storable food on the planet. Get the popular Mega Patriot Pack
free. A 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot, and fuel. Call 800-409-5633 or go
to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get up to 20 Mega Patriot Packs free with purchase.
Build your food supply, be in control, be self-sufficient, and be a patriot. Call 800-409-5633
or eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex and get your free Patriot Pack today.
Survival Seed Vaults for less than one of theirs. The Survival Seed Vault from MyPatriotSupply.com
includes detailed planting and seed saving instructions and ships same day. Plus, all
orders over $49 ship free. MyPatriotSupply.com is American-owned by patriots like you. Passionate
about freedom and preparedness. Call now, 866-229-0927. That's 866-229-0927. Or discover
more emergency preparedness items when you order at MyPatriotSupply.com. Choose the original.
Choose the Survival Seed Vault at MyPatriotSupply.com. We all know that Berkey water purification
systems are the most trusted name in water filtration. As an authorized Berkey dealer
for over six years and serving thousands of satisfied customers, the Berkey guy offers
amazing specials for Berkey water filtration systems. The Berkey light systems include
a set of self-sterilizing and re-cleanable black purification elements that purify water
by removing chlorine, pathogenic bacteria, cysts and parasites to non-detectable levels
and remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides and pesticides. Order the Berkey light system
today complete with two black Berkey elements for only $231 and the Berkey guy will ship
your order free of charge. With the purchase of a Berkey light, the Berkey guy is also
offering a set of fluoride and arsenic filters for only $39.99. That's over 30% off the
retail price. Call the Berkey guy at 1-877-886-3653. That's 1-877-886-3653 or order online at GoBerkey.com.
That's GoBerkey.com today.
We've got a special guest coming up. I want to take a few more of your phone calls right
now on this segment of the next. Don't forget the broadcast is listener supported. That
means spreading the word about the information. If we get out of this mind control system
where the government just does bizarre corrupt things in front of us and sets the precedent
that they can secretly arrest, ship in drugs, torture people, say we're going to burn this
down, cut the newsfeed, burn it down and then say, that's preposterous. We didn't burn anything
down. If they convert on this, if they get this first down, folks, we're in a lot of
trouble and there's still a chance to beat them.
But we were behind in the game to use a football analogy. We're starting to get a little bit
caught up, but this is no time to play around. You've just got to stop trusting the system.
You've got to start hating it. You've got to start just criticizing it, blocking it,
resisting it, never take a plea. Always fight tickets is it's all fraudulent. It's all lies.
It's all trash. It's all designed. The people running the government want to make us all
poor and wreck the economy.
Cops, we know you've lied and been caught. You've got quotas. We know a lot of you don't
like giving people tickets, but you're told you better do it. Listen, the old lady you
pull over that little family, they're not gonna have groceries if you give them that
ticket. Okay, and that's why the tickets get more and more and it's never gonna fund the
state.
The state's gonna go bankrupt. It's all designed that way. Rick Perry doubled the size of the
Texas government and they say he cut it. It's not that the whole country's coming down so
fast Texas is miles above them, like the Helter Skelter line. Yeah, I'm coming down fast,
but I'm miles above you. Texas is falling as well. We're just higher up. California
jumped out of the airplane a long time ago.
It's about to hit the ground. We're up at about 10,000 feet coming in. Everybody's like,
let's climb up the ladder to Texas. Texas has fallen too. Man, it makes me so angry.
Let me tell you something. It makes me angry that the poor people out there are so dumbed
down by the weapon system that is mainstream media that they really think Obama cares about
poor people when he's sworn to bring in eugenics.
And people say, he's a communist. The military's waking up because they're putting all these
communists in. Communism is the banker New World Order management system to wreck everything
and promise poor people they're gonna be able to lay around all day drinking pina coladas
if they rob the rich people, which the rich people are the middle class.
Poor people think someone living in a five bedroom house with three cars on a golf course
is rich or wealthy when they're upper middle class, okay? And they're trying to teach poor
people that if they shut down the business, that's what's happening. Nouveau Riches are
just going, I got enough money to live comfortably for, I'm just not working anymore.
And in a way, it's like an Atlas Shrugged type deal that's happening. Man, I'm so sick
of it though. I mean, it's bad. Here's the deal. We got really bad people. It'd be like
if there was a rabid dog in my yard and it had rabies and I saw kids playing down the
street on their scooters and I just saw the rabid dog attack my Chihuahua.
And it's foaming at the mouth, it's a pit bull. I would go get my rifle and I would
shoot it. And the New World Order is like a trillion pound rabid dog. And I'm watching
it chew up other countries and wreck societies. And it's like Godzilla shutting down our power
plants and shutting down these jobs and shipping these jobs and putting regulations on and
writing books about how it's gonna wreck us and it's rawr.
And I'm just like, hey, let's get rid of that. That's not our friend. And I've gotta hear,
you're just mad cuz Mitt Romney didn't win. I'm like Mitt Romney's like Megalon stomping
along behind him, his second, like the mayor of Protean if something was to happen to Obama.
He came out of the same ocean stomping, rawr. And I'm like, hey, let's get rid of them.
Come on, they're not friends, they're bad. Look, NORTHCOM, NORTHCOM, they're trying to
take your gun. I'll take my guns, Mr. Conspiracy Theorist. The AP is like, look at Alex Jones,
he claims there's 1.6 billion bullets. Well, there is, but he's still a kook. Now I'm gonna
do this new shuffle, party.
You are listening to GCN. Visit GCNlive.com today.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolicic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one filter element. It is the only one that does it and out of the gates. We have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, and other chemicals that can be used to protect the body of the body.
Remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines, ammonia, and chlorine, hydrofluorosolicic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with the new Pro 1 filters today at mfolwarstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Waging war on corruption, Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
All right, we've been trying to call our guest, which has been really wanting to get on, but if they don't show up, that's fine, because quite frankly, the meteorite passes the Earth at the closest of any recorded meteorite in 23 minutes.
It, I believe, had a big spur in front of it. That happens commonly. A group of smaller meteors following it from whatever event happened in space to kick it out of the Kuiper Belt or the closer in asteroid belt.
And it is on its way via the Earth, and I hope that DA14 does not have any other spurs to the side or behind it or in front of it, because you saw what happened in Russia.
We're going to continue with your phone calls and then a bunch of news and video and audio clips that are coming up. I was kind of frustrated to guess what's coming up. Maybe he still is, but I'm kind of crossing my fingers.
He does, so we can get him on another day, because I want to be able to cover all this news that I haven't gotten to yet. Let's go to L. Ray in Texas, listening on 90.1, Year on the Year. Welcome.
Hey, Alex, thanks for having me. I just wanted to rip through some names of some major projects that are going on that I haven't heard mentioned out there real quick.
I've called about the Project on National Security Reform before, which is PNAC Part 2 because of Carnegie and Rand, among others.
And when I called before, I failed to mention that the Project on National Security Reform was DoD commissioned by NDAA, Section 1054, to design the Integrated National Security Professional System.
And on the list of achievements on their website, they list that they helped to promulgate the, quote, system of systems, systems thinking, and the whole of government approach, which the DoD also celebrates that Obama's administration institutionalized.
And I wanted to roll through real quick and see if you had heard of two others, one being the other Carnegie project called the Next Generation Project.
Yes.
No, no, it's all public, how they're getting rid of the families, breaking everything down, isolating the individual, arresting development of men and women.
They want a childlike, you know, no dedication, no allegiance to your fellow humans, just mindless, gibbering, giggling, drugged up idiots begging to be euthanized.
And I listen to you every day and I just wanted to mention these names because we need to start calling these projects by their names and by the systems that they use, like the Census Project, take over all elections, using American Community Survey data and also building communities of practice.
It was Prop 3 locally here in Austin.
No, no, no, I mean the globalists worldwide under Gen 21, they write the laws and the rules to dehumanize and enslave via UNESCO's global master planning, and then you see it implemented at your level with federal funds pushing for laws to be passed to turn your community into an absolute nightmare control grid, with lots of authoritarians walking around, giggling, telling you how they're liberal.
Right, and so I'm just naming the projects by name because we'll have to start doing that.
And with, for example, you're talking about the carbon schemes.
Well, we've got the Monsanto-created Sustainability Consortium that includes the carbon disclosure project.
We've got the Carbon War Room, part of the Institute for Sustainable Communities.
And, I mean, among others, the Obama administration is working with the Next Generation Project and all the rest.
His wife and Bon Jovi, Rockefeller Foundation President, all chair the White House Council for Community Solutions.
Yeah, Bon Jovi is a really nasty little creature.
I had one more question for you. I know you've got a packed show, and it was, have you heard of the Global Leadership Coalition?
Yes.
Kissinger, Brzezinski, and the list goes on.
Yeah, and if you play ball, you get to be on the local regional boards, and they're your real city council, your real legislature,
and they meet, and they meet with the federal representative and the global representative, and they tell them what to do,
and if they do what they're told, they get to be part of the takeover. Isn't it sweet?
You may be arrested and or subject to other police action.
Tyranny is here. The grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality.
It really says that the state is God.
The United States is now recognized globally as one of the most impressive police states on earth.
This film conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps now being expanded nationwide.
This documentary exposes how the continuity of government program has established an all-powerful shadow state.
Police State 4 chronicles the sickening depths to which our republic has fallen.
Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship.
Body scanners, sound cameras, citizen spies, stage terror, and cameras on every street corner.
It's only the beginning of the New World Order's hellish plan.
The police state isn't coming. It's here.
Secure your copy today at infowars.com or see it online in the highest quality at prisonplanet.tv.
Your freedoms are on the line.
The Second Amendment is in danger.
How soon before your freedoms are taken away?
What can you not live without?
What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns? Is it your home? No.
It's food. It all boils down to the food supply.
Tyranical governments control people by controlling their food supply.
Don't be dependent. Be self-sufficient.
Don't wait for the government to feed you. Feed yourself.
I can warn you, but I can't feed you.
Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from eFoods Direct.
It's the best long-term storable food on the planet.
Get the popular Mega Patriot Pack free.
A 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot, and fuel.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex
and get up to 20 Mega Patriot Packs free with purchase.
Build your food supply, be in control, be self-sufficient, and be a patriot.
Call 800-409-5633 or eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex
and get your free Patriot Pack today.
Now that we have moved into the winter season,
there is an increased need to support our immunity and health.
At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs
by providing a full selection of silver-based products.
Our most popular silver-based products are the 32-ounce nano silver solutions,
our 2-ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well as our all-natural silver soaps.
First released is our 100% natural silver gel.
Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents,
which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface.
But rather, we have formulated our silver gel
using the natural skin-nourishing chemistry of aloe vera
to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin,
while delivering the silver more effectively.
Visit www.SilverLungs.com
or click on our store page to find what silver-based products are best for you.
That's www.SilverLungs.com.
Crashing through the lies and disinformation,
it's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
OK, in about 15 minutes,
or 1.24 Central Time, 2.24 Eastern,
DA14, the largest asteroid to ever be recorded to come this close to the Earth,
17,200 miles within the satellite orbiting belt,
and NASA is feeding radio telescope footage of it,
and it does, from what I've seen,
appear to have some other satellites following it or spurs.
That tends to happen because one of these gets kicked out of the asteroid belt,
or more rarely, the Kuiper belt,
on the edge of the solar system, not in the middle of the solar system.
Between Mars and the gas giants is where you have the main asteroid belt.
When it gets kicked out from a comet hitting or whatever happens,
it tends to have debris following it on its trajectory,
and that looks like another stone meteor, what we saw hit Russia,
and injure over 1,000 people, spectacular footage of that.
So we will mark that time here coming up,
but again, you could have asteroids behind it or around it
that are close in and actually come into the atmosphere.
A lot of scientists are saying right now,
we have the news at infowars.com,
and also drudgereport.com has got the best coverage of it I've been seeing.
Getting into what's happening here, we'll have an update for you.
Now, I really wanted to get this guy on the air with us.
Stephen W. Mosher is an internationally recognized authority on China
and population issues, as well as an acclaimed author speaker.
He's worked tirelessly since 1979 to fight coercive population control programs,
and has helped hundreds of thousands of women and families worldwide over the years.
He's appeared before Congress as an expert in world population,
China in human rights abuses.
He's also made TV appearances, Good Morning America, 60 Minutes,
2020 Fox scene, and you name it.
And he's also the author of the best-selling In Mother's Ordeal,
one woman's fight against China's one-child policy,
just an amazing individual.
His articles appear in the Wall Street Journal, you name it.
I'm going to stop right there because his bio is too illustrious
to ever be able to even give justice to.
But I was familiar with his work, but a couple of years ago,
I started seeing these great little short videos.
We've aired some of them here for the radio audience
and for the TV audience, they're even more powerful,
that go off of numbers that are public.
These are statistics like world population
that the demographers have come up with
that are some of the most accurate statistics out there,
that our population, it's dirty industrialization that's the problem.
Once you industrialize, things stabilize,
and people actually go into negative,
1.3 like Japan or 1.3 or 1.5 like Italy.
The West is dying, and when we say West,
we don't even mean white people.
Industrialized Asian countries are seeing negative numbers,
and that's because it's been engineered into the society.
But what happens when the parents only have one kid
and the other parents that there's nobody there to work
to take care of them and to pay taxes?
So the answer is death panels,
and you're now seeing Bill Gates and others promote that.
But the real expert is Stephen W. Moser, and he joins us.
We're gonna play a few of these clips as well.
We're gonna give you his website
so that you can go there and see the statistics
and the facts and the videos for yourself.
But the whole globalist system is based on shutting down cultures,
shutting down the third world,
deindustrializing the West to save the Earth
when it's actually the opposite.
And clean industrialization is what will stop the deforestation
and the desertification we're seeing in Africa and other areas.
And again, Stephen W. Moser joins us.
Stephen, great to have you with us.
Thanks for having me, Alex.
You bet. Okay, you've got the floor.
Tell us how you got into this, how you woke up,
and what the state is right now, the one-shot policy,
the numbers, the population implosion crisis
via the population bomb.
Well, you know, I was originally at Stanford University
in the anthropology department.
One of my colleagues at Stanford was Paul Ehrlich,
the original population bomber,
who in 1968 wrote a book called The B-Population Bomb,
which warned us that hundreds of millions of people
were going to starve to death in the 1970s.
Well, those of us who lived through the 1970s, as I did,
realized that hundreds of millions of people
didn't starve to death in the 1970s.
In fact, we had the Green Revolution, food production went up,
and India, which was his ugly poster child of overpopulation
in the book The Population Bomb,
actually went on to become a net exporter of food,
net exporter of grain.
But those were the ideas I had when I was selected
to go to China in 1979.
Now, in 1979, China had been isolated
behind the bamboo curtain for 30 years.
No one knew what they were going to find
when they went there.
I was selected by the State Department
and the National Science Academy to go to China
to be the first American social scientist
allowed to live and work in China.
I was picked because I could read, write, and speak Chinese.
So I found myself living in a people's commune
in South China.
When the one-child policy began,
now I have to tell you, going to China,
I thought China was overpopulated.
I was pro-choice.
I'd never really thought about the issue,
which is a convenient position for young men to take.
We're not going to worry about it.
We'll let the women take care of that.
But I got to China and found that women were being arrested
for the crime of being pregnant in the name of dealing
with China's so-called overpopulation problem.
I saw them taken away from their homes and families.
I saw them taken to local government detention centers
where they were held for days and sometimes weeks and months
where they were subjected to brainwashing sessions
about the need for them to go in for abortions.
These were all women who were five months pregnant,
seven months pregnant, nine months pregnant.
And I went with them as they were taken sometimes
by force to local government-run abortion centers
where they were forcibly aborted.
They were given lethal injections into their wombs.
Their babies were killed, and then they were taken,
in some cases, out by Caesarean section abortions.
I was present in the room for the Caesarean section abortion
of a woman who was eight months pregnant.
Now, I'll tell you this.
None of this, of course, made sense to me in terms of human rights.
These women were being  rights were being violated.
They were carrying children.
They had conceived in loving relationships
and wanted to carry the term.
And the government was saying, no, ladies, you have no choice.
You will be marched into the abortion clinics.
And if you don't come voluntarily, we will take you in under duress.
And if you don't give us permission to do the abortion,
we will simply wait until you are giving birth,
and we will kill your children at birth.
There were in 1979, 1980, and are today in China cases of infanticide
where babies are killed at birth by government doctors
under orders from population control officials.
Now, this is really nasty stuff.
And this is the model they want to bring here now.
In the operating room and seeing what actually happened,
seeing how these women were mistreated,
seeing the deaths that resulted,
convinced me that even if China did have a population problem,
this was no way to deal with it.
Absolutely.
And the website is pop.org, pop.org.
And you can go there and see all the videos.
We're going to play a few of those coming up where it gives the numbers.
What is the truth about overpopulation, underpopulation?
What are we facing, Mr. Moser?
Well, you mentioned the numbers.
We had a Communist Party secretary, a leading member
of the Ministry of Health in Washington last year,
and he was bragging about the fact that the one-child policy
had eliminated 400 million people from China's population.
And he went on to say that's more than the entire population
of the United States, which it is.
I think we're at about 312, 13 million right now.
And he said we have helped to solve the problem of global warming
by eliminating all these carbon emitters.
And you just have to be aghast at the idea that the government of China thinks
that by eliminating 400 million of the most productive, enterprising,
hardworking people the planet has ever seen,
they have somehow made themselves better off, and they haven't.
They've killed 400 million people who would have gone on to work in jobs,
start companies, make life better for themselves and their children.
They have made China poor by eliminating all of those people, not wealthier.
Now, I saw the Royal Commission on Populations report in 49
where they said population will plane off, but we don't want to even allow that.
So they blocked industrialization as a tool of really neo-colonialism.
But now we see population planning off around 10 million,
even the UN admits, and after that it implodes into a new dark age.
Talk about those numbers.
You know, we don't know what happens when you hit the low, low fertility.
You mentioned Italy, Germany.
All of Europe is dying, that is, filling more coffins than cradles each year.
The populations of over a dozen European countries are now shrinking.
Japan's population is shrinking.
And we're in unknown territory here because as populations shrink and die,
what happens to the stock market?
What happens to real estate?
What happens to anybody who is running a company,
making goods and services for a population?
A market that's no longer expanding but is shrinking,
we are going to see economic implosions in country after country.
The world's population is going to peak around 2040,
which is not that far away now, you know, less than 30 years,
and then it's going to begin to decline.
And the decline is going to be gradual at first,
and then it's going to pick up speed, and by the end of the century,
we're going to be losing a billion people every 15 years.
Now, there are some people who think that's a great idea.
There are some people who see human beings, you and I,
as a plague on the planet, as a kind of pestilence.
There are some people who even say that epidemics like AIDS are good things
because they reduce the surplus population.
But I think that people are the ultimate resource.
I think that people are the one resource who can't do without people
with their creative intelligences are the brains behind the operation.
They unlock the resources that we find on the planet
and then make life better for themselves and others.
So we're seeing now a problem, and I wrote this in the Wall Street Journal
about 15 years ago, and I was probably a little ahead of the curve at that time,
and I said, look, our long-term problem is not too many people,
there's not too many babies.
Our long-term problem is too few people,
too few babies to grow up into workers who buy homes and cars,
who start businesses, who have new ideas for products and services
and make life better for themselves and others.
Our long-term problem is too few people.
And we see that trend accelerating.
It is, stay there, stay there.
We've got to go to break.
Steve Mosher is our guest.
This is incredibly important information.
as we move to the next level.
We need your help to spread the word like never before.
They wish to hide themselves during this tectonic battle
between the forces of freedom and darkness.
You are the response to the globalist technocrats
and their program of global eugenics dehumanization
and ultimate extermination.
The war is here.
It's an info war.
The spirit of 1776 versus the mindset of 1984.
It's time for a home security quiz.
Answer this.
What effective home security device is smaller than a coffee cup
fakes out burglars into thinking someone is home at your house
while you're away, plugs into any wall outlet,
is recommended by many police departments
and sells for less than $35?
Yes, it's fake TV.
This year, about one in every 50 U.S. homes will have a break-in,
with burglars usually picking the easy target,
a dark house that looks like no one is home.
Fake TV is a small electronic security device
that makes it look like someone is home
watching TV by simulating the light from a real TV.
It's like a lamp on a timer, but far more convincing.
And for only $34.95, fake TV could be the difference
between coming home to a secure house or one that's been ransacked.
Go to faketv.com or call 1-877-5FAKETV.
That's 877-532-5388.
Or go to faketv.com.
Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
Is there a less expensive way to detoxify your body?
Yes. Microplant powder from HempUSA.org
frees your body of toxins from virus, fungus, bacteria,
vaccinations, pharmaceutical residues, heavy metals, parasites,
and toxic chemicals in your food and water for around $10 a month.
And for persistent health issues, try our Matrix Biopowder,
together with microplant powder for a deeper cellular cleaning.
Call 888-910-4367 and see what our powder, seeds, and oil can do for you at HempUSA.org.
Hi, this is Ted Anderson.
Have you ever wondered why banks, stockbrokers, investment advisors
won't talk about gold IRAs?
They've been available since 1986,
yet the financial industry won't recognize the value of gold for your retirement.
Gold has outperformed paper investments, yet no word about IRAs.
If you would like to have gold for your retirement,
call 800-686-2237.
Don't get left behind by rising inflation and low returns.
Call 800-686-2237.
Secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
Lunch is ready!
And it's an MRE smorgasbord at longlifefood.com.
In 1983, Long Life Food Depot was one of the first to sell MRE pouches to the public,
and we're still selling them almost 30 years later.
Today, Long Life Food Depot has the world's most complete MRE online buffet
because MREs are all we do.
Tasty varieties of chicken, beef, salmon, and pasta entrees,
plus sandwiches and our easy-to-use pouches.
Full moisture, long shelf life, and ready-to-eat hot or cold.
We sell by the pouch or case so the choices are endless
and so are the graduated quantity discounts.
The more you buy, the more you save.
Call 800-601-2833
or go to longlifefood.com to join our email list
for upcoming announcements like the Rollaway Food Pod.
Plus, enjoy fast and free shipping.
Just call 800-601-2833
or visit longlifefood.com.
Emergency preparedness, emergency relief.
Longlifefood.com since 1983.
Sending real food to your real future.
Don't worry. This show is documented.
Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Alex Jones here back live.
We have footage for viewers, for radio listeners.
NASA just showed seconds ago
the largest asteroid ever passed this close to the Earth,
about 17,200 miles.
They just showed DA14 pass over Australia
where it is nighttime from an observatory they're hooked into there
and it looks like a shooting star.
So it's shooting by at 17,000 miles an hour.
It's just come by the close point
on the night side of the Earth
and is now accelerating away from the planet.
But for the next hour or so, it'll be the closest anything's ever gotten
in modern history that hasn't hit us.
And I guess the population exterminist
would be very, very happy if it hit somewhere, say, like Tokyo
because something that size would undoubtedly kill everyone in Tokyo
and people in the surrounding area.
They estimate, depending on what type of meteor it is,
that it would be thousands of megaton equivalent of hydrogen bomb.
But Steve Mosher, who is one of the leading people
in the last few decades fighting to expose the brutal one-shot policies
where they just come to the house last week and ran over the baby,
the 13-month-old baby.
You've got the bioethics groups, the Bioethics Journal last year
said let's kill kids up to age 3 even if they're healthy.
People thought that was a hoax when Infowars.com wrote a story about it
for three days, and then it was all over mainstream news.
We were linking to them, and then they later removed the study.
But this is what they're into.
And the collectivist elitist,
and I want to get back into the numbers with our guests,
but in a short second, I want to talk about the mindset.
It's not really about saving the Earth.
If they were misguided and said let's get rid of most people to save the Earth,
humans are destructive, you could at least debate them.
But when you get down to it, they're eugenicist.
I cover it in my film Endgame, Blueprint for Global Enslavement,
that's free online, very powerful,
showing where they said we're going to get rid of everybody
so the elite has the life extension, so the elite has the Earth.
This is the robber baron class who picked up on this in the 1860s.
Isn't this eugenics?
I mean, I don't know your take on this, Steve, Stephen W. Mosher,
but from your research, being around the one-shot policy, fighting it,
you know, writing for the Wall Street Journal, you name it,
who is behind this?
What's behind this?
Isn't this just an excuse for total authoritarianism?
Because if you say humans are crap and the general public's crap,
well, then you can take their rights away because they're bad.
Well, you know, it's hard to exaggerate the extremism that you find
in the population control movement.
There are groups like Optimum Population Trust in the UK which say,
one of the leaders of which said not too long ago that if AIDS didn't exist,
he would have to invent it in order to reduce the surplus population in Africa.
Now, that's a really nasty thing to say about people.
These people are haters.
These people are people who don't like their fellow human beings,
and they'd like to see their fellow human beings drastically reduced in number.
Now, what you can say is that the population controllers always have the
haves targeting the have-nots.
In any country, it's the people on the top who are targeting the people on the bottom.
It's the majority deputy group targeting the minority.
But they always sell it.
The communist party members targeting the rural villagers.
In India, there was the high-caste Brahmins targeting the low-caste
and low-caste untouchables.
You see that again and again and again.
That's why I think you get Warren Buffett, for example, a very wealthy man,
who is a big population control enthusiast because he thinks there are too many poor,
Alex.
Now, I ask you, by Warren Buffett's standards, are you poor?
I'm poor.
We're all poor.
And so the wealthy have always from the beginning thought that their wealth,
their elite status entitles them to the majority of the world's resources,
and the rest of us are just nuisances and should be eliminated.
Well, there was a Pentagon report came out that said reduce population to stop terrorism.
This is really the religion of the neo-authoritarians,
and they always sell the Copenhagen carbon tax treaty and things.
As, oh, we're going to fund the poor,
but then they actually found out it would double the taxes on the third world countries.
It is a cold-blooded, organized takeover.
Well, the left likes to generate crises,
and it doesn't like to let any crises that it generates go to waste.
Now, to the extent they can pinch the world, that the world is overpopulated,
and that it is a crisis, then obviously they can get people to do their bidding.
They can get the Congresses and parliaments to give them billions of dollars,
which they do.
They can get hundreds of thousands of people to be nuked
and seduced into supporting their movement, which they do.
And it just perpetuates itself.
You know, we talked about the numbers a little bit,
but people have to understand the world's population is never going to double again.
You cannot talk about a population explosion unless you have doubling and doubling and doubling.
You won't have that.
The world's population is going to peak.
We're at 7 billion now.
We're going to get up to 8 or 9 billion, depending on how many children my children and your children have.
And then the population of the world is going to decline.
So we're not looking at a population explosion.
We're looking at a population implosion.
We're going to prove that on the other side.
A long segment coming up.
We're going to let you break that down, Mr. Moser,
and then we're going to get to some of these videos documenting this.
Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary, broad-spectrum, antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal solution
that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin.
Supernatural Silver is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers,
using a patented technology that is highly effective against colds, flus, infections, food poisoning and yeast,
in addition to many other pathogens.
Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe,
and is the number one choice of thousands of people for immune system support.
Find out how Supernatural Silver could change your life.
Go to SupernaturalSilver.com and use the promo code Healthy for 20% off.
That's SupernaturalSilver.com and like us on Facebook.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to GetSimplySafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed.
GetSimplySafe.com.
SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes.
So there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com.
Your freedoms are on the line.
The Second Amendment is in danger.
How soon before your freedoms are taken away?
What can you not live without?
What is your greatest dependency?
Is it your guns?
Is it your home?
No, it's food.
It all boils down to the food supply.
Tyrannical governments control people by controlling their food supply.
Don't be dependent.
Be self-sufficient.
Don't wait for the government to feed you.
Feed yourself.
I can warn you, but I can't feed you.
Do like Alex has done and get a supply of food from eFoods Direct.
It's the best long-term, storable food on the planet.
Get the popular Mega Patriot Pack free.
A 24-day supply of food plus stove, cook pot, and fuel.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex
and get up to 20 Mega Patriot Packs free with purchase.
Build your food supply, be in control, be self-sufficient, and be a patriot.
Call 800-409-5633 or eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex
and get your free Patriot Pack today.
The Globalist are eugenics psychopaths and they'll slice us apart if we don't stand up against them.
And again, they sell this idea that collectivists are not liberals.
Even their low-level people go, there are too many people.
We do need to kill people.
We do need to get rid of old people.
And if you say, hey, let's get rid of your grandmother.
Oh, no, no.
They are empty, powerless weirdos who just get off like a moth to flame on the idea of running things.
And it's because they've never run anything.
They don't know what responsibility is.
It's all just like a spirit, really, of these people.
Now, higher-ups, they're the people worth tens of billions that leverage trillions who don't like the modern society
because they want to basically go to the national parks and have no one there.
And they all write books about it and they sell it the world without people.
And, oh, a virus will be released and Mother Earth will throw us off.
And they get all wild-eyed about it while the very same elites are genetically modifying everything endangering the planet,
while they're cross-species pollinating and planting all this stuff,
while Al Gore is on the board of Foxcom or on Apple that uses Foxcom and says, no, nothing for the workers, more suicide nets,
forced abortions inside the Foxcom facilities.
They are just flaming, flaming, flaming, flaming authoritarians.
And it's just such a hoax.
And it doesn't mean the so-called conservative movement is good
because they're conservative in name only but have adopted all the same eugenics policies.
And that's why it's so good to talk to somebody like Stephen W. Moser of Pop.org.
And we'll put his website up there on screen.
He heads up one of the only organizations out there, the Population Research Institute, exposing this.
And I've looked at this. I've studied it.
I've, again, agenda 21, shut down our plants that are clean burning, shut down ad taxes, bankrupt us,
but insiders are exempt, just like Communist Party is exempt.
And it's always elitists doing this but selling it as a collectivist model.
You'll get jobs when we bring in the green economy, and it's not even a green economy.
And it is such a nightmare world.
It's a predatory, cannibalistic economy where things implode and a tiny group consolidates power
and gets richer from that instead of what elites are threatened by, corrupt elites,
open, powerful, dynamic, wealthy societies.
And we're not just becoming poor physically.
Our mental capacity, our IQs, the chemicals that the White House science czar talks about adding to the water,
it's all going on.
This is their program of imploding cultures, imploding societies, dumbing people down so they can play God.
And it is a ultra-Hitlerian program is the only way to describe modern eugenics.
Now, Stephen, I'd like you to comment on the eugenicists you've talked to, but then get into the numbers here.
When you've testified before Congress, you name it, what it's like running into these people and trying to talk sense into them.
But again, they're not really incorrect.
They have a program of authoritarianism wrapped in their humanitarian altruistic fraud.
And then get into the real numbers of our implosion, the death of the West, the death of Japan,
the way they're programming men to not be men, the estrogen mimickers.
I mean, this is a brave new world.
I don't know if you're aware of this.
It's out there, eugenics-based Julian Huxley UNESCO program.
Go ahead, sir.
Well, you've covered a lot of ground just now, Alex.
And let me pick up on one thing, and that is that the Malthusians have been among us now for a couple centuries.
And their program from the beginning has been to radically reduce human numbers,
especially numbers of children born to people they think aren't worth saving.
They want more children from the fit.
They want fewer children from people they consider to be unfit.
And, of course, the people that turn out to be unfit are people who don't share their ideas,
people who don't spout their dogma, people who don't espouse their left-wing views.
So that's what's been going on for a long time.
You would have thought that Hitler's program of eliminating 12 million people that he thought were not worthy of life
would have disposed us against eugenics for all time,
but we have eugenics in the modern world today that masquerade under the name of population control.
I think you can see it most clearly in the People's Republic of China,
because China's one-child policy, of course, is eugenics in nature.
The government says that the Chinese people should only have one child late in marriage
and that they should only have perfect children.
Yoshang is how you say it in Chinese.
They want superior births.
They're trying to breed a better Chinese man and Chinese woman.
What is that but eugenics?
That is why in China today you see handicapped children being killed at birth by government doctors
who are under orders not to allow handicapped children to live
because, after all, the one-child policy is in part about improving the Chinese race.
And this is what the Rockefeller Foundation and Carnegie Foundation dispatched
the Nixon people over there to do the deals with, and this is the world.
And now how many millions more men are there in China
being told they have to have conquests of other countries to get women?
Well, I was just in Kansas a couple of days ago testifying before the State Senate
on sex selection, abortion, and female infanticide.
I was in China when the one-child policy began, as I mentioned,
and what happened immediately after that was large numbers of little girls began being killed after birth.
Now they're still being killed in China, some of them by female infanticide after birth,
some of them by what are called sex selection abortions before birth.
But it's not just China.
It happens in Korea, it happens in Vietnam, it happens in India.
There are in Asia about 160 million missing little girls who have been killed
either before or after birth.
And we hear zero, we hear zero from Gloria Steinem of the CIA
and all the rest of these people.
If you didn't know it, folks, she wrote one of her books that was all CIA front
to break up the family.
Ms. Magazine all funded, which again was a Carnegie Endowment operation
so that there's no mother so the state becomes the daddy
and the Chinese model of the children living in dormitories
and working in factories is their program.
I mean, this is just slavery by any other name, and you are anti-female.
They call it a right to have 150, 160 million less women.
They call it glorious for women to be burned alive in India.
They call it glorious for two-year-old girls to be taken
and used in medical experiments and then asanguinated when their organs are taken.
I mean, we're not joking here, and we are the scum of the earth to these people.
We're anti-woman, Steven.
I'm sure you've seen them say that it's pro-woman to kill them.
Well, I know that when I came back from China in the early 80s,
I went to see the head of the National Organization of Women,
and I told this woman, Eleanor Smeal,
that they were forcing her sisters in China to have abortions
and they were killing little girls at birth.
And you know what she said?
She said, well, I'm personally opposed to forced abortion,
but after all, China does have a population problem.
So we haven't been able to get any help from that section.
You know, this is the worst form of discrimination.
This is a form of discrimination that kills.
Didn't Pat Robertson even agree with that?
No.
I remember a Pat Robertson quote about where he said,
yeah, there are too many people.
Remember that a few years ago?
People got freaked out by it?
Yeah, I'm afraid this idea that there are too many of us
has seeped into a lot of different quarters of people who should know better.
And all you have to do is look at the numbers.
You know, the numbers don't lie,
and I'm not the source of these numbers, by the way.
The numbers are calculated by the U.S. Census Bureau.
They're calculated by none other than the U.N. Population Division,
which is not to be confused with the U.N. Population Fund,
which is the population control arm of the United Nations.
The U.N. Population Division shows that numbers of births are falling worldwide,
that total fertility rate, the number of women,
children that women have over their lifetimes is falling,
that many countries are having too few children
to sustain their current population,
and the rest of the world is following in short order.
These are numbers that are out there.
These are fact-based arguments.
The other side is using exaggeration.
The other side is immune to reason, is immune to facts.
We're talking about facts here.
Absolutely, and I was able to find the video of Pat Robertson.
It's typed in Pat Robertson China,
and Pat Robertson, I can find the quote here,
said that no one can argue there's too many people in China.
China has a labor shortage this year, Alex,
and the reason it has a labor shortage is they've killed 400 million
of the most productive, enterprising people in the world
over the last 30-odd years.
You actually show the graphs,
but it's also another mammalian species.
If you guys punch up a document, Cameron,
we're going to start going to these videos.
Once you get any mammal species that goes way up,
if it has any type of big drop,
it tends to continue dropping even faster.
In fact, it's even hard to have a slow hill.
Talk about some of those statistics,
and then we're going to play some of these videos.
Well, you know, if you mentioned Italy,
for a long time the Italians were averaging just a little over one child.
Now, that means that there are so few young Italians in their 20s,
for example, that in order to stop the Italian population,
which is now about 54 million, I think,
from dropping in half within the next few decades,
every young Italian would have to marry at the age of 21
an average of four children.
Well, that's not going to happen,
and that's just a way of saying that the population of Italy
is now almost preordained to fall.
There's no way that a reasonable demographer can imagine
that they can stave off serious population decline
going on for the next couple generations.
In fact, one of my friends in Italy, Antonio Golini,
who is a demographer at the University of Milan in northern Italy,
has said that by the end of the century
there will only be a few million Italians left,
and the country will still survive,
the great churches will still be there,
but they will be turned into museums,
and the ticket takers will be Albanians.
Now, I like the Italians.
I'm going to miss them, but they haven't had children
for a couple generations now,
and it looks like there are going to be a lot fewer Italians
in the future.
We're going to go to some of these videos here in just a moment,
but I've seen some metrics that say that within four generations
there won't be any Japanese left.
There won't be any Italians.
And then I see the demographers that are eugenicists say good.
In fact, I remember when Dr. Pianka
gave a Texas Academy of Sciences speech six years ago
and got an award.
Photos were taken.
It was in the paper, the Houston paper,
and I had the reporters on.
And when he said soon airborne Ebola will be a release,
like 12 monkeys, and 90-plus percent of us will die,
and he projected skulls on the wall,
there was a three-minute standing ovation.
The reporters estimated that 90% of the people were crying
because it's their whole religion is we kill everyone.
We have power.
We run things.
We plant our flag.
It's just hyper weirdos.
And the issue is then I had one of his graduate students, a PhD,
and I went and looked her up.
She was working in government laboratories and bioweapons.
It actually said, you know, bioweapon research to, quote,
protect us, but we know that's a cover.
And she's like, how dare you talk about him?
He's actually not, you know, he's too conservative.
Humans are a parasite.
We all must die.
And the issue was I went and looked her up, and there she was.
She's working in the bioweapons.
These people are demoniac in their entire bearing.
They look like crazies in their eyes.
I mean, these are madmen that we're dealing with who, like demons
to a flame of hell, are just flying into the flame.
They can't stay away from it.
Well, I've always thought there's a lot of self-loathing on the left.
There's a rejection of their own selves.
There's a rejection of their very nature.
There's a rejection of family.
There's a rejection of tradition.
And if you reject all those things, basically you're rejecting
what it means to be human.
And then you reject human beings themselves.
So you find on the part of the population controllers a lot of people who say,
for example, the world's population should be 1 billion instead of 7 billion.
And you ask yourself, what are they going to do with the other 6 billion of us?
And the answer is that they want to reduce by hook or by crook the population
down to their magic number, which they imagine is the carrying capacity.
500 million.
You know, some of them say 100 million.
Paul Ehrling once said he thought the carrying capacity of the world
was 100 million.
Again, what are they going to do with the other 6.9 billion of us?
And in the same book, Ecoscience, his colleague, the White House Science Czar said,
John P. Holdren said, we will add chemicals to the water and the food.
And they are.
And our fertility is dropping.
And these people are maniacs.
I played Al Gore admitting they're chemtrailing us earlier.
These people are out of control.
Folks, you're in a science fiction movie, but it's for real.
I want to play some of the amazing videos that are at pop.org
that everyone needs to get and get out to everybody they know.
7 billion is one of the videos we're going to play.
But first, we're going to play overpopulation, the making of a myth.
And this is powerful audio wise.
But if you're a radio listener, you've got to go to pop.org
and actually watch the videos because they're even more documented in the visual.
Here it is.
Pop 101.
I'll narrate some of this because it doesn't have audio.
Overpopulation, the making of a myth.
The myth of overpopulation originated in England in 1798
when a vicar named Thomas Malthus, who fancied himself something of a mathematician,
saw that food production increased incrementally, but people reproduced exponentially.
He sat down and did some simple math
and summarily decided that the world would be out of food by 1890.
He blamed reduced mortality rates
and recommended killing off the have-nots of society, lest the haves starve to death.
This cry was taken up by Paul Ehrlich of Stanford University in 1968,
who claimed that reckless human reproduction had overwhelmed the earth.
Massive famines would result, which would destroy, best case scenario,
one fifth of humanity by the end of the 70s.
And the planet would follow.
This fear produced large donations for the newly created UNFPA,
which thrives on an imagined crisis that has been both imminent and rescheduled again and again
over the past two centuries.
The truth of the matter is that every family on this planet
could have a house with a yard and all live together on a land mass the size of Texas,
which is really just a small corner of the planet.
The population of Earth will peak in 30 years and then start to go back down.
We're not overpopulated. Do the math.
But all they're saying is, hey, we're the heroes, we've scripted ourselves,
let us be in control, but now under agenda 21, sir,
they say they want to shut things down to implode things to make us behave
to make their prediction come true.
What do you have to say about agenda 21, Stephen W. Moser?
Well, I want to say, first of all, that the myth of overpopulation is a myth that kills,
and it has killed from the very beginning,
because at the very beginning when Thomas Malthus was first spouting this nonsense,
the people who were running India for England let millions of people in India starve to death
because Thomas Malthus and the myth of overpopulation told them
that if they didn't let them starve to death, if they responded in Christian charity to famines,
that they would only go on to have more children and more people would die in the future,
so better to let them die now.
The same thing happened in Ireland.
They let over a million Irish starve to death because of the myth of overpopulation.
They believe that the Irish population was too large
and that they were doomed to starve to death now or later.
Better to let them starve to death now.
So these ideas from the very beginning have led to deliberate programs to ignore
and indeed to sometimes cause famines to reduce human numbers.
These are nasty ideas that have had nasty real-world consequences,
and I'm afraid that when you talk about agendas drawn up by agenda 21
and drawn up by the United Nations and other international organizations,
when they talk about population stabilization, I always think in terms of China
because China is a country that has stabilized, quote-unquote, its population.
Yeah, that's their model. Let's talk about...
...control of the reproductive system of everybody in the country.
That's what Obama cares for. Stay there.
We're going to come back and talk about that as well.
I'll have to go into overdraft. This is too powerful. Stay with us.
Hello, I'm Alex Jones. Myself, my family, the Infowars.com team
want to relay to you and your families that we are intensifying our efforts
against the globalist on every front.
Infowars.com is leading the fight against the technocrats,
but we can't do that without your help.
By getting the films, bumper stickers, and T-shirts at Infowars.com,
you will wake up people in your area and support our operation
as we move to the next level.
We need your help to spread the word like never before.
They wish to hide themselves during this tectonic battle
between the forces of freedom and darkness.
You are the response to the globalist technocrats
and their program of global eugenics dehumanization and ultimate extermination.
The war is here. It's an Infowar.
The spirit of 1776 versus the mindset of 1984.
You land in Buenos Aires, then a shuttle to Santa Rosa
where a nicely furnished cabin with all amenities, Wi-Fi,
executive food and wine, and laundry service awaits.
After a good night's sleep, your adventure begins.
You're on a golden stag safari for big game.
But it's not Africa. It's Argentina.
One-on-one guided hunts for water buffalo,
huger, bighorn rams, wild boar,
and the biggest stag deer in South America.
All gold medal quality.
All the action you can handle.
Land rovers, top rental guns with scopes,
all food, beverages, hunting guides, ground transportation included,
and more, all more affordable than you can imagine.
The adventure of a lifetime starts at GoldenStagSafaris.com.
The big game hunting ranch. GoldenStagSafaris.com.
Don't throw away leftovers.
Instead, throw all your leftovers, vegetable peels, egg shells,
coffee grounds, pizza crusts, and more into the Bokashi.
If you love to garden and compost but don't like the hassle of turning a compost bin or the smell,
then check out the E.M. Bokashi food waste recycling system from Tereganics.
Finally, a way to recycle all your food and plant waste safely and effectively and stop using fertilizers.
The E.M. Bokashi food waste recycling system.
Rather than decomposition, the Bokashi system uses fermentation to break down waste,
so it takes less time to create nutrient-dense humus for crops or gardens
with no turning and no obnoxious odors.
To learn more and order your Bokashi online,
visit Tereganics.com and click on the orange button.
That's Tereganics.com, spelled T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X dot com, or call 866-369-3678.
That's 866-369-3678.
Recycle all your food wastes in about six weeks with the Bokashi food waste recycling system from Tereganics.com.
Tereganics. Life's getting better.
Ladies and gentlemen, it's so frustrating for me because I've been studying these people for about 20 years, 17 years, every day on radio and TV.
And I mean, I know we're telling you 100 percent fact here, and we can't even scratch the surface.
It's much worse than we're saying.
I mean, they put kids behind the cars there when they're 13 months old now and run over them, come to your house.
Oh, you've been hiding a little girl. Bring her out here.
And the media is like, well, we had to get rid of them.
But then if your child pulls out a bubble gun and says, let's play after school, they're going to be suspended or a water gun, they get arrested.
And it's not about caring about your kids.
These are authoritarians that want to get you used to being arrested for what you draw or say.
And they're hyper-authoritarians. They're so evil. They're so evil.
And they want to get you dependent.
And they're trying to shut off the resources now to make you dependent.
And China, as they said, is the model.
And that's where our guest, Stephen W. Moser, is going on to play one more clip here.
What was the second clip?
I think it's that we're going to play.
Yes, kids of stabilized population. Let's play that and then get his take on China being the model.
Here's one of the other videos at pop.org. Here it is.
Population 101.
From the time of the cavemen all the way until today, humanity continues to exist because each generation of people has produced another generation to replace itself.
Scientists have figured out how many people need to be born each generation to replace the generation before.
That number is one person per person.
All things being equal, this creates perfect demographic balance.
Since women are the only ones who can have children, replacing every person on earth means each woman needs to have two children.
One to replace her and the other to replace the man who cannot have children.
The total fertility rate is the average number of children each woman in a society is having.
This number shows us if a society is growing or shrinking.
In developed countries, the replacement rate birth rate is 2.1 children per woman.
This will keep the population stable.
But even that is assuming that every woman has children and that there are no wars, famines, or disease.
In the real world, disasters happen all the time and sadly not all children reach adulthood, especially in poor countries.
This pushes their replacement rate up to 3.3 children per woman.
Since not every woman wants to have children, in order to keep the population stable,
some women need to have more than 2.1 children to balance the birth rate with the women who are only having one or no children at all.
Maintaining this balance is of the utmost importance.
If society does not at least replace itself every generation, human numbers begin to fall exponentially.
Economic and social problems appear as elderly people retiring begin to outnumber young people entering the workplace.
This is already happening all over the developed world.
Many of the world's nations are only barely replacing themselves,
while the growing majority have birth rates below replacement, some as low as 1.8 or even 1.2 babies per woman.
Many societies are facing a very real danger, extinction.
and has discouraged family formation and has discouraged childbearing.
And so at the end of the day, you know, someone is going to come to inherit France and Germany and Italy.
It won't be the descendants of the modern day French and Germans and Italians because they're not having any descendants.
Other people who are more family friendly will come to occupy those countries
and I think most of our listeners know who those will be, the people from the Middle East and North Africa principally.
The West has committed total suicide and it was done on purpose.
It was on an accident, the eugenicists did it.
That's the thing, eugenics isn't even trying to make people better.
That's the cover.
It's really just an excuse to wreck everything that the globalists see as competition.
That's why they're targeting the West.
I tell you, it is sick.
Man, we're going to come back with a little bit of overdrive with our guests.
Go to pop.org, folks, and support them and buy some of their products as well to get the word out.
We'll be right back.
Thank you for listening to GCN.
Visit GCNlive.com today.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal-Ben Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what you're using now.
Or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Coast to coast direct from Austin.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
Big Brother.
Mainstream media.
Government cover-ups.
You want answers? Well so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Now they've got a bunch of animated, well-documented bibliography videos at pop.org.
And they've only got like two and a half million views.
And that sounds great.
These videos should have a hundred million a piece.
This is what governs the whole world.
This is what the global governance is.
This is what they're coming to do.
This is why they're trying to shut down rural communities in the United States and Europe with the Gen 21.
You either expose the enemy or it's over.
You've got the floor, Stephen W. Moser, to finish up any other points you wanted to make to the listeners out there.
Well, I think people ought to understand there's plenty of room on God's green earth for all of us.
And as our numbers have grown over time, our prosperity has grown even faster.
That is, more hands make light work has been true for centuries and is still true today.
Every stomach comes with two hands attached.
Every mouth is backed by creative intelligence.
And people who see us as a pestilence, as a sort of plague on the planet themselves, of course,
are free to do what they want with their fertility.
But they shouldn't interfere with the natural desire of the rest of us to marry, have children,
form families, and improve ourselves.
Well, Ted, Turner's got five kids and dozens of jet aircraft and they're all a bunch of hippos.
The world should have a one-child policy, Alex.
Yeah, exactly.
Well, listen, I'm telling them if humanity is so bad and they want to kill babies, why don't they just commit suicide?
Well, they are over time.
The people we're talking about generally average about one child.
So if we can just hold our breath and get through the next 10 years without letting them bring the walls down around us,
we will survive, we will thrive, and they will die out.
That is some good news.
And again, we're not happy about their deaths, but these people are cancers.
And I mean, humanity, they're also trying to stunt technological development that can take us to the stars and the next level.
They're not fans of humans.
You're right, they're haters.
They always talk about how we're all mentally ill.
No, you're mentally ill.
You know, I'm happy.
You're into death.
You're an idiot.
And as population numbers go down, you see less and less innovation.
You see fewer new inventions.
You see technological progress slowing down in this country and other countries.
We need more human minds at work, not fewer.
How are they liberal when they want to kill babies that might have a cleft palate or a club foot?
I mean, statistically, I've seen the studies out there.
A lot of people that are handicapped turn out to have higher IQs, invent more things.
I mean, I have a lot of friends that are handicapped.
And you know what makes me really mad?
These people are calling themselves liberals.
When they're in control, they make sure every handicapped child is killed when it's born.
Yeah, and it starts with, you know, the Trisomy 13 and Trisomy 18.
It ends up with children in China being killed because they have a facial blemish or a mole in the wrong place.
The pursuit of perfection is never-ending.
You wind up, you know, eliminating all children who don't have a certain color of eyes.
It's evil and it needs to be stopped now.
Well, they seem to be cresting right now, studying eugenicists as you do.
I mean, is it cresting or is it going to get a lot worse?
Well, the movements with billions of dollars at their disposal and tens of thousands of employees do not go quietly to their graves.
They've got the fortunes of some very wealthy men.
You mentioned Ted Turner.
He's a big population.
Bill Gates.
It's going to take them some time to spend all that money.
Oprah Winfrey, they're all involved.
Jon Bon Jovi, they're all involved.
Any of these people involved in the Rockefeller Foundation are your enemy, ladies and gentlemen.
Well, listen, Stephen W. Moser, we're going to be talking to you again very soon.
Thank you for what you've done.
People can go there and support you guys.
You've got some products.
Briefly tell folks about some of the products you've got at pop.org and what you're going to do if you get more money in.
Well, we've got books that I've written.
If anyone wants to know more about what's being done with your tax dollars overseas to reduce the number of children born by exporting things that we shouldn't be exporting,
I've got a book called Population Control, Real Cost, Illusory Benefits that details the dark underside of these anti-people programs.
We've got the YouTube videos that we've already talked about.
Some other things we've got, you know, we're working, we've cut about a billion dollars over the last 20 years from population control programs overseas.
That's right. No, no, I've researched it.
You are the tip of the spear.
God bless you, Stephen W. Moser.
We salute you.
Everybody go to pop.org right now.
God bless you, sir.
