Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Oh yes, my friends, it is Monday, the 18th day of March, 2013, and we're going to be
live here for the next three hours, Lord willing. Popping in the second half of the second hour
is a pro-Second Amendment advocate, a lady, Juliana Crowder, who's gotten a lot of national
attention, breaking the stereotype that it's only men that enjoy shooting and use firearms
to protect themselves, and really the condescension that women can't become proficient with firearms.
And I've found women on average, once you get them around firearms, are better shots
than men, because they can calm down a little bit more when they pull the trigger. And that's
oversimplification, but that's been shown in some of the Olympic shooting.
Side issue, she'll be popping in, Gerald Cilente has accurately predicted that it would start
with bank holidays in Europe and spread to the United States. He's been saying that for
about five years, he's gonna come on, and let's punch up DrudgeReport.com for TV viewers.
Radio listeners just go there, DrudgeReport.com. Cyprus shuts banks until Thursday. Now, we
put an article up about this yesterday on Infowars.com, and we had people on there saying
it wasn't true, even though I was linked to the BBC and Forbes.
I mean, that just shows this culture of denial. How long did I tell you that the Justice Department
would go after News Corps? And that that's why News Corps was suddenly worshipping the
New World Order and loving socialism. Holder investigates Wall Street Journal. And again,
I'm not saying News Corps is perfect, not by a long shot.
But you can't have the devil investigating a scoundrel. A scoundrel is not the devil.
The Justice Department is a devilish crew right now, no doubt about it, who stays fast
and furious, who were obviously involved intimately in Oklahoma City back in 95. The very same
crew who were deputies are now in charge there. It's really scary.
And if they can bring down Rush Limbaugh and News Corps, then everybody else is on target.
That's what the White House memos via Media Matters said two years ago. They said they're
gonna bring down the alternative media. And what do they see that as?
If you even pay lip service to the Bill of Rights and Constitution, or criticize Al Gore
and anthropogenic global warming fake theories, you are the enemy. Because they can sweep
them aside, they can sweep everybody aside. And they're running this hoax right now that
it's a mandate for Obama and total socialism.
Here's some of the other headlines, new EU bailout plans, steal bank accounts, island
set to seize personal savings. They're already doing it, that's why it's closed till Thursday,
they always do that. The agreement is to do it, and the Parliament of Cyprus would not
vote quickly enough today.
So they've just said they're going ahead with the plan basically. Plan moves ahead as vote
delayed, see this link right there. Putin, unfair, dangerous, Financial Times, here comes
the bank runs. Germany, not our idea, even though it was their idea. Will Italy follow?
That's an Infowars.com article with top German bankers calling for a 15% seizure of after
tax money out of your bank account.
Continuing, markets rattled, Euro tumbles, Dow drops, live feeds of that. And then of
course, it's already causing bank lines to form in other European countries, you can
look that up. There were lines in places like Greece and Spain yesterday to get money out
of ATMs.
And this is done by design to rattle the markets. I'll explain all this when we come back. This
is a big deal. And we're gonna open the phones up specifically for stockbrokers, investors
who want to call in and talk about this issue of the global financial meltdown.
I'm not gonna talk about how many Easter bunnies can dance on the head of a pin or anything
like that. We're gonna talk about this big mega issue today.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions
are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you
for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective
against bacteria, viruses, moles, and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver
has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com. Use the promo code prepared for 20% off your
entire order and like us on Facebook.
A little over a year ago, I began to do a lot of research into why, even if I had a
pretty good sized meal, that I was still starving. And my research led me to a well-known fact
that most of the soils that we grow our crops on here in the United States and across the
industrialized world are almost completely depleted of almost all of the key minerals
and trace elements that our bodies need to rebuild themselves, fight off cancer, and
be healthy. I then searched out the best vitamin and mineral company out there and discovered
Young-Jevity. The Young-Jevity products are designed to give you the real nutrition you
need, and once you've got that, you don't have to eat as much to be satisfied. I've
lost 37 pounds in two months simply getting the vitamins and minerals I need. Check it
out for yourself. It's incredible. Go to infowarseteam.com today and order your first canister of Beyond
Tangy Tangerine complete multivitamin mineral complex dietary supplement. That's infowarseteam.com.
Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates. We have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine. Hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at infowarsetour.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Live from Austin, Texas. Broadcasting worldwide. It's Alex Jones.
I know you deceived me, now here's a surprise. I know that you have cause there's magic in
my eyes. I can see for miles and miles and miles and miles and miles and miles.
Yes, we can see for miles and miles and miles. Yes, we know about the little tricks they
play and they do the same tricks over and over again to country after country. Sometimes
two or three times the same country in one decade like what they do in Mexico.
I remember being a little kid and my dad explaining currency devaluations and why we could go
to Mexico with a couple hundred dollars and stay a week in a very nice hotels and eat
and rent a fishing boat. And it was because their government had devalued their money
because short term it allowed the elites to rob their population.
And he explained to me the Weimar Republic, the devaluation of the German Deutschmark
ahead of the collapse of the Weimar Republic into Nazi fascism. And my dad explained to
me how they'd done this in countless third world countries and how the insiders were
able to maneuver economies and implode them to consolidate them.
So I just grew up getting history lessons everywhere I went and I thought that was normal.
I thought it was normal for your parents to teach you about basic economics. Nowadays,
I talk to adults who have business degrees and who are worth, in some cases, billions
of dollars. Billions of dollars and they are not even really aware of what's going on.
Or now if they are, they just have had it so easy in America and things have been so
stagnant in a good way for so long and they've been so insulated, they're not even aware
of what's going on.
Now those are self made people worth $500 million, a billion dollars, $2 billion. Those
are self made people worth billions of dollars. When you look at the insider true elite class,
they are fully aware of the scam. And I'll tell you why, because they have orchestrated
it. So when I say that I can see for miles and miles and miles and miles, it's no sleight
of hand.
It's no special trick. It's like being able to get up in the morning and see sun coming
through the blinds and to open the window and see the sun rising. But you've got to
be able to open your eyes and you've got to be able to stand up and you've got to be able
to know what a sun is. And that's an oversimplification, but that's the point we've reached.
The head of the Dallas Federal Reserve, also the head of the Kansas City Federal Reserve,
both amongst some of the most powerful after the New York Fed that really runs everything.
That's where Geithner came from. But they represent some of the smaller shareholders
groups involved in the private 1913 deal. Those private shares that are ultimately valuable
in this fraudulent economic system.
You've got the Dallas Fed saying we have crony capitalism, the entire economy. I have his
quotes here. I'm gonna pull these out in a moment. It's in Reuters. That we're in a critical
moment and the crony capitalists are imploding the economy to consolidate it at the expense
of us all. Now, why would the head of the Dallas Fed, a big insider, as well as the
Kansas City Fed, and they've been critical the last few years.
Now they're downright panicking. Why would they be publicly panicking? Because they're
not pure evil. They wanna have a future for their grandchildren. They don't wanna fully
destroy America and kill the golden goose. I mean, even if you're not a moral person,
even if you're not really a good guy and don't care about other people, there's a reason
to have a civilization.
Because then there'll be nothing to even prey on for most of the parasite class, if the
ultra parasite class wrecks everything in a scorched earth takeover. So I'm gonna get
to that article here today. I'm gonna go over some of these headlines here. But let me direct
you to infowars.com. If you're a radio listener, if you're a TV listener, you can see it punched
up right now live.
Proposed Cypriot, that's Cyprus, bank deposit theft, good news for gold. Gold's way up.
Banking chief calls for 15% looting of Italians' savings. That's a Paul Watson article linking
to the open announcements in the German press. The rape of Cyprus by the European Union and
the IMF, zero hedge. Cyprus government's great bank robbery, a private accounts may set off
bank runs across Europe.
Yeah, it's already happening. I've gone and looked at some Intel. They're talking about
long lines and things, not just there but in other countries. And now they've closed
it. First it was gonna be just Monday, then to Wednesday, now Thursday. It'll probably
end up being closed for a week. And then once it opens, they'll take 10 to now 12%. They're
now saying 12. After banks steal money from accounts in Cyprus, they will start doing
it everywhere.
Michael Snyder reports, absolutely, Michael. Russia sending warship fleet to Mediterranean,
Russian naval base in Cyprus coming next. And yes, there's reports in MSNBC and other
places. I forgot to print that or text it to you guys. Will you print me? Russia offers
Cyprus aid.
And what they're saying is they'll come in and bail them out and then prop them up. So
it's kind of like one gangster's coming in and saying, look, we won't take your bank
accounts, just let us have a naval base. And then we'll give you some deals on gas with
gas prom as well, the big Russian owned, Russian government controlled gas giant that holds
Italy by the short hairs as well.
So all of this is going on. I mean, these are the times war start. You got fleets cruising
around, you got right out in the open, pure gangsterism. And it is no special feat. It
is no trick. People like Alex, how did you know they would start just seizing money directly
out of bank accounts across the board?
And there it is, this guy knows Cyprus bailout saving shift amid Russian offer. Will you
print that for me? Thank you. So I can go into it in detail. I was out late last night.
I rarely do that. So I didn't get much sleep last night. Very interesting business meeting
last night. Not really business, but it was a lot of business was discussed. I learned
quite a bit about certain sectors of the world last night.
You know, I'm just absolutely committed to staying calm during all of this. But the IMF
and the World Bank are the global virtual reality outfits or uniforms that the private
six global mega banks where they are the holding companies and then subdirectors of that of
the Federal Reserve here in the United States, the Bank of England in England, obviously.
But they've done this over and over and over again. Joseph Stichlitz who left the World
Bank as their chief economist in 2002. Thousands of pages of documents were leaked to Greg
Pallas. It was at the BBC. By the way, you guys get Greg Pallas the next few days. I
meant to tell you, let's get Greg Pallas on.
And Greg released a bunch of the documents. Then the British government started declaring
national security and threatening denotuses. That's where they can shut down any press
report that they don't want out. And they didn't release but a few hundred pages of
them. And in those, it talked about the 112 point plan where the IMF and World Bank go
into third world countries, buy off the leadership, have them shine on to globalist private debts,
corrupt the country. And then a nation like Nigeria can get a billion dollar loan in 1979.
And now they've paid back something like 90 billion on a billion dollars. And it's impossible
to ever pay it back.
And then finally you hear, well, now you owe another 100 billion on the 90 billion that
you've already paid us off 1 billion. So we're gonna have debt forgiveness and the media
is all, how nice. Lord Rothschild called for it or Bill Gates called for it or Davos called
for it.
They go, that's right, all your water, all your roads, your infrastructure, turn it over
to us and we'll forgive your debt. And we're like, we gave it to them for free. They get
everything, you pay hundreds of percentage points in interest in the aggregate, in the
compounding interest and they call it a moratorium.
What's the biblical term when you forgive a debt? It'll pop my mind in a moment, biblical
term for the Jubilee. Yes, yes, we're giving you a Jubilee. We loaned you, in one case
it was a billion dollar and with Brazil it was like 10 billion or something loaned him
in the 80s.
And then they paid back like 70 something billion and then finally refused to say we're
not paying anymore, you've been paid. And then finally they've had a better economy
since they did that. This is debt bondage. This is how this runs. This is why Mexico
is so enslaved. It's why they always devalue their peso as a weapon against their peasants,
as a weapon against their middle class. And it's the same weapon here.
Mexico has more billionaires per capita for 120 million citizens, look it up, than any
other country in the world. I mean, their nouveau riche elite live on 100,000 acre ranches
and palaces. With jet copters and homes in Switzerland. And they have one of the poorest
populations in the world by design. It's not like that's an accident there. And they're
going to take our bank accounts here too. That's all been announced. That's what Homeland
Security is for.
That's what the drones and checkpoints and US intelligence agencies look at every American's
bank account, Reuters. Flaunting it in your face. And those of us that criticize the New
World Order, we're listed as terrorists by the Southern Poverty Law Center who then advises
the police. We're going to break down what this takeover means and how we can stop it
Gusset.com to get only the best all American jeans.
Time and time again, you need to come here and help us we need assistance, please, those
we should be able to depend on let us down federal and state and local officials saying
help is on the way. Well, the folks here in Bell harbor say show me don't depend on the
government to save you. Take action now so that you're prepared for the next disaster
with MyPatriotSupply.com. Get the best prices on storable food, non-GMO seeds, water filtration
devices, home canning equipment, survival and self-reliance books, and more at MyPatriotSupply.com.
Call 866-229-0927.
We are hurting down here and we need help immediately.
Before it's time to survive, it's time to prepare. MyPatriotSupply.com. MyPatriotSupply.com.
Ceramic body armor is rated to stop six hits, but what about the seventh? Unlike ceramic
or Kevlar, Infidel body armor is proven to take hit after hit, and it just won't quit.
Reasonably priced and designed for the smart civilian prepper, Infidel stops hundreds
of hits from small arms to high-powered rifles. That means safety and peace of mind. Buy yours
at InfidelBodyArmor.com. Spelled I-N-F-I-D-E-L, BodyArmor.com. Infidel Body Armor just won't
quit.
We the people grow cotton, we fabric, engrave ink, embed strips and fibers to protect from
counterfeit and carting to a private bank, having it led back at interest, forcing taxes
to service debt. This capitalism or was Jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing
the public currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than a standing
army.
Hi, Ted Anderson. I'm placing a silver dollar in a book, explains our monetary system. Call
for your copy, 800-686-2237. It's time to understand the system. Call 800-686-2237.
That's 800-686-2237.
March into big spring preparedness savings this month at BePrepared.com. Going on now.
Emergency Essentials and BePrepared.com save you 28% off your favorite beef and chicken
combo entrees. Save 24% on number 10 cans of freeze-dried raspberries or save 26% on
our freeze-dried strawberry slices with purchase of 12 or more. Katadyn Pocket Micro Water
Filters are 27% off. Try our fruit-flavored HydroPak Combo Water Filtering Pouches. In
March, buy five 10-packs for a 50% discount. Stock up on wheat with a year's supply of
grains for $70 off. Only at BePrepared.com. And this month, power up with a Goal Zero
Sherpa 50 solar-powered recharging kit at $110 off MSRP and we'll throw in a free $50
Emergency Essentials gift card. The March sale ends March 31st at BePrepared.com. For
contents and details, call Emergency Essentials at 800-999-1863 or click BePrepared.com. The
choice is clear. Be unprepared or BePrepared.com. Last week, Bebe Grillo warns that Italy will
be dropped like a hot potato and that Mario Monte, who was installed by the IMF and World
Bank and the EU, was a bankruptcy receiver to implode the country. And he has been proven
correct on that front. Here are the headlines up at Infowars.com. Banking chief calls for
15% looting of Italian savings. And the United States per capita has, by some estimates,
more public debt and more debt we've signed on to that's the banker's debt. Most of this
is not our debt that even Italy does and Italy's about as bad as it gets with their big socialist
welfare state. And again, they get you into that position and deindustrialize your country
so that you don't have a choice.
So that you don't have jobs, you don't have a way to work, you don't have an economy.
So you basically have to go get government food stamps. You have to be on a government
card. You have to be on government disability. And then once they have enough people working
for corporations, they get government contracts and bailouts, or on welfare, or in the criminal
justice system, or in the psychiatric system, it's game over. This is how they enslave people.
And now because of manufacturing and robotics, they can have big giant factories manufacture
baubles to basically buy off the population for the new status symbols and people will
sell their souls.
People will sell their souls for a fake idea. They'll go pay $8,000, $10,000 to attend a
TED conference and then stay in a dormitory like a cult member to make hundreds of millions
of dollars for TED, the conference, so they can then push globalism on people and imply
that all the cutting edge stuff they talk about is part of the ideology when all they're
doing is using all the interesting people they have at the TED conference to draw people
in and then force feed the globalist, collectivist, neoliberal system into them.
And you ask, what does it have to do with any of this? I was listening to talk radio
this morning and they had caller after caller this new study the RNC did about how they've
got to get with the times or they're over. And it was Democrats calling and celebrating
going I'm a white man, but let me tell you the age of the white people's over.
The Democrats are inclusive, we're winning and would start laughing and then the hosts
were all, my gosh, what are we gonna do? Like buying into it. And the Bill of Rights Constitution
private property not having foreign banks running you has nothing to do with white men.
But they put it out like, the age of the white man's over. You hear that all over the news
and it's like, I love Obama, I'm white, and I joined the winning team or I'm Hispanic.
And meanwhile, he's doubling your insurance premiums, bankrupting everything for foreign
mega banks, carpet bombing all over the world, drone attacks.
But it's like this projection, I'm part of the winning team. And you'll talk to people
that have Barack Obama bumper stickers. I do it, gas station stuff, you can walk over
and I'll go, hey, so Obama won and they'll go, that's right. And I'll go, so tell me
what you feel about it, I'm just feeling really good.
Well, what's the Democratic Party do? Well, the age of the white man's over. That's what
these callers were saying, these were white people cuz the hosts were asking them. And
it was just bizarre, we're part of the winning liberal club. And it's like we're now in the,
what would you call it, country club.
It's like people have their elitist country clubs. And they go to those and they just
sit around the country club in the lounge area by the restaurant. And they just sit
there all day at a table, just with their chins up and their noses up. I finally arrived
and they snobbishly talk about how much money each person has that walks into the country
club.
I know, I've been in plenty of them growing up, visiting friends and family. And that's
the same thing, the media says, you're a part of Ted, you're a winner, you're a part of
the Democratic Party. Why, you're white, but you've denounced it and have ushered in. And
then you're like, yes, whites are evil, I'll do whatever Obama says.
Which is massive tax increases on the poor, tax exemption for the ultra rich, eugenics
based health care, totally open borders, draconian destruction of the Bill of Rights, warrantless
wiretapping, torture, black sites, secret arrest, forced abortions worldwide, forced
GMO, no labeling of aspartame, arresting people for marijuana, TSA checkpoints on the highways,
just abject tyranny.
But you know what, I'm feeling good, the media told me I'm winning. And it was just like
Republicans did when Bush was in there like, I don't care what he does, I don't care if
he tortures people, I don't care if he did. You know what, we're winners, we're Republicans
and you stupid liberals have lost, aha, aha, it's like childlike. I'm gonna give the number
out and take some calls when we come back on the economic issue and I'm gonna drill
into it in depth and tell you what's coming next, stay with us.
We're on the march, the empire's on the run, Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers, a prognosis for the entire planetary
economic system runs from bad to worse. The globalist model is to shut down societies
and starve patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover.
That's why we've assembled the most vital and important preparedness items at infowarshop.com.
These are items that I did research on that I personally use. You've got the life straw
so you can turn fetid water into safe water anywhere you go. The Ktor hand crank generator
to charge up key equipment during power outages or out in the field.
Strategic relocation, third edition by Joel Skousen. When disaster strikes by Matthew
Stein. Thera safe used by Homeland Security to protect yourself during any radiological
event. Hand crank shortwave AM FM radios. Everything that we've researched and found
to be the best is available at infowarshop.com and your purchase makes our info war possible.
We're getting prepared. Are you info wars shop.com. If you want an American company
with American products made by Americans, here is the cow bend soap company. Alex and
his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These all natural soaps are made
from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth friendly and safe. See
them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Buy the 1 to 2 month sample
package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what you're using now or save big
with a 1 to 2 year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. You prepare
by purchasing gold, food, and firearms, but if you don't have a home security system,
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping
or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out Simply Safe. It's a new
do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to GetSimplySafe.com.
Simply Safe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power, so even if the grid
goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit, or shed. GetSimplySafe.com. Simply Safe is also
ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger
into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever
you go. You aren't always at home, but Simply Safe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com.
Defending the Republic from enemies foreign and domestic, it's Alex Jones.
So I specifically want to hear from stockbrokers, investors, people that own gold. What's your
view on what's happening with the economy? People always ask me, Alex, why do you want
to own gold and silver? I don't know, I started buying silver when it was $4, $5 an ounce.
It went up to almost 50, went down to 30 something, never sold any of it because it's my emergency
backup.
I don't have that much of it. I don't have that much savings period. I put almost all
the money I make back into this Infowars operation to resist the globalists because there's no
future if we don't beat them. My investment isn't defeating the new world order. That's
what I'm really going after.
But I do have gold and silver. I bought firearms. I bought a Barrett 50 caliber rifle many years
ago that went from like $3,000 to $20,000 today. Last year, I said I better buy another
one. It was $5,000, it's now $25,000. I've told people invest in guns, invest in gold
and silver, invest in real estate in the right area.
Invest in farmland that is profitable. That's what I've been telling people for 17 years
on air. And it's not because I'm some genius. It's because I studied what the globalists
are actually doing. While bad mouthing owning farmland, while bad mouthing owning gold and
silver, while bad mouthing having storeable foods, while bad mouthing owning guns, that's
what they own.
That's what they're into. That's what they do. I talked to a major defense contractor
who was leaving the US five years ago. I've told the story many times. And the person
was telling me this and I'm talking to him and I'll go back and search engine them later
and it's them.
And they said, I think you're gonna be getting real big. You're gonna be getting real popular
if you stay alive. And I said, why? And they said, you're dead on, dead on, dead on. Dead
on, dead on. And this person was worth $3.5 billion the time I looked him up.
And my point is, the power structure is sitting here telling you, don't do all these things.
And the Southern Poverty Law Center and ADL are putting out reports saying there is no
world government. There is no New World Order. There is no bank run coming. There is no global
devaluation. There is no 2 billion bullets. There are no armored vehicles. There are no
checkpoints even though they're all over the local news.
And they're doing this because they cannot have a public debate about it until they finally
have a trigger event to blame the financial collapse on. And I've said that's probably
in my gut would be something like a low yield nuke going off in Chicago.
And people ask, why do you say Chicago? Chicago, Dallas, Cleveland, because the CFR likes to
brag and they've said in three different reports, Dallas, Cleveland, Chicago, and Denver. They've
also said Denver. And they just keep saying that and then they over the weekend they had
a radiation alert on the subway trains in Illinois and freaked out, had another one
in another place and helicopters flying around.
And I've seen it movies and film and they just always tell you what they're gonna do
before they do it. And there's about 100 other points that go into that conservatively, but
they don't care if I get up here and say they're gonna nuke Chicago. They'll just say, he didn't
really say that.
He said that after the fact on video and said that it was a, you know, said in 2013. But
it was, he didn't really say that. And you'll be like, well, I heard him say it. No, look,
this YouTube is from the time. That's a fake timestamp. He didn't predict 9-11. He didn't
say they'll blow up the World Trade Center and blame it on bin Laden on July 25th, 2001.
Full free number to join us because I want your take on all of this 800-259-9231, 800-259-9231.
First time callers, I wanna get your financial, your take on what's happening.
Now the reason I get into gold and silver, and I guess I should plug my resources here,
is because they're the trusted name who I've been buying from and working with 16 years
now is because people say, well, they could confiscate your gold and silver. Yeah, they
could come try to take my kids too.
I mean, I still had three children. I'd have more if I could talk my wife into it. But
the issue here is that it's harder for them to come take gold and silver. It's harder
for them than it is to just take it out of your bank account. But I always love the defeatist
attitude. And it's because of the defeatist attitude that the globalist have announced
first 10, now 12% of the bank accounts.
And even though the Parliament of Cyprus won't vote to do it, they're moving ahead with the
plan Reuters is reporting. And now they're saying, don't worry, if you don't have a lot
of money in the bank, less than 10,000 euros, we'll only take 7% now. Isn't that nice of
them? See, first, we're gonna take 10, take 12, only 7, that's reasonable and they're
calling it a tax.
Just like forcing you to buy Obamacare doubles the rate the first year, it's set to triple
it by 2015. That's the insurance consortium of lobbyists to put that out. It's now doubling
in 2013, as we told you three years ago would do, that's what their own Congressional Budget
Office predicted.
Because they can make you buy it now and you're like, but it's gonna kill businesses. It's
gonna make people lay everybody off and make everybody go part time so they're exempt.
That's part of the plan. And then when you can't pay your bills cuz you're part time,
you're gonna go on the digital welfare card.
And now they're gonna say you're off your welfare card if you don't take all the shots.
And then you're gonna wonder why your kid dies when they're 12, after they've had 300,
400 shots. That's what it is now, they try to give you 20, 30 shots a year. The average
shot has three different things in it. It's in the hundreds of shots now.
The kids are walking dead, I can see death in their faces. I can hardly go to a restaurant
now. You'll see some beautiful woman with her husband and these children, and you can
look into their faces and see the death on them. You can see the shadows. You can see
it in their bone structure, you can see the coloration.
You can see where their connective tissues leaning in on their bone structure. I can
see the death in their little twinkly eyes, and I'm supposed to like that. Well, you know
what, I don't like it. I don't like watching their little twinkly eyes twinkle that much
brighter cuz they're being killed.
The eyes twinkle the closer you get to death, did you know that? Even if you've been dumbed
down and have a glaze over your eyes and you've been dying a long time. You ever been around
somebody a day before they die? You ever been there right when they die? You ever looked
into their eyes, the fire, the fire, the fire of intellect, the fire of the spirit, the
fire of a body that had a mission and was meant to do things.
The fire of the ancestral memory of what we are and all that we've been through together,
allowing ourselves to be captured by a bunch of insane scientists playing games with us
like we're animals. 800-25-99231, first time callers on financial issues. So they've got
a bank holiday. It's a holiday, yeah. To quote Gerald Cilente, it's one of those holidays.
New freedom initiative to force drug half the kids in America. It's a new freedom. The
Patriot Act to secretly arrest you and break in your house without warrants. And if you
catch them and you speak out ten years in prison, arresting members of the press that
expose corruption.
It's a holiday. Yeah, I wanna go on a holiday. Wanna dance a little bit, a little rockabilly
dance there. It's a holiday, like Frank Sinatra would say. Sounds like a great holiday to
me. You go on a holiday, and let's say you've shaved up 200, 300,000 euros for retirement.
Everybody retirees, cops, fire department, all you people that serve the system, bureaucrats,
all of you.
You can't get any money out of the bank. Notice they waited till Friday when the automatic
transfers went in. They've got regulations in Europe where they basically force you to
do that. They're trying that here. It's the automatic cash transfer. Your check goes in
and you go to get it.
They're like, sorry, yeah, the bank's closed on Saturday and Sunday. They have some that
are open on Sunday in Cyprus. Sorry, it's closed. Sorry, you can't get any money out.
You can get 50 euros out of the ATM. It's run out of money. It's a holiday. Everybody
wants to go on a holiday. Gee, I wish we get one of those holidays around here. And
don't worry, you'll get your holiday.
You'll get your holiday. And I love how they got paid trolls on infoawars.com in these
articles saying this isn't happening. And we can track the IP addresses. They are bots,
most of them. Some of them appear to be humans, but they go back to Defense Department computers
and others.
They don't even hide it now that 73% of Obama's Twitters are fake and Department of Defense
run and Media Matters is Department of Defense, basically. All of this, it's just funny to
them. And you know what? You're gonna get your bank account taken too. But you don't
care.
Your kid's gonna die of cancer too. You don't care. It's a holiday. There's no drones. Everybody
knows Mad Dog Ben Richards is the brutal murderer at Bakersfield and committed murder there
and the government stopped him. And now he's gonna be paying for it on the running man.
I mean, you saw the TV, Mad Dog Ben Richards, he did it. And who loves you and who do you
love? The running man, the number one television show in the whole wide world.
So I would give Midas Resources a call and I would take advantage of only one order per
person for two turn to the last century 100 year old silver dollars with an Obama deception
and an animated film that's high quality. I mean, it's like Hollywood quality. American
Dream, that's a $40 free gift and each film 20 bucks. And then a $20 book, dishonest money,
a book and two films and free shipping, that's usually $10.
So that's 60, 70. That's $70 free, $72 shipping included for two silver dollars at cost as
a loss leader to get you introduced to it. 800-686-2237, 800-686-2237, our great sponsor
that helps us get the word out. And of course, the brokers will be happy to send you 10 reasons
to own gold, the free booklet as well.
And while you're there, ask them about some of the day's gold and silver specials from
junk silver right on up to bullion, right on up to collectibles. And they've got the
best deals on collectibles as well. Ask them about it all, Canadian maple leafs, British
sovereigns, all of it. 800-686-2237, 800-686-2237, 800-686-2237. You know what, I'll go to your
calls right now, and then I'm gonna drill into this economic news and write down what
it means.
But bottom line, it's this, if you grovel to the power structure, if you just accept
anything they want, if you think that's what gets you ahead in life, people think it's
a virtue to be stupid, a virtue to be ill-informed, a virtue to not care, a virtue to laugh at
tyranny as you live on the fumes of liberty that our ancestors viciously fought and killed
for.
Our ancestors killed a lot of people. I mean, the biggest military the world had ever seen
that had beaten the Dutch and the French and the Spanish and the Portuguese who had empires
all over the world. And who had beaten the Russians and everybody else, our ancestors
beat them and beat everybody else to have a little bit of liberty.
And they were such vicious animals, philosopher kings, that they built a civilization where
4% of the world's population had over half the wealth. And it actually went to a middle
class which others could then enjoy from around the world, so everybody wanted to get here.
And now, folks, we've been taught lay down, be cowardly, grovel. I mean, I go to places
and I look at the average men. And I used to get threatened at a subconscious level
by guys with tattoos and big arms and trying to act tough and acting, you know what, now
I admire those guys.
At least they're trying to be manly. At least they understand it's important to be an alpha
male. Guys think, you think you're really tough, you're trying to act tough. And then
I would sit there and think about, well, I got in a fight with them, this would happen.
Because I'm primitive as well. Now I realize at least they're trying to be men, and they're
bucking the whole system. So I salute you on your Harleys. I salute you. I salute you
in your street fighting.
I salute the UFC. I salute it. Because at least a lot of it's corrupt and bad, but it's
better than what we've got. This nanny state of toddling men walking around with a spirit
of weakness in them. I mean, I go and I look at people and they just wanna be overrun.
They wanna be enslaved. They just, they love it. They love their wife bossing them around.
They love walking behind their wife or girlfriend. They love groveling to the police. They love
groveling to bureaucrats. And let me tell you, when you act like that, it's like going
off the coast of San Diego for a month and dumping rotten fish heads and blood and rotten
pig parts into the water.
What do you think's gonna happen? A big giant great white shark's gonna show up. And it's
gonna attack. It's like swimming in bloody water in the North Atlantic or in the South
Pacific hammerheads. Tiger sharks are gonna come. You're begging for a Mako to come and
bite your leg off.
I mean, you are begging. Listen, I know you've been taught going along gets you places. That
was in the early takeover phase. That will not get you anywhere now. All you mercenaries
that sold out and bought into the idea of this new world order. All right, let's go
to phone calls. I'm out of control. Frank in Canada, he wants to talk about retirement
funds.
Yeah, I haven't gotten to that yet. Yeah, they've changed rules worldwide, laws to start
taking your retirement funds. Congress has been having hearings on that. Canada has been
talking about it. But I mean, hey, what's wrong with foreign banks taking your retirement
fund 10, 20% and then more later and giving it to themselves so they can have some of
these bankers have yachts the size of World War II battleships, literally.
I mean, what's wrong with that? I mean, that's liberal. You're not an extremist, are you?
The Southern Poverty Law Center says if you criticize that, you're a terrorist. You're
not a you're not a terror. You're not one of those evil white males, are you, Frank?
Oh, no. Goodness forbid that I would be. But, you know, you hit the nail on the head today
with what you're saying a bravo for it. I mean, this is a classic divide and conquer
strategy that notice how they do this in smaller countries first, like Cyprus and Greece kind
of field testing here in Canada.
I mean, we have a very similar program to what's in the US with our 401ks and IRAs and
so forth. There's already the discussion that, you know, small segment of people have been
saving diligently, putting money away. But maybe just maybe we should be looking at smoothing
out the risk, going to more of a public system. What does that mean? Well, all of a sudden
you got a whole bunch of people that didn't contribute because, A, they didn't even have
the jobs to do it or were taxed to hire for whatever reason. And B, all of a sudden the
people that did save, if their money is taking for them, who's going to complain because
they're smoothing it out?
And that's how they begin. And people got to get this idea.
Oh, no. This is a at the grassroots socialism leading into communism with a globalist offshore
exempt transferring the lion's share 90 plus percent of it to themselves. It is unbelievable.
And listen, they're going to take everything and they're going to have people running around
and giggling, celebrating as things collapse. But the dumb down masses won't even know their
standard of living is collapsing as it'll be done over years. I mean, this has been
done over and over again. This is the purposeful destruction of the golden goose.
Absolutely. And you're seeing this now with Cyprus, which is kind of a beta test. It just
wants to throw it out there, see what people think in the rest of the Western world. And
I'm telling you, it's going to be coming to North America. You can already see it. They're
already foreshadowing their talks. They already have an Obamacare. What is a three point eight
percent tax on investment funds after tax, after capital gains?
They have a huge increase in payroll taxes on the poorest people. They've got all sorts
of hidden taxes. I mean, they're doing it here. Absolutely. And then the economy stalls
and then their answer is more stimulus, which only they get to use. Absolutely. Well said,
Frank. Thank you. Gerald, Travis, Aaron, John, your calls are coming up straight ahead.
I mean, you heard the media when that golfer last year or this year said, hey, I'm paying
65 percent in taxes. That's too much. The media attacked him. He apologized. He said,
you're right. I need to pay more than 65 percent. I'm a bad person.
If you're listening, you know, your basic freedoms are being threatened every day. If
you're listening, you know, the economy is not getting better. You know, gas and food
prices are skyrocketing. Now is the time to get prepared for years. We've told you about
our friends at E Foods Direct. They have the best tasting, long term, storable food on
the planet. This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long
term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing
you need most. Be prepared and get your supply from E Foods Direct. Right now is the best
time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give
yourself peace of mind and be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com
slash Alex. Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go
to efoodsdirect.com slash Alex. You can bet your life on E Foods Direct. Is this the year
you finally get serious about your family's drinking water? If so, keep listening for
a special offer from Big Berkey Water Filters. Did you know that over 60% of municipal water
is fluoridated? Berkey Water Filters distinguish themselves from many other filtration systems
with the capability to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine, fluoride, arsenic and
disinfection byproducts from municipal water via the black Berkey and PF line of filters.
Then there's affordability. At only 1.7 cents per gallon, Berkey Water Filters purify treated
and untreated water, even stagnant pond water. Stop and think how much money you could save
by simply reducing buying bottled water and using water filtered by your Berkey Water
Filter. No need to be constantly replacing expensive filters with a Berkey. A single
set of filters can last for five to 10 years. Choose the best size Berkey for your needs
at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com. And right now, all GCN listeners get 5% off all ceramic filter
systems. Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY. That's 877-99-BERKEY or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
Free shipping on every order over $50. Big Berkey Water Filters, for the love of clean
water.
Weakened by GMOs, stressed out about money and blasted by the electric environment. Hi,
I'm Pastor Jenny and that was the state I was in back in 2010. Then I learned about
RNA drops. I learned that 97% of my DNA that scientists have called junk is actually packed
with millions of gene switches that play a critical role in controlling how my cells,
organs and other tissues behave. I learned I don't have to put up with disease decay
or decline like I'd been conditioned to believe. I began taking RNA drops, a 100% natural formula
designed to turn on those switches and provide me with amazing health and joy. Learn more
about RNA drops and order a free sample today. Visit RNAfreesample.com. That's RNAfreesample.com
or call toll free 888-577-3703. Pay only shipping and handling for a free 30 day supply
of RNA drops. Get the information you need and the health you want at RNAfreesample.com.
Alex Jones here back live going back to your calls. I'm going to go through all the headlines
when we start the next hour and then continue with calls ahead of a special guest joining
us. But it's really happening. They are now arbitrarily, even though Cyprus wouldn't vote
to do it, just announcing they're going ahead to grab 10% of everybody's bank account and
then they may do it more and they're talking about doing it now in Italy and in other countries.
In fact, let me punch up drudgereport.com for TV viewers. You can see it on screen.
Radio listeners just go there. New EU bailout plan, steal bank accounts. Island set to seize
personal savings. Plan moves ahead as vote delayed. They just moved ahead. The banks
are closed, can't get your money. Putin says it's unfair, dangerous. And now they're talking
about further bank runs around Europe. Amazing, amazing that all of this is happening. There's
the info wars.com link. Will Italy follow? They've got top German banking ministers calling
for 15% from the Italians. And of course it's rocked the stock markets worldwide, the Euro,
the US stock market, you name it, Dow has dropped.
But the issue here is that this isn't just a tax as they're calling it. It's arbitrary.
It's the unelected EU bureaucracy that's now appointing presidents and prime ministers
in places like Italy and Greece. And this is the technocratic model where a foreign
banking cartel appoints your presidents and they call it a global government. And then
I go, hey, look at the Financial Times of London calling for $100 trillion tax every
ten years paid to private banks to back up their derivatives.
And the Southern Poverty Law Center comes out and says I'm insane, it doesn't exist,
and I'm dangerous, and that white men are terrorists. Just to get us to all fight with
each other. What does white men have to do with it? I guess it's old white men in Europe
running the New World Order. It's bankers. I guess the Rothschilds are white. I guess
the Queen of England's white. I guess that's how they distract us. It's just like, hey,
don't take my bank account. Shut up, racist. Hey, don't take my guns. Shut up, racist.
Hey, I don't want you to double my insurance prices. This is a really bad scam. Shut up,
racist. And then it works on people. I listen to talk radio. There's these new GOP reports
that I'm gonna cover later in the next hour where they come out and say, yeah, we did
a new study and nobody likes the Republicans cuz they call for smaller government.
The Republicans haven't gone for smaller government. It's why conservatives won't vote for them.
But it's all just this hoax. Let's go to Travis. You're on the air from Oklahoma. Go ahead.
Hey, Alex, how you doing, man?
Good, you're listening on 102.3.
In Oklahoma City?
Yeah, FM, go ahead.
Yes, sir. We all know that this stuff's coming down the pipeline. And we post stuff on Facebook
and things like that and try to get the word out. But we need to sincerely set up a date
or something and everybody go up to Washington and literally drag them people out of there.
I'm not even kidding, man. Cuz sitting around and talking about it's not gonna do anything.
Well, see, they know it's gonna get to that point. So then they're gonna stage events
up front right at the point they know that we've won politically in the wake up to then
say we're violent to try to crack down on us.
And then have a civil war, which the IMF in its own document says is part of the IMF riot
plan, which then implodes confidence even more. And so then they come in and consolidate
things to a greater extent. See, they know your common sense approach. That's why we've
gotta have this be an info war and navigate it.
And then hold our fire until they openly start fights. But see, they know that. So they'll
just stage things blowing up government facilities that have child daycare centers in them to
show dead kids on TV.
In fact, when they blow stuff up, it will be a daycare in a federal facility. That's
one of their favorite things to do. So we've gotta be smarter than that, my friend, but
I hear your frustration.
This is GCN, the Genesis Communications Radio Network.
This is GCN, the Genesis Communications Radio Network.
This is GCN, the Genesis Communications Radio Network.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
The globalists want a worldwide $100 trillion for every 10-year tax of FDRs on carbon taxes
and every human activity to shut down the economy and transfer all wealth into their
social engineering systems, to remake society in a nightmare eugenics-based system.
The EU, as I predicted, as Max Keiser predicted, as Gerald Salente predicted, is a receivership
arm designed to implode Europe and consolidate it. Paul Watson's written tons of articles
on this. One of the more recent was bankers declare they've conquered Europe and the United
States and it breaks down where they plan this.
And then I hear other people, socialists mainly, defending the EU because they like authoritarianism.
And they say the bankers wanna loot the euro. They built the euro to implode it into a greater
euro. We need to get rid of the whole thing, go back to nation states, not new Soviet empires.
The euro is like the Soviet Union and is evil and must die. It politically must die. Let's
go to your phone calls. I'm gonna break all this down in this hour. John in New York,
thanks for holding your on the air. Welcome.
Hey, how you doing? It's my first time calling. Thanks for taking my call. Listen, you know,
I listen to you a lot and I do my homework and, you know, Gerald Salente, you know, he
said it, you know, get your three Gs, your guns, gold, and your getaway plan, because
you know what? That's what it's coming down to. You know, this country is morally bankrupt,
economically bankrupt, and this has been going on since the early 1900s, late 1800s.
Oh, yeah. And the socialists now. I mean, I hear him and it's so bizarre. I think I'm
in a Twilight Zone episode. They call into radio and laugh and they're mainly white.
It's this whole race based thing. It's like a race obsession. I'm really sick of it. And
they go white people laws. Obama is winning and it's a total screw job. Obama works for
the mega bank. Same people as Romney. They're hammering everybody. But, you know, one tenth
of one one hundredth, you know, the real superclash America, Europe's being imploded, the whole
world's being imploded.
And they call in giggling like a three year old going nanny nanny boo boo. Stick your
head and you know, you know what? I mean, literally adults. I'm sure you've heard them.
I mean, they're like nanny nanny boo boo. We won. We won. Whitey is scared. And I'm
like, what does it have to do with Whitey? And they go Whitey, Whitey. And you're like,
you mentally ill person. Shut up. Mega banks are taking bank accounts. Everybody's. I won.
I won. I won. And they're like, I work for the government or I work for a company. So
what? So what? And they think if they imagine they're part of it, it makes them winners.
It'd be like going out the middle of the highway with 18 wheelers going 80 miles an hour. They've
upped the speed limit to that here in Texas and going out on I-35 and just jumping in
front of a car and going, I'm your friend. I'm your friend. And it just smashes you.
The car slides over your guts. Your brains are all over the place. I've seen somebody
hit by a car going like 70 miles an hour. Just splatters you unrecognizable. But it
doesn't matter. The last thing in their mind is I'm the car's friend. I'm a winner. Kinetic
energy doesn't matter. Baby, love me car. Bell, love me. I mean, do you understand the
mental illness I'm talking about here, sir? I'm sorry.
Yeah, let's take it back to stuff. Man, Lady Liberty's been hit by that bus. And she splattered
all over the highway with her guts hanging out. Let me tell you something about the men
in this country. There are no men left in this country. Everybody talks about, you know,
Max Keiser said it the best. You know, you got your second amendment. What are you fighting
for? The tradition for it? What are you gonna let those things sit under your bed and collect
them?
Well, Max, Max, overall, I think's a good guy, but he also believes in global warming
and a bunch of other stuff. And, you know, he's always like, America's gonna collapse.
America's gonna collapse. Well, what about the euro? I've been saying it's gonna collapse
first. And, and, you know, so I know Max is listening. He said he listens religiously.
The point is, is that, is that, look, we've got to be fighting the info war viciously
ahead of not wanting to have a physical confrontation. But every day we fight, if there is gonna
be a physical confrontation, it's money in the political bank that we discredit the system.
It's a life and death situation. I mean, what do you think we should do?
If you don't take it straight, it's gonna be a long unwinding. I mean, this has been
going on since the early 1900s. They took over the education system. They took over
our economics and the Federal Reserve. I mean, it's gonna take a long time to unwind it.
We have ways far down the line. You're right. You're right. I look at the average people.
They are begging to be slaves. I mean, they are just shuffling around weakly, going, ugh,
ugh. They just worship government. They worship tyranny.
I had tried everything. I'd cut back the amount of food I was eating. I was lifting weights
and jogging, but nothing was working. My body was literally starving for minerals and trace
elements as well as key vitamins. And as soon as I had that, I immediately could eat half
of what I was eating previously and be satisfied. Now, there are hundreds of great products
at Infowarsteam.com, but I want to point out the three that have helped me lose 37 pounds
in just two months. Products like Beyond Tangy Tangerine, Holland Burst, and Rebound. When
I started taking the Tangy Tangerine and other products every day, I lost more than 37 pounds
in just two months. Now that's results. I want to challenge my listeners to go to Infowarsteam.com
and to order just three of their products. And you will see the changes in the way you
look, feel, and in your appetite almost immediately. Start your journey to health and wellness
today. Infowarsteam.com. Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system portable
on the go. No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You
have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced
manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new Aquamedics advanced
media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the
only one that does it and out of the gates. We have it discounted at 10% off with promo
code water. This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides,
herbicides, chloramines, ammonia, and chlorine. Hydrofluorosolic acid. The most common form
of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro Pure with a new Pro One filter today at Infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions
are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you
for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective
against bacteria, viruses, molds, and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver
has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared, go to SupernaturalSilver.com. Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your
entire order and like us on Facebook.
Big Brother. Mainstream media. Government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Well, the head of the big German central bank is calling for a 15% tax across the board
on any country in the Euro that, quote, owes money to the private central banks. And again,
they owe the money because the governments, since 2008, have publicly signed on from Japan
to Germany, from Greece to the United States, from Canada to Australia. They've all signed
on to too big to fail.
And 92% on average of the debt worldwide is not human's debt. Yeah, they tell you all
day about the welfare debt and the smart card debt and the food stamp debt and the college
debt and the government debt and the county debt. That's all real, but they get you into
that debt to then sign you on to their larger debts.
And they get government to then invest the private pension funds, and in many countries
they're taking over the private pension funds, and the public pension funds in these derivatives.
In fact, that happened, guys, type in US pension funds invested to prop up too big to fail.
Pension funds invested to prop up banks. And you'll see, no exaggeration, hundreds of articles
in Europe, the United States, where in the last four or five years, really accelerating
the last two, it's just minor footnotes in AP, McClatchy, LA Times.
So your pension fund, private or public, was invested in too big to fail. In fact, there
was a big scandal when I saw headlines where private pension ordered to invest to prop
up too big to fail. And you'll see these articles where the heads of company CEOs are, well,
I was ordered to invest the 25 billion of our people's money in this.
And because the shareholders are saying, and the workers are saying, why did you invest
in this? Well, I was ordered to. I mean, it's so insane that I can't even articulate all
the angles of this how bad it is. It's basically they have us being lowered into a wood chipper.
And you're like, well, describe what a wood chipper is like. Well, you know what? I've
never been put through one, so I don't know.
It looks real bad. I've seen what it does to logs you put in it. I've seen what it does
to third world countries, this type of shock therapy, IMF World Bank takeover. And it is
designed not to even bail us out, but to go to the next phase of poverty. And so it was
announced Friday when everybody's paychecks got deposited.
They waited till payday. Your bank account's frozen. You can only get 50 euros out of an
ATM. That all ran out in hours. And now they have a bank holiday until Thursday, and no
one can get their money out. And it's sending shockwaves all over. People say, how dumb
of the EU Central Bank headed up by Goldman Sachs and JP Morgan operatives on record.
How crazy they did this. It's killing confidence. It's killing the bond market. Why it's killing
the euro. Why that's the plan is to panic everybody. And there's an article, just don't
call it a bailout.
European governments devise unusual measures to prop up their ailing banks. There's a new
article on that front. And there it is, pension funds. In Italy, for example, the government
is encouraging banks to buy public properties that the banks then can use to borrow the
money.
As part of the broader deficit reduction program in Portugal, the government essentially is
borrowing money from the bank pension funds and could use some of the funds. Yeah, that's
just one example. There are examples where US companies are, quote, ordered to invest
the lion's share of their people's 401k money in failing bank stocks. Imagine, I order you
to prop up my Bernie Madoff operation.
And so here are some of the headlines that I have on that front. Banking chief calls
for 50% looting of Italian savings. Is the financial rape of Cyprus another IMF riot
waiting to happen? Yeah, key article up at infowars.com, also up at drudgereport.com.
There it is, Japan using public funds to prop up Nikkei. Wall Street Journal, putting people's
pensions in it.
Again, you can just pull up these articles every day. After banks are stealing money
from accounts in Cyprus, they will start doing it everywhere. Michael Schneider, the economic
collapse blog. Yeah, it's already begun. Cyprus government's great bank robbery of private
accounts may shut off bank runs across Europe.
The rape of Cyprus by the European Union and the IMF, zero hedge. Cyprus to put forward
new bailout plan. They say, well, we'll let you know on Thursday what it is. But even
if Cyprus won't vote, we're going ahead with it. But it may just be 3 to 6.75 or 7.5. We
may just take a smaller percentage out of your account, and that makes it okay.
And why not? The IRS and the European Union's version of that has been taking people's bank
accounts in whole for decades. No judge, no jury, no proof, just we seized your account.
We seized your account. Why not? Why not, folks? I mean, all over the world, they tell
you you can't film in public. In Europe, in Canada, in the United States, my crew has
all had on video, cops walk over.
If they're filming in the middle of a city square, on the side of the street, 200 yards
from the cops running a checkpoint, they march over and go, turn that camera off, I'll arrest
you. And they have no law behind them, it's just pure arbitrary crime. And you know what,
if you'll act like that, cops, they're gonna take everything you've got.
Due process protects us all. The Bill of Rights, the Constitution, and similar systems like
it. And there it is, FDIC wants pension funds to prop up failed banks. See, I throw something
out and the guys just start searching and finding it to back me up. That's Bloomberg
News, and that's from 2010.
And by the way, they got the money. In fact, print that, I think that's the article where
it quotes the corporate chief saying, I'm doing it under orders of the Treasury. And
people say, well, how can they order them to do that? Because if you don't, there's
a Justice Department investigation.
And the way they've got SEC rules written, you can't do anything without it being mail
fraud. They can find something to put you in jail. Martha Stewart did nothing, went
to jail. If you publicly steal trillions, you get to become Treasury Secretary. If you
publicly give yourself 200 million of bailout money, like Paulson, you don't get in trouble.
If you commit hardcore giant crimes out in front of everyone, you're fine, if you're
a globalist.
But look, Justice Department, I told you this two years ago, I told you they would start
investigating and then indict News Corps. I'm telling you, they may arrest everybody
over at News Corps. And then you'll have people that actually were involved in hacking clearly,
where all his underlings just got arrested.
Here's Morgan, he won't get in any trouble. Notice they signed the EU deal and said that
they were just going to start taking the money out of the bank account. And now they're spending
it, we're considering it. That's how they spend this. Okay, let's go to your calls as
promised. I just hope everybody realizes the off the chart magnitude of what's going on
here because I'm gonna explain it to you again.
They want to bankrupt everything and then have only people working for government and
mega corporations that are above the law. And then they're gonna replace us all with
robots like Foxconn's doing at the Apple slave factories, Apple slave factories. But it's
like, I talked to so-called liberals who are really weirdo, mentally ill, authoritarians
who like to lick their lips and feel powerful.
And I go, what about Al Gore in the slave camps? They go, shut up, old white man, you're
gonna fail. I'm like, you're white, you're supporting total slavery in China. And they're
just like, shut up, loser, I'm a winner. And they could have $10 for their name, they act
like this.
It's imagining, and it's all this weird socialist race-based thing. They're part of the winning
club, mental illness. And the Republicans have come out in a new study and said, we
agree, we've gotta give up on everything, open borders, gay marriage, that'll make everyone
love us. No, it won't, you're just joining the hoax. People are leaving you in mass because
they know you're globalist.
All right, let's go to your calls. Aaron in California, you're on the air, thanks for
holding.
No, no, let me tell you what's happening in Cyprus right now. They're taking real money,
billion, 6 billion in real euros, and they're replacing that with another loan. Okay, so
that's very clear, they're still on the hook, so they got principle and interest going.
The solution to that is for all of the slaves to begin withdrawing the money all over the
world from the banks and holding those notes, of course, and diversifying into precious
metals.
Well, you're right, but only on average, there's less than 2% to 3% worldwide of actual physical
cashola.
You gotta take it out of there, that's gonna precipitate the decline, the dominoes will
start to fall then, that's what they admit to. So let's have that progressed, take the
money out, then they begin to get more and more desperate, and we get to the end game.
No, no, I agree, I mean, I've been telling my wife for months cuz I'm too busy, we gotta
get a little bit of cash out, I don't have that much. But the point is, is that it is
time to, those old timers, they're dumb, they bury it in the root cellar, put it in the
wall.
They've been through having their money taken and devalued, I mean, my great grandfather
who owned one of the, I think it was the first Chevy dealership in the Dallas, Fort Worth
area, the point is, he didn't turn his gold in.
And my grandmother who's still alive, that was my grandfather's dad, but my grandmother
remembers her grandfather who worked for Sun Oil, he didn't turn his gold in in 1933. And
again, they couldn't come arrest everybody, they arrested a few people, put it in the
newspaper to scare everybody.
A lot of people went and turned their gold in for dollars that were then devalued, and
then gold was doubled in price a year later. I mean, look, folks, they will do anything
if you follow their orders, go ahead.
Yeah, I think you should have an allocation about half in US Federal Reserve notes and
half in precious metals, then you play it both ways. I think that's the safe bet out
of the system. That's the most thing out of their system where they can get their hands
on it electronically. So I think that's the solution.
No, I agree. And that's the problem with having a cashless society. The problem with having
a cashless society is an angel isn't running it. Well, I guess an angel is the devil. Good
guys aren't running it. These are globalists that are social engineers, who again, one
example of how they make money, General Electric, it's a waiver to not shut down their coal
power plants and has Obama shut down 200 plus a year, doubling and tripling the profits
of General Electric. That's how they make money shutting you down.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing
a full selection of silver-based products. Our most popular silver-based products are
the 32 ounce nano silver solutions, our two ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well
as our all natural silver soaps. Just released is our 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver
gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and leave the silver
at the surface. But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing
chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the
silver more effectively. Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver-based
products are best for you. That's www.silverlungs.com.
In the US, one in every 50 homes will have a break in this year. Burglars call it smash
and grab. Police call it robbery. We call it avoidable. We are Fake TV, a simple electronic
device that can fool even professional burglars. Fake TV easily plugs into any outlet and simulates
the changing colors of a television. To a burglar, it looks like someone must be home
watching TV, so they'll likely move on to an easier target. At only $34.95, Fake TV
costs less than a month of most alarm monitoring plans, and it's perfect if you're traveling
or away from home. Order your Fake TV by calling 877-5FAKETV or go to faketv.com. That's 877-532-5388
or faketv.com. Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
Now there's an amazing new natural antibiotic every person must have. It's cells-alive
silver solution, and it destroys over 650 hard-to-kill viruses, fungus, bacteria, and
much more. Cells-alive silver solution has no expiration date, is great for emergency
kits and storage shelters, and comes in 8- or 16-ounce bottles. Order today at 888-910-4367
or visit hempusa.org. Hempusa.org, 100% chemical-free superfoods and unique health products.
We the people grow cotton, weave fabric, engrave ink, embed strips and fibers to protect from
counterfeit and carting to a private bank, having it led back at interest, forcing taxes
to service debt. This capitalism, or was Jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing
the public currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than a standing
army? Hi, Ted Anderson. I'm placing a free silver dollar in a book that explains our
monetary system. Call for your copy, 800-686-2237. It's time to understand the system. Call
800-686-2237. That's 800-686-2237.
Hello, this is Ty Bollinger, author of the bestselling book, Cancer Step Outside the
Box. I want you to know some very important information. In 1985, President Ronald Reagan
requested that Carnivora be sent directly to the White House at a time when only the
president could obtain its world-class healer. Now, 27 years later, Carnivora capsules are
used around the world to keep people healthy. Now you can protect yourself and your loved
ones in this age of superbugs with 17 naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond
to abnormal cells only without harming a single normal cell. If you want to stay healthy,
now's your chance to literally wake up your critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders
that don't belong in your body. Call 1-866-VenusFly or order from Carnivora.com. That's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A.com.
That's 1-866-836-8735, 1-866-VenusFly or visit Carnivora.com. Protect your immune system.
It's the only one you've got.
Ladies and gentlemen, there are fire bombings going on. This is breaking right now in Cyprus.
They've got live feeds of it on Fox News. That is unfolding. And that's part of the
IMF plan. They know people will then riot. If they have to, they'll get provocateurs
to do it. And then that will drive down confidence even more so the globalists can come in and
buy it up even faster. This is not my opinion. It's in the IMF World Bank plans that got
leaked in 2002. It's in my book, Descent into Tyranny. It was covered by the BBC. I'm going
to get Greg Palast back on about this very, very soon. And when they're done, they're
going to do that here. And that's what the armored vehicles and the bullets and all of
it are about.
You're like, well, I just won't riot then. Oh, don't worry. They're going to blow stuff
up and say we did it. They're already saying white gun owners that believe in a new world
order are going to bomb things. Whites are inherently terrorists. Christians are inherently
terrorists. And you're like, why are they doing that? Well, here's a new poll out, a
new big study.
Are you an older white Republican man? Study finds you are most likely to ditch news outlet.
And it goes over the fact that they've done a new Pew Research states of the media report.
And I've got that report right here. The state of the news media 2013. It shows mainstream
media is dying overall, but that white men particularly just don't even trust it or believe
it.
Well, no kidding, because they've been chosen to be the bad guys. They get on CNN, MSNBC
every day. And I've been covering this a lot lately because it's crazy. It's working. And
they just say, don't like turning your guns in, racist. Don't like socialism, racist.
Don't like open borders, racist. Don't like banks taking your money, racist. Don't want
your pension funds rated racist. And they've connected race-based politics with women.
And they've got white women going, that's right, white men are evil. I mean, literally
on the news. And it's okay to do that. Imagine if they had the women and everybody else saying
black people were bad or something or Hispanics.
But again, you're like, it doesn't make sense. Yes, it does. Because it's about you're the
winning team. Your team won the Super Bowl. Team women, team minority, which is the majority
defeated white guys. Yay, healthcare's doubling in price. And you're like, why am I happy?
Doesn't matter, feels good. And it's this bandwagon collectivist weirdo stuff. And then
they're gonna blow stuff up and say the evil white males did it and the whole homeland
security is for the veterans and the white men.
And then they have the Republicans. Look at this ridiculous headline. I'm gonna go to
your calls. You guys can punch this up on screen. Bowties and Mohawks at the CPAC 2013
show. No, I've got it on my computer screen right there. It's International Business Times.
Bowties and Mohawks at the CPAC 2013 show.
Changing Republican Party. See, that's what change is all about. What color you are, what
color your Mohawk is. Not about the content of your heart, your mind, what you stand for.
It's about, ooh, a Mohawk. So now the Republicans are parading people around with pink Mohawks
to go, hey kids, we're trendy. We're with the times. Yeah, we agree. We want totally
open borders and world government and socialism.
And you know what, let's teach five year olds how to have gay sex. Yes, yes, we're trendy.
Why just ask Senator Lindsey Graham, he knows all about it, about how to be trendy. Bowties
and Mohawks at CPAC 2013 show changing Republican Party. Yeah, don't talk about how mega banks
are robbing us.
Don't talk about crony capitalism and the elite taking over. Don't talk about the loss
of basic freedom for everybody. Don't talk about Martin Luther King saying colorblind
society. No, no, no, no, we have cool people, bowties and Mohawks. My God, kids, don't you
want to vote Republican now?
And this is the whole mind control job by the globalists that own the Republicans as
well that want this whole agenda push through to make everything not about liberty and freedom
and private property, but about your group. Group rights, not individual rights, group
rights. And then who represents the group rights, the group leaders that are globalist
controlled and the state that referees at all.
And so that's how they're fully converting over into this new system where we're all
basically divided into our own groups. And they have the new poll out GOP study calls
for changes to halt presidential losing streak. And the answer basically become the Democratic
Party. Get with the times, I mean, abortion is so cool.
Doesn't matter that polls show in young people over 70% are anti-abortion. Women were more
and more anti-abortion, but I've seen the big studies. It's actually working by saying,
hey, women, you showed the white men, you get to kill your babies. A lot of women are
like suddenly clipping back to the Democrats because it's the bandwagon effect of, I want
to be a winner.
I'll drive around all satisfied in my car because I'm hooked on to Obama and he's pimping
me out to the new world order. I mean, this is, you know, the vice president's pimping
me out. It's just all so patronizing. Your call's coming up.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN radio network.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben soap company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at five star soap.com or call 800-340-7091
for a free catalog. Buy the one to two months sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice
as good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soap for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at five star soap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your
arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for
intruders? Check out Simply Safe. It's a new do it yourself home security system that is
completely wireless. Go to GetSimplySafe.com. Simply Safe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power. So even if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely
customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed.
GetSimplySafe.com. Simply Safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes.
So there's no need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate,
you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home but Simply Safe
will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again,
that's GetSimplySafe.com. If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened
every day. If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better. You know gas
and food prices are skyrocketing. Now is the time to get prepared. For years we've told you about
our friends at e Foods Direct. They have the best tasting long-term storable food on the planet.
This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long-term food supply
allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most. Be prepared and
get your supply from e Foods Direct. Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds
of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give yourself peace of mind and be
prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com slash Alex. Get free shipping on
all orders for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go to efoodsdirect.com slash Alex. You can
bet your life on e Foods Direct. Crashing through the lies and disinformation. It's Alex Jones on
the GCN radio network. All right we've got loaded phone lines here but when you hear somebody hang
up that's your chance to call in 800-259-9231. 800-259-9231. Russian warships are being sent.
A fleet is being sent according to Sky News. That's Fox Europe. Cyprus bailout saving shift
amid Russian offer. We're going to be getting into all that and really the biggest news
overall is that the Feds Fisher, president of the Dallas Fed, which is about the fourth most
powerful branch out of 12, says too big to fail. Banks are crony capitalists and are consolidating
the economy under them and will destroy our future. And he's been criticizing them more and
more the last three years and I actually know someone who knows him. I'll just leave it at that.
In fact, I shouldn't even say that. I've just learned with sources it's just best to not even
get into any of it. The point is that the Federal Reserve in Dallas, the Federal Reserve in Kansas
City, both their heads, which are representing shareholders of the inner cabal, are realizing
that this is a really nasty plan. I wouldn't even say they're good guys overall. They just
realized that this is bad for business and that the globalists are going to implode everything.
So I'm gonna be getting to that report as well. Don't forget there's been massive attempts to
censor infoawars.com over the years to shut us down, to block us, to demonize us. We're
being listed as terror leaders by the Southern Poverty Law Center for simply being able to add
two plus two equals four. And just being basic Americans who stand for liberty and sovereignty
of this nation and who don't want the UN running our military, and who don't want to give $85
billion a month to foreign banks. Do you think those foreign banks like it that I'm there
exposing that? No, I mean, we're doing something dangerous here. So to support our local AM&FM
affiliates, spread the word about them, spread the word about their sponsors, become local sponsors.
It's a big deal when we're on local stations. It's a big deal the broadcast is growing.
Yes, it should be growing. Yes, we're just talking about things that are happening.
But that's a crime when criminals run things. In a world of universal deceit,
telling the truth is a revolutionary act to quote Eric Blair, aka George Arwell of 1984 fame.
And so don't take it for granted, folks, that we're on your local AM&FM affiliates
today because those stations could be bought out tomorrow. Don't take it for granted that
prisonplanted.tv is up and running today. Support us so we can be strong going into the future.
Buy the pro pure water filtration systems discounted with promo code water.
Buy the great little stove systems that we've got that are great for preparedness and also for
camping and travel. Buy the books, the videos, the women's apparel, the pro second amendment t-shirts.
All of your purchases make the broadcast possible. Infowarsstore.com or 888-253-3139.
And support our sponsors like Midas Resources. Give them a call, ask them about their best deals
on bullion, gold and silver. That's what I'd buy. But if you're going to get numismatic collectibles,
they will actually sell you numismatics for close to what they are really worth.
They got to put a tiny markup in there. There's a lot of baiting and switching in the industry.
Some of the biggest names have horrible F ratings. Midas has a A plus, highest level,
better business bureau. Because they'll sell you numismatics with tiny markups.
It's all available. Midas Resources 800-686-2237. And without Midas, we couldn't have done any of
this. So not only are they great folks, I've worked with for 16 years. I went out and shopped
for the best name, bought some gold, silver from a bunch of places myself. Found out they had the
best deals, didn't try to bait and switch me. If Ted catches brokers, this happens every once in a
while, trying to overcharge somebody or bait and switch, they're fired. I'll be quite honest with
you, about a month or two ago, one of my friends bought some gold and had maybe a little bit too
big of a markup for what they thought. The guy was fired the next day. My point is, is that
in a business out there that runs from excellent to horrible, Midas is as good as it gets,
and they support the broadcast. 800-686-2237, they're the place to get precious metals.
And if you haven't moved some of your assets into gold and silver, I think you're nuts.
I think you're crazy. They've been doing everything they can to short,
sell it to naked short it, to try to suppress it. While the globalists buy it with both hands,
Soros, the Chinese government, University of Texas, all these other big universities,
insiders are just grabbing it greedily. And tungsten gold in the Federal Reserve,
I heard that seven years ago now confirmed, won't give Germany their gold. They've asked
for their gold. The US has said 10 years to get it back, we'll give it to you in increments.
I mean, let me tell you something, we're sitting on a mountain of TNT,
and everybody's playing with sparklers and smoking cigarettes,
and dancing around with giant gasoline-fed torches. I mean, it's a matter of time till
this blows sky high. And people say, well, that's fear mongering. I bought gold and silver
cuz I was afraid of what you're starting to see happen, cuz I could see the writing on the wall.
Being concerned about something and getting prepared for it is not fear mongering. It's
called getting up on your hind legs and fighting. Let me tell you, I've been mugged a couple of
times growing up in Dallas cuz I'd go in the bad neighborhoods to buy beer and stuff.
My high school buddies, we drive into Dallas, the worst part of Dallas, South Dallas to buy beer.
And routinely, we'd go buy it from the bootlegger sometimes when the liquor store wouldn't sell it
to us. And I was dumb enough, they'd say, okay, Alex, you go up and you get the beer.
You've got the fake tough guys and the crazy brave as they say. And it's a fear response when
somebody walks around with a club or a knife and says, give me everything you got. And it's not
that I'm even a tough guy. If somebody's menacing me, I automatically attack them.
And then my heart rate goes up, adrenaline goes up, and I attack. It's not that I even
have courage, it's that I attack. And that's normal, folks, that's a normal response.
And see, I attack saying, I attack the New World Order, I attack the Globalist,
I attack the banker heads. I attack their system offensively discrediting them,
cuz that's what they need to have is your support to continue.
We've got to discredit them so they collapse like the Soviet Union while I have a defense of
getting ready and prepared. And if you don't get ready and prepared, you're out of your stinking
mind. We told you they'd come for the guns, that's happening. This is all no brainers, folks.
These are criminals, okay? These are criminals, and it's that simple. Midas Resources,
800-686-2237, 800-686-237. And if you want their very best deal, two silver dollars,
at cost $72, shipping included, 72. That makes them $62, it's about $10 to ship them.
So the real price is $62 for two silver coins, 10 bucks is added, that's at cost.
And then two free films, powerful films, and a book, The Obama Deception, American Dream,
all of it, along with Dishonest Money. And if you want, when you call, they'll give you a free
booklet, 10 Reasons to Own Gold, $72, 800-686-237. Okay, let's go to your calls. Leonard in Montana,
thanks for holding, then Michael and others, you're on the air, go ahead.
Hey Alex, I just wanted to call you to tell you thank you for having the courage to do this for
so long. We know that you're gonna fall on the fence and all that. So anyway, I just wanted to
tell you, tell people to buy ammo, ammo, ammo. And also, if you could, make a shirt that says,
No King, but King Jesus. It's the most popular thing that I got people saying around here.
Everyone says it now. That's a good idea. Well, that's what our four founders,
forebears pointed out, was that we're not gonna worship and say you're above the law.
Because if you read the writings of George Washington, Thomas Jefferson,
and if you check it, you're like, Oh my gosh, this is exactly what we have. They would use
regulators to shut down tobacco farmers or cotton farmers or corn farmers or hemp farmers.
And then only the local lord or the son of the lord from England was allowed to even operate.
It's the same deal. And now they've gotten smart though. Back then they wouldn't put people on
welfare. Only the rich were on welfare, corporate government welfare. They got smart though.
The robber barons learned to create big government and get little guys on the payroll.
And you can buy them cheap. Doesn't matter if it actually shuts down their future,
shuts down the overall prosperity, makes the country horrible. They won't recognize it if
it takes five, ten years to do it. And so again, I say to people out there, I know countless people
on welfare, on disability. And I mean, what are they gonna do? I mean, the government gives troops
deadly vaccines to disable them. And then they take their gun rights because they're disabled.
I mean, it's a master plan. How do you counter something so masterful, Leonard?
Well, listen, this isn't about, and everyone needs to understand this. This is not about
getting wealthy. This is about surviving to the other side so that we can rebuild this. Because
this system, this moral corruptness, this absolutely lazy society, it's over. It's done.
It will not work. We're walking on the backs of people that no longer exist.
So we're going to have to steer this when it's all-
You're right. You're right. And the power structure knows it's gonna implode. So they
want armored redoubts and high security tyranny to protect them while they suck everything out
of us. And they'll take 10% out of your pension fund. Then they'll take 10% out of your bank
account. And the next year, they'll take 10, 10, 10. So you'll never rebel or they'll say,
we're gonna take 15. Well, now it's only 10. We're gonna take 12. Well, now it's only 10.
Well, we're gonna take 10. Now it's only 7. I mean, I told people yesterday, I said,
now they'll come out and say, we're only gonna take 7. I even called it. And I'm not smart.
It's like I'm the New England Patriots. I videotaped their practice games. I mean,
I know exactly what they're going to do because they follow an exact plan.
They change it up here and there, but it's still,
and folks, that's so frustrating to know this. They're gonna take everything, everything.
And they know that people getting prepared, growing gardens, talking to their neighbors
are the people that are gonna try to save society. They don't want that.
So they call us terrorists. I mean, I'm gonna say that again with a straight face.
Folks, look this up. You know about it in the news. They're saying people that are trying to
get prepared are terrorists and preppers are terrorists when you'd be insane with half of
Europe rioting and the same system happening here to get prepared. But again, that's because they
don't want us prepared. They want a total collapse, reorganization, red terror, not communist.
The globalists use red terror to take over. And let me tell you, the average schlub who loves
socialism, not the poor person on welfare cuz it's all they can do and they got type 2 diabetes
cuz nobody told them Diet Coke would kill their pancreas. But the people that are into the liberal
socialist ideology are horrible authoritarians with crazed looks in their eyes. They love it.
They know it's coming. They wanna come in our houses. They wanna force labor our butts.
They're gonna make all our kids serve in FEMA Corps. That's now official. We are going into
slavery. And every one of these despicable liberals are not liberals. They are our mortal
dirtbag commissar enemies, just like Che Guevara, just like Joseph Stalin, just like Mao Zedong.
They are brown shirt thug enemies and you better start hating them because that's a natural
response. They're not dumb liberals. They're hardcore takeover artists that took us over.
Okay, God bless you, sir. I appreciate your call, Leonard.
I mean, you just got to get in your mind that at the mid level and high level, they know
what they're doing. They are not liberals. Thomas Jefferson was a liberal. He would spit on these
people. They are 180 degrees the opposite. Michael in Texas and then Alex Martin and others,
you're on the air.
This is Alex.
Yes, sir.
Hey, what's up, man? Hey, my name's Mike. I'm a Persian Gulf Iraqi veteran. I suffer
really bad PTSD. And my second suicide attempt, I ended up in the Waco clinic.
Let me stop you. Did they put you on psychotropic drugs?
I refuse them. I don't take that crap. But my concern is I'm calling more my fellow veterans
out there is because I was out about three days and they normally, they have someone
that calls you and checks up, you see how you are and how you're doing.
And they call me, but it wasn't regular staff at the VA like they normally do call because
I'm used to the one in the Detroit facility. This phone call I got, first he asked me if
I was okay. I was like, yeah, yeah, I'm cool. And then he introduced himself as a federal
auditor for the VA. And the main premise after I told me I was doing fine, his focus wasn't
his main premise. His phone call was for one thing. He asked me if I had firearms or if
I didn't, do I have access to firearms? And I told him, no, it's none of his business.
I asked him one last time and his old lady rolled in the hay and he says, sir, I was
like, well, one inappropriate question deserves another. You don't have a right to ask me
that. I'm protective, I second remember.
Well, here's the deal. They're making felonies now, releasing a balloon accidentally or on
purpose for your girlfriend. So we need to get rid of the 68 gun control act. You shouldn't
take troops away, you shouldn't take guns away from anybody. If somebody's gonna get
a gun, they're gonna get it. If you're gonna commit suicide, you're gonna do it.
But I'm gonna tell you right now, you're not gonna commit suicide. You're gonna live to
fight tyranny. And you're still in a war, soldier, and you're fighting the New World
Order and Jesus Christ is gonna heal you. And they put all sorts of vaccines in you
to do this to you. And I want you to detox and I want you to know you're gonna beat them
by living a long life.
You're gonna beat them by not listening to their bull, all right? Where do you stand
on this? Cuz I don't want them to win. I don't want them to put out the spirit of giving
up and to convince you to commit suicide. Why have you been suicidal?
Just it might be disty and everything is really bad. And when I get drunk, it compounds it.
And I did a lot of bad things over there and I saw a lot of things happen to my buddies.
You know, it just gets me down.
Well, you know what? You gotta ask God. Listen, let's get to the base of it. You feel guilty,
don't you?
I felt more so when I was over there after a while. Hey, I'm kicking these people's doors.
Exactly.
If anybody was over here-
You were taking their guns.
You were taking their guns, training for America, which is now admitted. Let me say this. You
didn't consciously know that when you signed up. You didn't. You believed you were defending
America, didn't you?
Well, I went over there for my folks and my brother and my friends. Yeah, I did.
Okay, so let me just say this. Then even though you were deceived, you did not consciously
engage in the evil and now you repent. And I'm telling you, if you just hit your knees
every day and ask God to change your heart so that you're not destructive towards yourself,
because it's normal when you've done evil, to hate yourself. But you can be a changed
man and God can use you to spread the word of liberty.
And it won't happen overnight, but you can slowly get off alcohol. You can slowly, I'm
telling you, God can do it. So I mean, have you hit your knees and asked God to forgive
you?
I'm not a religious person.
Let me tell you something. Sir, let me tell you something. Even if you don't believe in
it, studies have shown prayer helps because it accesses an area, the pineal gland, a lot
of other things. When you make that spiritual connection, it releases key endorphins because
it's real.
But the point is, is that there's your problem and I'm not judging you, but wouldn't you
do anything to get free of this?
I think I'm doing pretty fine right now, man.
Well, that's good. That's good. That's good news. That's good news. I'm not pushing religion
on you. I'm just saying you've got to forgive yourself and know that you were deceived.
Okay, and then that can because you can consciously forgive yourself, but you need to really forgive
yourself. Do you understand what I'm saying?
Yeah, I forgive him. I don't mean I'm still defender of this country. You know what I
mean? We got me and my buddies putting the spell together. You know what I mean? We're
gonna fight this new world order. You know what I mean? I don't believe it could be changed
internally.
There's only one way to change it. And that's to combat. It's already here. You know what
I mean?
Listen, God bless you, sir. I appreciate your call. Ladies and gentlemen, long before they
staged 9-11, long before they launched all this, they had this plan with the troops.
And they know what's gonna end up happening and it's gonna cause a civil war. And I know
a lot of people are gearing up for military operations against the globalist. And the
globalist are gonna start it where that's a foregone conclusion.
And I just wish everybody would work real hard right now to spread the word instead
of just getting your firearms ready to kill people that come to take your guns, who themselves
are just biological robots of the globalist, who will be thrown in the ditch as well. We
need to reach out to the police and military right now before the civil war starts. God
help us. We'll be right back with more phone calls. Stay with us.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day. If you're
listening, you know the economy is not getting better. You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared. For years, we've told you about our friends at E Foods
Direct. They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food on the planet. This food will
taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long-term food supply allows
you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most. Be prepared
and get your supply from E Foods Direct. Right now is the best time to stock up and save
hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give yourself peace of
mind and be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com slash Alex. Get
free shipping on all orders for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go to efoodsdirect.com
slash Alex. You can bet your life on E Foods Direct.
We all know that Berkey water purification systems are the most trusted name in water
filtration. As an authorized Berkey dealer for over six years and serving thousands of
satisfied customers, the Berkey guy offers amazing specials for Berkey water filtration
systems. The Berkey light systems include a set of self-sterilizing and re-cleanable
black purification elements that purify water by removing chlorine, pathogenic bacteria,
cysts and parasites to non-detectable levels and remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides
and pesticides. Order the Berkey light system today complete with two black Berkey elements
for only $231 and the Berkey guy will ship your order free of charge. With the purchase
of a Berkey light, the Berkey guy is also offering a set of fluoride and arsenic filters
for only $39.99. That's over 30% off the retail price. Call the Berkey guy at 1-877-886-3653.
That's 1-877-886-3653 or order online at goberky.com. That's goberky.com today. Devastating events
like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial law have highlighted
the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions are stockpiling food,
gold and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes
ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency. Supernatural
Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria, viruses, moles
and fungus and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally or used topically, it can
help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver has over 500 different
uses and a long-term shelf life, making it the number one choice of preppers across the
country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to
SupernaturalSilver.com. Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and
like us on Facebook.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are back live. And it's so simple. You turn on the news and it's
all about race and all about division. And if you're a libertarian, you're a racist,
that's because they're scared of the American people unifying together under the Bill of
Rights and Constitution. The system is desperate to divide and conquer. And Europe-wide, and
I've been telling you this for years, they are going to start just taking money right
out of bank accounts on top of all the new VAT and EU taxes.
I mean, on average, taxes are above 70% in the euro. And again, guess who's exempt from
the EU bureaucrats? Do you realize what they're getting away with? Do you realize the magnitude
that EU bureaucrats are exempt from the EU income tax and the EU VAT? I mean, even saying
that I feel like a liar, it's so over the top that guys type in EU bureaucrats are exempt
from taxes, and it'll show mainstream news.
I mean, I can't believe that, it's so over the top. And a lot of people are like, well,
let them be exempt. I mean, that's what real tyranny is, is when they don't just do horrible
things, they're exempt from it. I just got chills, because it's all coming true. I've
been right about everything.
You know how horrible that is? It's not good to be right about this. I know why you're
in denial, I get it, I get it, this is horrible. Gerald Salente is coming up. Let's go to Alex
in California. This is a non-financial news call, but I guess that's okay. People didn't
hear me, I really wanna get into your take on, are you ready to have your bank account
in 401k taken?
They're announcing that's the next plan. Yeah, bureaucrats told, keep dodging taxes. They
don't dodge them, the bureaucrats run it. Sorry, go ahead, Alex in California.
Mr. Jones, very honored. Honored to talk to you. Yeah, jeez, I had a guy come in my coffee
shop 2007, dropped off in game. And he said, you ought to watch this, and you know what?
Ever since, man, keep off him.
So somebody gave you in game and it changed your political perspective forever?
Of course, they knew that I was talking, I sounded exactly like you. All this stuff,
I just couldn't put my finger on it. And then they're like, hey, and I was just worrying
about nice to employ and I was just getting like touching the surface and I'm like, okay,
yeah, everything makes sense.
Yeah, and now they're gonna bring in world government and steal everything in front of
us daring us to start a revolution while they've got all these secret police teams ready. And
those secret police people are gonna be dead in, I mean, that's the worst position. Oh
my God, and I think that's one of our only hopes is I've talked to the enforcers across
the board.
They're not stupid, especially in tactical units. They know once this stuff starts, it
is gonna be a shooting gallery on both sides. And it didn't matter if they've got unmarked
police cars, doesn't matter if they go plain clothes, it doesn't matter. Once this starts,
once you kill some veteran's buddy, he's going to come after you.
And it's gonna be some poor patrol cop. I mean, this is gonna be a bloodbath, man. And
I'm telling you, folks, they're planning this and we've got to stop it. It's all over, I'm
sorry, I'm ranting, go ahead, caller. Just make your point, I apologize, I'm just-
No, there's too many points to make, the writing's on the wall. I grew up, I'm 32, I grew up,
we didn't have, Fremont Police and Oakland East Bay, they have tanks. They can take over
anything.
I know, I know, they've all been given huge tanks. It's more than 2,700, it's more than
10,000. And then they have Politico articles saying, I'm insane, they don't exist. Again,
they've gone full military on us. Listen, when they have tanks ramming your house, they'll
be saying it isn't a tank. Do people understand that? They're using military tactics on us.
Anything else?
You gotta call her, he was saying before, there's no men left in the country and it's
just so hard. Because it's so dangerous and you're towing the line all day long.
Well, it's not just that there's no men, they've been putting chemicals in our food and water
and people are in a trance. These people that are jellyfish are victims, they're under mind
control. We'll be right back.
You are listening to GCN. Visit GCNlive.com today.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing
a full selection of silver based products. Our most popular silver based products are
the 32 ounce nano silver solutions, our two ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well
as our all natural silver soaps. Just released is our 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver
gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and leave the silver
at the surface. But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing
chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the
silver more effectively. Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver
based products are best for you. That's www.silverlungs.com.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Well, I got to tell you, ladies and gentlemen, everything is proceeding as I have foreseen
it. And it wasn't hard, but I mean, still, it is freaky to know how right we've been
and I am freaked out. And if you're not freaked out, you're not paying attention. I love that
bumper sticker. Seen it for 20 years. If you're not freaked out, or if you're not upset, you're
not paying attention.
And man, it is crazy. It is crazy. The time bomb that the government's gonna try to take
the guns from the veterans knowing they're gonna start killing people back. And then
they're gonna call all veterans terrorists, which is already happening. And it's gonna
be a self-fulfilling prophecy, and it's gonna cause total destabilization countrywide.
And the globalist want that as part of their IMF plan to implode the confidence. In the
old government to then say America failed, capitalism failed and bring in even worse
tyranny. I mean, whoa, this is bad news. This is super ultra bad news on so many fronts
it makes my head spin.
Let's go to your phone calls. Gerald Cilenti is coming up. Let's talk to Russell in Ohio.
Russell, thanks for holding her on the air worldwide.
Hey, sounds like you're calling me on electric shaver, bro. Can you talk right into the phone?
Yeah, can you hear me better now?
Are you on a hands free?
No.
All right, we'll talk right into your phone, bro. I just wanna be able to hear you.
All right, sorry about that. Well, the reason I'm calling, I'm not calling about the financial
news. The real reason that I'm calling, I've been hearing it pretty much nonstop, especially
in the major media.
Just the references to Christians, Jews, Muslims, what people that say they are. But the big
problem that I have is when you look at what they're doing, when you look at their tactics,
it's obvious that they basically just have their minds taken over by Satan.
No, you're right, but your phone's just too bad, bro. I gotta let you go. Now, society's
going to decadence. They lose touch with reality. They lose touch with real danger and then
don't even care. As things start getting worse, they're gonna get more crazy.
They're gonna demand more tyranny. It's like if they have their hand in a garbage disposal
and it's hurting, so they push their arm in harder. So we're entering a very decadent
cycle, yes, sir. And then those of us that historically know it and are gearing up, they're
looking at us like the food going, they're gonna be prepared, they're the terrorist.
And they're basically gonna make us their slaves in forced labor camps. I mean, all
these lazy people and bureaucrats aren't gonna stop. We're the food. Mark in Connecticut,
you're on the air, go ahead.
Good day, Alex Jones, how are you? I'm pretty freaked out, it's all unfolding.
Well, I have to tell you, when I first heard you years ago, I didn't have much faith in
you until I've seen what you said actually come true and now I'm a faithful follower.
Well, I wish it wasn't coming true, brother. I wish I was a laughingstock, believe me.
But I've studied history. History's a lot crazier than, but go ahead and make your point.
Okay, anyway, I'm a veteran myself. I'm in my late 40s now and I have family that is
now in the military as well. And back in December, I found out that part of my family that is
in the military is actually in the planning process of the attack on North Korea.
But before that happened, we're gonna have to have a black flag operation before we can
actually get everyone else on board to make it happen.
So he told you in the military, they're saying they're gonna stage a false flag.
Not the false flag party, told me he's in the planning process of the invasion of North
Korea.
But did he say they're being told they're gonna do a provocation?
No, they did not. But that's what I fear. That's what I'm afraid of that's gonna happen
because I doubt that North Korea would actually fire on us knowing how stupid that would be.
Don't underestimate third generational moron dictator. And again, I don't wanna have a
war but I'd love to see those hardcore commies taken out. The problem is, again, it's part
of a larger staged event.
You know, I tell you, it's so evil. But I won't lose any sleep if Kim Jong Un ends up
being six feet under. Anything else you'd like to add, sir?
In order.
You what, sir?
The fighting process is taking.
Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates. We have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine. Hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at mfallwarstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions
are stockpiling food, gold and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you
for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective
against bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver
has over 500 different uses and a long term shelf life making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com. Use the promo code prepared for 20% off your
entire order and like us on Facebook.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day. If you're
listening, you know the economy is not getting better. You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared. For years we've told you about our friends at e Foods
Direct. They have the best tasting long term storable food on the planet. This food will
taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long term food supply allows
you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most. Be prepared
and get your supply from e Foods Direct. Right now is the best time to stock up and save
hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give yourself peace of
mind and be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com slash Alex. Get
free shipping on all orders for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go to efoodsdirect.com
slash Alex. You can bet your life on e Foods Direct.
You could accept the fact that this city is headed for a disaster of biblical proportions.
But what do you mean biblical? What he means is Old Testament, Mr. Mayor. Real wrath of
God type stuff. Fire and brimstone coming down from the skies. Rivers and seas boiling.
Forty years of darkness, earthquakes, volcanoes. The dead rising from the grave. Human sacrifice.
Dogs and cats living together. Mass hysteria. I have sworn upon the altar of God eternal
hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man. Thomas Jefferson. Live from
Austin, Texas. Broadcasting worldwide. It's Alex Jones.
Well the private Federal Reserve's president of the Dallas branch, one of the most powerful
branches of the private Federal Reserve, has come out and said too big to fail banks are
crony capitalist and that it's going to destroy our economy basically forever. You've also
got the head of the Kansas City Fed saying similar things because they understand that
European banks own part of the Federal Reserve and that it's going to totally gut this country
like a third world nation.
And there will be no more wealth generation for the general population. We will convert
to something like Mexico or something like Nigeria, which is the plan. And even globalist,
a lot of them are not wanting to do that because it will really screw society up and they're
not really agenda 21ers. They're kind of old line parasites and they want to be riding
a big healthy horse.
They don't want to butcher the horse and cut it into steaks like the globalists do. The
globalists want to fully conquer this country. That is the globalists that are in charge,
the kind of leftist globalists that are really authoritarians. Now joining us is Gerald Cilente
and here's his economic martial law top trends for 2012.
And we'll do a document cam shot of that for the viewers right here in the general document
cam shot area. And there it is for viewers out there, top 12 trends and he said this
a year and a half ago. This came out before 2012 or almost two years ago and said there'll
be bank runs, there'll be bank holidays.
He did a little song on air, it's a holiday. He said it would start in the Mediterranean
in Europe and now it has. And he said when they start taking 10% or so out of bank accounts,
it's big trouble. And we're actually digging up and we should have it, we've actually found
it but we're transferring it.
We're actually digging up some of the times Gerald has said this. And now he's gonna tell
us what comes next after this. And don't forget, after he predicted all of this, his own private
gold account got bought, a company he'd been trading with for 30 years or so.
It got bought by MF Global unbeknownst to him and they just took his money and took
billions of other people's dollars. And now they're saying 40 billion of it still hasn't
been paid back even though it's been in bankruptcy. So there's a couple billion totally stolen
and they've given some of it back. But then 40 billion total to just general creditors
of MF Global itself, but he wasn't part of that.
He just had a bank account they grabbed. And now they're calling it a tax when foreign
banks, Cyprus won't even vote right now because of the bank holiday and the shutdown and the
fire bombings. So now the euro says, well, we have the power just to do it anyways. We
put Mario Draghi over Italy, we put other people over Greece, we did that in Ireland.
We're just gonna take over. So this is the imperial banking takeover, trends journal
head, top trends forecaster Gerald Cilente joins us right now, trendsjournal.com. Gerald,
break down what this means, what we're facing and now where you see this acceleration going.
All right, first, very important, the trend tracking tip, I write about it all the time.
They always do things on the weekends so they freeze the people out, whether reporting on
news that they're obligated to report on or pulling scams like this. So after the markets
close, they always do the dirty deal, whether it's a downgrade of a country's credit worthiness,
releasing information about a big lie that they were covering up and are obligated to
tell it about. They always do it after the markets close, after it's too late. And this
way it stabilizes the markets. It gives them time to rig it during the weekend so it doesn't
go down as much as it should. So again, this came out on a weekend, froze everybody out,
couldn't get their dough out, number one. Number two, what you said, the white shoe
boy lingo, how about calling it a tax on deposits?
Isn't that a nice word? How about stealing your damn money? So they call it white shoe
boy language to make it seem softer. The other thing, another beautiful term, white shoe
boy language, they're giving depositors a haircut. They're stealing their money. So
now the other thing to watch out, because this is a big picture that's unfolding. Watch
the prostitutes, listen to them. Anybody could do it. It's all going to be put up in a little
while. Go to CNBC, the flunkies for the money junkies. All they did was spend about 15 minutes
talking about how Cyprus was a haven for money laundering for the Russian criminals.
So now the entire public deserves it because there's money laundering when the mega banks,
the Federal Reserve, has been caught with over 400 billion in Wachovia and Wells Fargo
banks and got in no trouble. That's Bloomberg AP, exactly. They're gonna criminalize all
of us. Well, bank money's dirty. So we're taking, whether you're a fireman, a teacher,
a cop, a psychologist, a farmer, an auto mechanic, all of you get 10% of your money taken cuz
you're a gangster.
Exactly. But you see what they're doing though, Alex, the story's much bigger. This new prime
minister they just put in in Japan, the head of Japan, the president of the party, Xi.
His first stop, Xi's first stop, his A-Z-I, X-I and Xi, his first stop was to go see Putin.
This is really an attack on Russia. You're talking about money laundering. Hey, everybody
here, the Grand Cayman Islands, the big grand scheme. Did anybody ever hear of the HSBC
money laundering scandal?
Ever heard of Switzerland? Ever heard of Luxembourg? Ever heard of Monte Carlo?
Exactly. So what did HSBC just pay? Almost $2 billion worth of fines in December for
money laundering. So what they're doing is they're making this seem like a convoluted
issue.
The other important point, we're only talking about a $10 billion bailout here. This isn't
a big one. It shows you the fragility of the entire system. The next important point you're
hearing now from the American Banking Association from DC, don't worry about it Americans, your
money's insured. Yeah, just like it's insured over there in Cyprus. As a member of the Euro
zone, the money's supposed to be insured for 100,000 euros, about 125,000 euros.
But it's not insured from them stealing it.
Exactly. But here's what I believe they're going to do. When the crisis starts spreading,
what they're going to do, they're going to devalue the currencies. So they're gonna say,
yeah, yeah, don't worry, your money is insured. But guess what? It's only worth a fraction
of what it is. There's a precedent for this.
And they'll do it during the holiday. Maybe that little holiday dance.
That's right. We're going to send you the videos of me doing that. You should be receiving
them momentarily. But here's the rub. When they did it in the United States in 1933,
they called a bank holiday and they did it by devaluing the currency. Because in those
days, gold was pegged to the dollar, or excuse me, the dollar was pegged to gold. The dollar
was pegged to gold at about $20.65 an ounce or thereabouts. After they stole all the people's
gold and made them give it back on the penalty of law, they then repaid the price of a dollar
to gold to $35 an ounce, which means that you lost 70% of your purchasing power.
So don't worry, your money's guaranteed. You're going to get it back. But guess what, Jack?
It's going to be worth a fraction of what it was before. And that's why you're seeing
now as we speak, gold prices are again moving back up. And then all of a sudden, they're
again saying, hey, gold is a safe haven. No kidding.
Amazing, and they've been using naked shorting to try to drive it down. While you can pull
it up, George Soros institutions, the communist Chinese government have been snatching gold
as fast as they can.
Right, and now we're looking also, when you're looking at the fragility of all this, yes,
you know, the GDP, the banking to GDP is eight times that in Cyprus. It's eight times a GDP,
which is very large. And it is a banking hub and they were trying to establish themselves
like a Caymans Island, like an alternative to Switzerland.
But remember, their GDP is only 0.2% of the entire Eurozone. This is chump change.
Well, here's my next point. Just like you said they had to steal a few billion of people's
money to prop up all of MF Global to show the fragility and didn't get in trouble.
But you said this will only encourage them now to start stealing more. This is a small
bite test. They want to see if it panics things too much. They'll back off and only take maybe
5%, 7% now they're talking about.
Do you agree that's what this is, is a trial balloon?
I definitely agree with it. I definitely agree. You know, there are two things, two stories
that should ring in everybody's mind that tell you what it's all about. One, not having
to do with this, but it will have to do with it later as we get closer to war, is General
Dwight D. Eisenhower warning the nation that the military industrial complex was taking
it over. A five-star general, Supreme Commander of the Allied Forces, and for all those Republicans
out there, a two-term Republican president.
The other one is the story of Jesus Christ, the Prince of Peace, becoming violent and
picking up a whip to drive the money changers out of the temple. This has been going on
forever. These are money changers.
It's fraudsters. They were making people give them 10 silver coins for one silver coin that
the rabbis would only take to pay for the offerings and ripping everybody off. And by
doing that, by making them pay to make an offering to God, by turning that into a blasphemy,
they were able to take over that entire society and he physically attacked them.
Exactly. So those two stories should stick in everyone's head. Look, James Madison, anybody
could Google it up. He called them money changers. Now they call them, again, they changed the
name. They put white shoe boy language on it.
Andrew Jackson called them vipers.
Yeah, exactly. So nothing has changed. So when you go back to the meeting in Brussels
over the weekend, oh, by the way, the people in Cyprus, like the people in Greece, like
the people in Spain, like the people in Portugal, like the people in Ireland, they all deserve
what they get because guess what? Just like the people in the United States, they voted
to put these lying slime balls into office.
They just had an election in Cyprus a couple of weeks ago and this prime minister, the
new president, he vowed that he would never do this. You listen to the finance chairman
of the Cypriot government just a week ago saying that to steal the money, but of course
they didn't use that language from the depositors or tax the depositors was a stupid idea.
And by the way, remember they've signed on to all the Euro debt. Most of this is propping
up derivatives and we're giving 85 billion a month and what half of it to foreign banks
as part of QE infinity. Gerald, we just skipped this network break to have more time. What
do you expect to happen as they go into overdrive as currencies race to devalue each other and
more and more of the inflation is upticking?
Now what are you calling to happen next?
This Eurozone issue is falling apart. Here's the big one going on in Italy. They still
have informed the government and being Italian, I'm really proud of the Italians for this
one in pushing forward Beppe Grillo's five star movement. And that's another little story
by the way.
That's right. Beppe Grillo said last week, I have the London Telegraph here just to back
you up. He said, quote, the Northern European countries are only holding onto us until the
banks have recouped their investments in Italian sovereign bonds. Then they'll drop us like
a hot potato.
He went on to say that Mario Monti is nothing but a receivership arm for their planned bankruptcy.
And he said-
Exactly.
Yeah, go ahead.
And so, but it's important for everyone because of the people that listen to your station
and subscribe to our trends journal and follow our information. There are people that want
to do something to make a change. And it's very important. That's the model. We're gonna
be writing a lot about it in the April trends journal.
It was a movement, not a protest. Protests come and they go. Movements stay. And this
movement, so you're asking me what's going to happen. What's going to happen is you're
going to start seeing more movements taking place in Italy, in Spain, in Portugal. There's
going to be revolutions. They're not able to hold this together. You mentioned the quantitative
easing lines, the baloney. They only are keeping this together by dumping all of this
money into the system. It's not working. It's only saving the too big to fails that as we
now heard from our Attorney General, Eric Himmler Holder, that these two banks are too
big to prosecute in essence.
They cannot keep this together. It's going to unravel. When will it fall apart? I don't
know because here's why I don't know. I know when it should happen, but it's like being
a card counter. Going to Las Vegas, you're a great card counter, but you're losing every
hand. And then you find out that they put another 30 cards in the deck.
That's right. That's what they're doing. They keep changing
the deck. That's right. We've reached into such an Alice in Wonderland that they said
we left recession five years ago. And by every real estimate, by all the top private experts
and using old numbers, old ways to break things down, we're in a depression.
But they just use mind control to say that we're not. And then they replace beef with
horse meat. They put more air in the chip packages. They adulterate the fuel. They do
everything they can to paper this over. But more and more, the paper is peeling away.
But going back to the Justice Department, when they come out last year and this year
and say too big to prosecute, banks are allowed to launder 400 plus billion now in drug money.
The troops are ordered to grow the opium. Yeah, we're gonna have warrantless checkpoints.
Yeah, we're gonna arrest you for filming police in public. All this police state, when they
do that, it's more than too big to fail. It is a green light for corporate and government
crime. It is above the law.
They are trumpeting that we're above the law. And Gerald, let me tell you this. We're seeing
armed troops show up everywhere now. A National Guard, you name it, at checkpoints, even in
Austin. We're seeing TSA highway checkpoints expand, special forces operations. And I've
talked to the troops, they've been told, even when you're off duty, wear your uniform, wear
your battle belt, wear your weapons in public to get everybody ready.
And they say, ready for what? Well, for collapse and gun confiscation. And I'm telling you,
Gerald, if they try the gun confiscation, it is going to erupt into a civil war, which
is what they want. I think they wanna start a civil war ahead of the collapse to blame
the collapse on the civil war.
What do you say about that? The move to get our guns, the two billion bullets, the armored
vehicles, while they deny they're doing it?
Well, again, they'll use something like they did with the tragedy at Sandy Hook. It doesn't
even have to be a big one. And they'll use that as an excuse to clamp down on us. And
as you keep reporting, I go to your site virtually every day, and you keep putting out the information
when Homeland Security is doing the billions of rounds of ammunition they're buying, the
armored personnel carriers, etc.
They know what's coming down. They may be stupid, but they're very shrewd. And they're
seeing it collapsing. And you really nailed it, Alex, when you said, are they using this
as a trial balloon? Yes, they are. It's Cyprus. Nobody could find this damn place on the map
if you didn't show 80% of the people or more where it is.
As I said, it's only 0.2% of the entire Eurozone's GDP. So they're the test case.
That's right. What do you make of the Russian fleet about to arrive? I mean, this sounds
like the beginning of World War I or World War II. It's all the same military drawing
battle lines, all this craziness, all so the bankers can play big guy and take over.
Again, I've been saying this over and over again. History is repeating itself. The crash
of 1929, the Great Depression, currency wars, trade wars, world war. And we're going back
into it. Look at the words that just came out from the Communist Party meeting. They
only go every 10 years. And so there's been a lot of news coming out. It's a remilitarization.
And the Chinese and Russians against NATO. The alliances are already forming.
And they're proxy North Korea now threatening to nuke everyone. I mean, they're kicking
off a new war.
Well, again, whether I don't know if North Korea is going to nuke everyone, but I do
know that the United States, oh, here's-
Sure, I'm in new battle lines, a new Cold War. Yeah, you're right. Go ahead.
How about this for a waste of money? Did you hear over the weekend they're going to put
more missile systems on the West Coast just in case North Korea is going to bomb California?
I mean, you want to talk about a waste of money? Here we are going down the toilet financially
and they just found a couple of billion dollars more to put up missile systems that are at
best only 50% accurate and against nothing. So what they're doing, Alex, is they're beating
the war drums. So when you're asking about the Russian fleet moving in, the Russians,
the Iranians, and China on one side, NATO, the United States, and the Arab Little League
on the other side.
It's incredible. Meanwhile, the globalists are above it all playing all the sides off
and using uncertainty to consolidate power, using rioting to implode countries that's
in all their own documents. Gerald Cilenti, I want to talk about solutions and more trends
straight ahead and some phone calls. Stay with us.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms. But if you don't have a home security
system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When
you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out SimpliSafe.
It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power, so even if the grid
goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit, or shed. Getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is also
ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger
into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever
you go. You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's getsimplisafe.com. Introducing Pro
One. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more do you have two
or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts out the sodium
fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new Aquamedics advanced media for removal of fluoride
and other heavy metals, all in one filter element. It is the only one that does it,
and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code WATER. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at mfowarskstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Bend Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Crashing through the lies and disinformation, it's
Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. Look at this report from Fox News. DIMMS preserve
US Mexico food stamp partnership to advertise in Mexico for illegals to come to the US and
get food stamps, anything to bankrupt the country, anything to balkanize the nation.
While USDA prepares for meat inspector furloughs, all they do is just radiate it now and they
spray weird live vaccines on it, these viruses that eat the bacteria. I mean, it's just Franken
foods and the article goes over all the bizarreness about the partnership with Mexican government
to raise awareness about food stamps among immigrants from that country. The Californian
government, I remember I learned this 15 years ago, I even saw the ads, I was sent the newspaper
by listeners in San Diego where the government, the state put ads in the newspapers in San
Diego but also in Mexican papers saying, come to America, have your baby for free. I mean,
anything to bankrupt the country.
Can I go to Mexico and have a baby for free? I mean, again, missiles that don't do anything
on the West Coast, our own government helping give North Korea the nuclear reactors under
ABB, under Clinton and Rumsfeld was involved as the head of the company. Look at these
articles on Drudge, new EU bailout plans, steal bank accounts, islands set to seize
personal savings, plan moves ahead as vote delayed.
So they're like, you're not gonna vote for it? We're still gonna do it. Putin, unfair
dangerous. Here come the bank runs. Germany, not our idea. Will Italy follow? And that's
at infowars.com article that I wanted to ask Gerald Cilenti about. We're gonna bring Ted
Anderson up for about three minutes to get his take as a 30 year gold and silver broker
and owner of this network and also tell you about modest resources briefly.
Bank chief calls for 15% looting of Italian savings. Is the financial rape of Cyprus another
IMF riot waiting to happen? And then it's got the releases here where the German bank
chief with their central bank has come out and said that we need to have 15% of the Italians
money to not even back up their debts, but to put it into EU general debts as the EU
bureaucrats are exempt.
Gerald Cilenti, trends forecaster with trendsjournal.com. Everybody should subscribe there today and
sign up for the free news alerts or you're crazy. Knowledge is power. What's gonna happen
with the Italians if they're already on the edge of revolt over all the new VAT taxes
and stuff?
And the head of the IMF says they should work six, seven days a week and pay more money.
What's gonna happen now when they try to come and say, Italians are criminals. Every man,
woman and child, we're gonna take their money. What do you think that's gonna do?
Again, we've been writing about this, Alex. It's class warfare. That's all this is. You
have a bunch of money junkies at the top sucking everything out of the system. Whether it's
in Egypt, whether it's no Arab Spring, whether it's Tunisia, any of these countries, it's
a couple of people and their buddies on the top, just like the United States where the
1% gets all the gains and the rest of us go down. You saw the personal income data that
came out a couple of weeks ago.
What did it decline, 3.6%? So what's happening is the people have had it. And you know my
saying, when people lose everything and have nothing left to lose, they lose it. And they're
losing it. They've had enough. They've had enough of this criminality. And the only thing
the politicians are, are the wise guys for the crime bosses.
And the crime bosses are the Goldman Sachs gang, and the Merrill Lynch mob, and the JP
Morgan Chase criminals. I mean, you read the paper what happened with this so-called London
whale thing, and how they cooked all the books with JP Morgan Chase. Any of us, if we did
it, they'd have us locked up.
You don't see any heads roll, and the people losing their homes. I have friends in Greece.
I have friends in Spain and in Italy. I have people in Portugal. They keep telling me with
a suffering that people are going through.
It's hellish, and that's not in our news. Tell folks what Europe's like. It's in their
news, but people don't know, babies being left, bankruptcy, whole thousands of people
begging for food out of dumpsters. If a truck dumps a few fruits on the ground, there's
riots. This is happening all over Southern Europe, the Mediterranean. It's starting into
Western Europe.
Do people have any idea how big a powder keg this is? And then the government of Europe
is arming itself and aiming its weapons outward, just incredible tyranny. And how they exempt
themselves. I keep going back to that, how the EU bureaucrats exempt themselves from
the EU wide VAT and income tax.
I mean, they should all be arrested right there. Look at Libor, all of it rigged against
the people. They should all go to jail, but they don't. So why shouldn't they steal more?
Because they wanna make everybody poor as a tool of control. And thank God we've got
guns, Gerald, because just the fact the guns are there, they're afraid to really rape us
as hard as they are the Europeans.
The biggest mistake that this administration made in my estimation is this whole push for
gun control. Because what they did was they rallied a group of people that may have not
been rallied before. So now more people have come under the umbrella. The umbrella of losing
your individual rights. This isn't about guns, it's about rights. And they keep being taken
away from us. It was a huge mistake they made, because they brought in millions and millions
of people that probably wouldn't have given a damn about other issues.
But now it's hitting them. It's hitting their own psychology before it was out of their
minds. If they, so what, there's warrantless wiretapping. Yeah, it sounds terrible, but
what do I care? So what about the National Defense Authorization Act? It doesn't affect
me. But now it's a direct effect and it brought a lot more people into the fold. And going
back to what's going on in Europe, again, look who's running the central bank in Europe.
Mario Draghi. Who is Mario Draghi? He was a former vice chairman of the Goldman Sachs
European division. Who's the guy that's taking over now at the Bank of England? Mark Carney.
Who was he with? Goldman Sachs. Who was the guy that started this whole too big to fail
scam going? Henry Paulson, former treasury secretary under George Bush. Where was he
before he came here? The chairman of Goldman Sachs. Who was the guy that deregulated Glass
Steagall, got it into motion under Clinton? Could have been Robert Rubin, could it? No,
he was with Goldman Sachs too and the chairman.
Can anybody put this together? It's a banking takeover worldwide. That's all this is. And
what they're going to do, I believe in, here's the message I wanna tell everybody. If you
think you have your money in the bank and it's yours, you better grow up. And I've told
everyone the stories of what's happened to me several times, trying to withdraw sizable
deposits.
Every time you're on, you say they will take your money out of the bank. They will just
grab it. They will take percentages. Now they're saying they're gonna take 401ks. Now they're
ordering companies who invest in too big to fail bonds. I mean, it's on. They are going
to steal everything in increments and my wife's going to get a few thousand dollars.
And they freak out and ask her if she's a criminal. And she's like, we've been at this
bank for five years. I mean, again, they're the crooks.
And another thing that we did on the trends in the news, we sent you that video. On February
27th, we said, watch out, stay very closely tuned to what's going on in March. March or
April, we said something is going to come down. I went back to our 1999 trend forecast
of the dot com bubble burst. It's right there on the trends journal on our site, trendsjournal.com.
And I said the dot com bubble would burst by the second quarter of 2000. It blew apart
in March. March is one of those months like October.
You could go throughout history. You always see it repeating itself. This Cyprus issue,
although it's a small country, it's a huge event. In days, if not weeks, it'll be forgotten
by most people. And then they're gonna wake up to it. Most won't wake up to it. The next
thing is going to hit is going to be a major hit from either Spain, Portugal, or Italy.
And my money's on Italy, because in Italy, they cannot form a government. Beppe Grillo
will have no part of the corrupt system that's in place. When will the people wise up? Nothing
is going to change in this country with the systems that are in place now.
So the bottom line is pull your money out of the bank. That's what you're saying personally.
That's what everybody in my view needs to do. Because ladies and gentlemen, the system
will steal your money and is arming against us like common criminals. I wanna bring Ted
Anderson up.
Wait, I wanna say that. I'm not telling people what to do. Cuz if anything, I'm only speaking
for myself.
No, no, I said I personally. I personally, but we have listeners calling in saying what
will it do if everybody worldwide tried to pull in their money out of the bank ahead
of them doing this incrementally?
I believe it'll straighten the system out.
But I mean, there's only 2, 3% actual cash on average for Europe and the US for actual
money out there. Do you think that would send a shot across their bow?
Yeah, yeah, straight. It'll bring down these too big to fail so we can get business going
again. So local banks can start building again. So what do they have? Over 80% of the action,
seven banks?
Sure.
Who made this stuff up? It's a monopoly.
We do have that video clip. It says February 27th, but was this a year ago or two years
ago?
No, no, it was this past February, a couple of weeks ago. I said watch out what's going
to happen in March.
Okay, but I remember you years ago talking-
That's the bank, no, that comes later on. That's the watching out in March. Later on
after that clip are the other ones about the holidays.
Okay, so is it all one clip guys or is it multiple clips? Cuz my issue is we just got
this and I wanna play it. Okay, so we were sent one clip. Gerald, are you saying in the
one clip is a group of clips of you predicting it?
Yes, go past the February 27th one and go to the bank holiday ones.
Okay, well, while we're finding that in the clip, I wanna bring Ted Anderson up. Because
again, I'm the same way as Gerald. I'm not gonna tell you what I think you should do.
But I personally have bought firearms, a rural property, and gold and silver and it is all
done very, very well. But I don't have it to do well. I do it because I can't trust
this criminal system.
And I wanna bring Ted Anderson up to get his brief take on all this because he's predicted
this for many years as well. I mean, this is what governments do. Ted, how close do
you think we're getting towards a more accelerated meltdown? They had to know this was gonna
cause a panic.
Do you agree with Gerald and I that they did this as a trial balloon?
Well, Alex, when you see a place like Cyprus falling apart and causing problems, I mean,
we're talking about a little blip on the map. This is not a big economic superpower. And
yet, it drives the value of gold right over $1,600 an ounce. We've seen a $50 increase
there. Silver is up too. I mean, obviously, we have a lot of problems in the economy.
The Fed and the central banks of the world are trying to prop up this whole thing by
keeping the interest rates low. Meanwhile, taking care of, like you guys have been talking
about, they're just taking care of their own, that's all. They're destroying the economy
for everybody else. But they're bailing out the too big to fail, just like Gerald is saying.
We're right on the edge. We're under the cusp of a huge problem. And it's so mind boggling
that things are holding together, but it's like stuck together with tax and staples.
I mean, this is-
Absolutely. Well, you've got that free report, 10 Reasons to Own Gold for People to Make
Their Own Decision, Their Own Research. But I personally am making the decision. I don't
even have that much money in the bank anyways. I've invested it all, getting the word out
here at mfullwars.com. But I mean, it's time to just realize that you can't even have operating
capital hardly in the bank for our news operation because they could steal that and then we're
just shut down.
I mean, it's really crazy. And it's gonna hurt business that banks and government are
so untrustworthy. And that's part of what collapses society. I hope people will give
Minus Resources a call and will check out the great gold and silver deals you've got
because I believe now is the time to get involved and I personally am gonna double down.
I mean, look at this article I've got from Bloomberg last year, Soros Buying Gold as
Record Prices Seen on Stimulus. Give Minus a call at 800-686-2237, 800-686-2237. And
again, Ted's a big sponsor of the show and also the owner of the Radio Network and just
the best gold and silver broker out there in my humble view.
But going back to Gerald, Gerald, is there anything you personally wanna add on this
banking issue with how you tried to get money out before not even that much and act like
you're some type of criminal and how this hurts the economy that banks can't be trusted
now?
Well, again, you mentioned about how they're rigging everything. You mentioned about the
LIBOR. And we're talking about what, about $600 trillion worth of rigging? And then you
wanna see a rig that's right in front of everybody's eyes? How about the bond market? You don't
have to make it up. You see the money that they're dumping into the system every year,
every month, 85 billion plus that we don't know about beyond the 85 billion that we know.
So what I'm saying is for people to use their own common sense, look what's going on. Do
you think that Europeans right now aren't pulling their money out of their bank accounts?
Don't you think that they're freaking out because they see what's going on? This deal,
when I've been reading everything coming out on it, when the people from Cyprus, the president
and the finance minister, went to Brussels, the deal was already done. The Germans told
them what they were going to do, and they were going to take the money from the depositors.
And where's the money going? The money is going, it's not, they talk about the banks
in Cyprus and they talk about the banks in Italy and in Spain. No, no. These are the
big German banks, the Finnish banks, the Dutch banks, the Belgian banks that loaned all these
banks in the smaller countries the money to loan out. They didn't get that money on their
own. So what they're doing is they're really taking this money from the bottom so they
could pay off the big guys at the top.
So all I'm saying is if anybody thinks that they're not going to screw you, well, good
for you. And you personally, I know Ted's more than half into gold and investments and
savings. You personally are a firm believer in gold and silver. All my investments are
in gold and silver. And the only other investments I have are the historic buildings that I buy
in colonial Kingston, because this is where the first American Revolution had a lot of
its roots and I want to do the second one. Other than that, that's it. Gold and silver
and a good friend of mine, I think has the best strategy. Every month he buys what he
can afford in gold and silver. So you think about it. You just saw gold go down to 15.
I forgot what the low was in this recent downturn. And now it's back over 1600. So when you keep
buying every month, then you start seeing this thing really averaging out. Oh, and by
the way, for all of those people that watch CNBC and believe the hype and how wonderful
the markets are doing, check it out. When the markets were where they are now back in
2007, I think gold was about seven hundred and sixty something dollars around there.
What's it now? Sixteen hundred. Oh, and what's the market now? Oh, it got back to where it
was in 2007. And it's with devalued dollars, so it's inflationary. We'll be right back
with his prediction. If you're listening, you know, your basic freedoms are being threatened
every day. If you're listening, you know, the economy is not getting better. You know,
gas and food prices are skyrocketing. Now is the time to get prepared. For years, we've
told you about our friends at E Foods Direct. They have the best tasting long term, storable
food on the planet. This food will taste just as great twenty five years from now as it
does tonight. A long term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability
of the one thing you need most. Be prepared and get your supply from E Foods Direct. Right
now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on
all food supplies. Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared. Act now and call eight
hundred four zero nine five six three three or visit E Foods Direct dot com slash Alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time. Call eight hundred four zero nine five
six three three or go to E Foods Direct dot com slash Alex. You can bet your life on E
Foods Direct. Hey there. My name is Frank Bates. Do you know the number one most valuable
item in a crisis? Some people think the answer is gold. Others think it's a gun. But the
correct answer will shock you. I just created a free video at Crisis one two three dot com
that reveals a surprising item that is more valuable than gold in a crisis. Ninety seven
percent of Americans don't have this one critical item. In fact, they haven't even given it
a thought. And the sad truth is that you may not survive without it when a real crisis
hits and a starving mob is right outside your door. But I have to tell you, it could literally
make the difference between life and death for you and your family. Watch my video at
Crisis one two three dot com to discover the number one most valuable item in a crisis.
You'll be shocked. See the controversial video that thousands of other smart patriots have
already seen in the last three months. Go watch my video now at crisis one two three
dot com before they forced me to shut it down again. That's crisis one two three dot com.
Hello, this is Ty Bollinger, author of the bestselling book Cancer Step outside the box.
I want you to know some very important information. In nineteen eighty five, President Ronald Reagan
requested that carnivore be sent directly to the White House at a time when only the
president could obtain this world class healer. Now, twenty seven years later, carnivore capsules
are used around the world to keep people healthy. Now you can protect yourself and your loved
ones in this age of superbugs with 17 naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond
to abnormal cells only without harming a single normal cell. If you want to stay healthy,
now's your chance to literally wake up your critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders
that don't belong in your body. Call one eight six six Venus fly or order from carnivore
dot com. That's C a r n i v o r a dot com. That's one eight six six eight three six eight
seven three five one eight six six Venus fly or visit carnivore dot com. Protect your immune
system. It's the only one you've got. You look like an angel. Walk like an angel. Talk
like an angel. But I got wise. You're the devil in disguise. Oh, yes, you are. Yeah,
well, this is devil out in the open, not devil in disguise. The New World Order trends journal
dot com.
He's gonna do 30 minutes of overdrive with us. Ted's gonna pop in a little bit in the
next segment. We're gonna take a few calls. People don't want to talk to Gerald at eight
hundred to five at nine nine two three one. Now we've got predictions here in this compilation
he sent us from last year in June. But here's the first one. I think February twenty seventh
of this year, just a month or so ago, predicting what we're now seeing unfold.
So now TV viewers can see the dates for radio listeners. I'll mention the date during the
clips. This will take us to the end of the hour. Then we'll come back with Gerald's response.
Let's go to the first clip.
He puts case for benefits of easing Fed chairman in combative mood as he defends continuing
asset purchases. Ben Bernanke's mission for his trip to Congress yesterday was to explain
why the benefits of the U.S. Federal Reserve's third eighty five billion dollar a month round
of quantitative easing will outweigh its costs and risks. So let's make this one hundred
percent clear. The only reason these markets are improving is because of all this cheap
money being flooded into it. March is an important month. If you go back to October of nineteen
ninety nine, I wrote in the Trends Journal that the dot com bubble would burst before
the end of the second quarter of 2000. It's right there for everyone to look at. And it
did it burst in March. There's a lot of pessimism in the markets now. March and April are going
to be critical months to see where the future is taking us in the financial markets. I urge
you to stay tuned very closely. Again, when you look at these facts and the numbers, the
only thing that's holding it together are low interest rates and not only here, also
around the world, as I keep mentioning. All right, here is a year earlier back in June.
Gold investment demand in China advanced 10 percent because of buyers seeking a haven
from Europe's debt crisis and the prospects of weakening currencies, according to the
large country's largest bullion bank. Exactly what I've been saying. Oh, bank runs, da da
holiday. They call the bank holiday in Italy. That's right. People are freaking out. To
me, anybody who has a lot of dough in the bank and gets it taken from them when they
call a holiday. Remember, you heard it coming. You saw it coming. You know, it was going
to come. Here he is back in 2012 as well. In the Trends Journal, we're putting it on
screen for radio listeners. And that was, well, that was about that. That was before
2012. They made the prediction in 2012 that that would start unfolding. And then he's
got blow ups of it. The conditions continue to deteriorate that you would see panic type
activities and bank holidays. And we've also predicted on the show that they would grab
money.
Now, this is out of the from my broadcast December 27, 2011. They were talking about
declaring a bank holiday. That's right. This is June 2009. Biden's words are. As soon as
we got sworn in, the first thing at the top of our list, we had the transition team there
in 30 economists was whether or not to call a bank holiday. This is no holiday, folks.
Hold on, hit pause. Let's back it up to the beginning of that. We're gonna start the next
hour of overdrive with Gerald Cilenti. And I know I'm laughing as this is so painful.
That's from two years ago. I'm saying get ready for the bank holidays. We'll be right
back with Gerald Cilenti, Ted Anderson and your phone calls. Fourth hour coming up in
Fall Wars dot com for audio streams and retention of security to GCN visit GCN free podcast
in Fall Wars dot com.
Stay with us. A little over a year ago, I began to do a lot of research into why even
if I had a pretty good sized meal that I was still starving. And my research led me to
a well-known fact that most of the soils that we grow our crops on here in the United States
and across the industrialized world are almost completely depleted of almost all of the key
minerals and trace elements that our bodies need to rebuild themselves, fight off cancer
and be healthy. I then searched out the best vitamin and mineral company out there and
discovered Young Jevety. The Young Jevety products are designed to give you the real nutrition
you need. And once you've got that, you don't have to eat as much to be satisfied. I've
lost 37 pounds in two months. Simply getting the vitamins and minerals I need. Check it
out for yourself. It's incredible. Go to info wars team.com today and order your first canister
of Beyond Tangy Tangerine complete multivitamin mineral complex dietary supplement that's
infowarsteam.com. Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers?
Well, so does he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network. And now live from Austin, Texas,
Alex Jones. I really like how Gerald does the news and I routinely go over to the site
and watch his daily news briefs and weekly news briefs. Sitting behind his great bar
there at his old family grocery store that he converted into an office. And as my crew's
been up there, it'd be great to be in that neighborhood and friends with Gerald drop
by have a beer with him. Ted Anderson's with us. Ted, you just heard some of those predictions.
We're going to come back in the next segment and play the one we haven't gotten to and
go to some calls with Gerald Cilente. But this is really a no brainer. What's your comments
on where we see this going? I mean, don't the globalists know that MF Global and stuff
like this is only going to destroy confidence in them? I mean, you've even got the Federal
Reserve head of Dallas coming out and saying this is crony capitalism and it's going to
destroy us. Well, it sure is going to destroy us. And Gerald is right on target. I mean,
he's been right on for how many years now? I mean, Alex, I mean, it's been years and
years and years of predictions. You cannot continue to print money and bail out your
friends and make a great deal for them and screw the people without having consequences.
And we're seeing those consequences. Yeah, they could have set up the Cyprus thing. I
mean, how could one little island like this throw an economic earthquake into the entire
world's economy? I mean, it just doesn't make sense. If people are smart, they will be getting
out of the paper and getting into gold and silver. I mean, just like Gerald said, I mean,
I own some buildings, too, because I have to operate. I've been to Gerald's place. It's
a beautiful place. And I need to tell you, if you're sitting in the bank, if you have
your money in paper, I think you're making a big mistake. You just really are.
I agree. Chad, briefly, what are some of the best gold specials? People can always call
and ask about the radio special every day and you'll have the lowest prices. I know
you even have gold you bought before it went back up. Most dealers are going to charge
more now that it's gone up. You're freezing your prices. How long can you do that until
you run out of your supplies? Well, I mean, Alex, I mean, I have to roll with the market,
too. But right now I do have some really good prices because the market just ran up another
12 bucks. I mean, it's up over $50, really, if you look at it from the bottom.
Franks right now are at 350.93. We have the Walking Liberty halves. They're at 16.17 rounds.
Just clean silver rounds are at 32.12. Canadian maple leaves right now are at 1751. There's
a lot of different things. British sovereigns at $440. The thing about it is that you need
to get into gold and silver as you can afford it, just like Gerald was explaining. If you
can buy some, buy some. Put it away. One of the things you can do, which really covers
the banking issue more than anything I can think of other than Gerald's Trends Journal,
is that dishonest money, American Dream and Obama deception video. I mean, for $72, and
we do take credit cards, you can get two pieces of silver, and these are the silver dollars
that were meant as constitutional money two decades ago, or two centuries ago, the turn
of the last century, for $72. And the reason why I like that so much is it's more about
the education. They get to see what's going on with your Obama deception, which covers
the banking system, by the way. It's not really about Obama. It's about who's pulling the
puppet strings.
And all our predictions that came true. Then you've got the dishonest money, breaking down
the banking system, the Federal Reserve. Then you've got the American Dream cartoon. I really
wouldn't show it to kids. It's a little racy. But it's really great exposing the New World
Order, the Rothschilds, how it all works. The two silver dollars it costs, shipping
included, and over $60 in free stuff. As a loss leader, I'd introduce you to Midas Resources
800-686-2237, 800-686-237.
Thank you so much, Ted.
Yeah, thanks a lot, Alex.
You bet. We're gonna come back with Gerald Cilente and get his take on the videos we
just aired in the last hour and audio of him predicting the holiday and finish up that
clip and then see how he thinks we can defeat these people and how far he thinks in his
gut this will go.
And as he said, this Alice in Wonderland world, who knows where it's all going? Because they
could totally do anything. I mean, who knows? Also go and support Gerald and support yourself
and subscribe to the journal at trendsjournal.com to get the hard copy. And also sign up for
the free alerts that they have there on the site, trendsjournal.com.
Because just because you know this information doesn't mean your friends, family, and neighbors
do. You need to be warning your friends and family about all this stuff so they're protected.
Our number one goal is to defeat the globalists. And we do that by being aware of their operations
and their plan. We're all in this together.
The Genesis Communications Radio Network proudly presents the Alex Jones Show because there's
a war on for your mind.
All right, Gerald Cilente is with us some more for the hour, and we're going to be taking
some of your phone calls that have guests for Gerald. But I want to bring something
up to Gerald here and then play that clip that we didn't finish of him in 2011 on the
broadcast, a YouTube copy, a clip of the TV streams where he was saying get ready for
the bank holiday.
And he said the New York Times called him a pessimist porn dealer. I get called a fear
porn person. And it's not fear porn. If I'm driving down the street and I see my neighbor's
house on fire, I'm going to pull up and see if they're aware of it or I'm going to call
the fire department.
I mean, admitting something's going on is a good thing, so we can stop it. And of course,
I get attacked, Gerald gets attacked. Other guests that we have on who actually tell the
truth, we get attacked and it's important to defend us. I mean, Gerald doesn't care.
But I mean, Gerald, you've been torn up pretty bad. People say, Gerald said seven years ago,
we have a collapse. It never happened. I mean, what do you call 2008? What do you call what's
happening now? I mean, we could have total collapse, they'd say you were wrong.
This lying, this stonewalling, do you want to respond to all the people that have been
proven wrong and the fact that you've been right?
Well, yeah, my record speaks for itself. I'll put it up against anybody's. Do I get the
timing right all the time? No, you can't. And I always make it clear, no one could predict
the future. There are too many wildcards. Do I know that the Federal Reserve is going
to dump in $17 trillion into the system to bail it out?
Do I know that they're going to kill capitalism with four words called too big to fail? And
by the way, here's another one that I don't want to hear anymore. Yes, Mussolini did say
it's a fact, Jack. The merger of state and corporate powers is called fascism. So did
I know that we would lose all our rights and we would let the Federal Reserve and the banking
system con us with this continuing scam?
I want to read something. I'm glad you mentioned that. This isn't edited yet, but it's coming
from the Spring Trends Journal, which will be out in about three or four weeks. As with
all Ponzi schemes, the system is designed to collapse and the victims will be those
who believe their governments were holding currencies that were being systematically
debased.
That's all this is. It's one big pump and dump Ponzi scheme.
Let me put it to you this way. Let me put it to you this way then. And correct me if
I'm wrong, but I've studied history because it's so interesting. I probably read 200,
300 history books to be conservative and countless journals on the subject. Has there ever been
a time that they've debased a currency that it hasn't finally hyperinflated or super hyperinflated?
Because I don't know of any time the path we're on hasn't led straight to economic hell.
It's going to every this is what this is what is so unbelievable. A theme of this trends
journal coming out is I don't want to hear it. People don't want to hear it. They want
to believe their lie.
They want to believe in their but am I wrong? Hasn't this always led to collapse? Yes, it
has to. You can't keep printing worthless money. You cannot keep. Look, the only reason
this whole bond scam is going on is because what the Federal Reserve is doing is in front
of us.
Look what's going on in China now. What they're doing now is they're afraid of inflation just
went up 3.2%. It's much higher than that. They've been dumping money into the system
in a different way. They've been building their infrastructure, but the result is the
same. It has to look. I don't tell again people what to do. My, you know, we're taught to
be by my dear father, mayor, so rest in peace.
Think for yourself. I buy gold. I buy silver. I buy it for my golden years. I am not a speculator.
Why would I want to hold on to paper money that they just keep printing and printing?
Oh, and going back to the other bigger game, China, Russia, Iran, they're all getting together
to try to kill the petro dollar because once they start trading, stop trading oil with
petro dollars, boy, you're gonna see the dollar crash like you've never seen it crash before.
And notice the EU and others are moving towards that SDR down the road. They are designing
the destruction of society. So what do we do? Do we just beat the drum for their arrest?
I mean, they've proven they're above the law. The Justice Department has said they're above
the law. Justice Department's busy staging fast and furious to get our guns. I mean,
we really do just have a criminal takeover here.
It is. It's a banking takeover. So again, you know, to meet gold and silver, why would
any, again, why would you want to hold this paper crap? They're debasing it in front of
our, we got a six, you know, you're gonna play those clips. When I Met was on your show,
the deficit was $15 trillion. It went up a trillion and a half since then. They're never
gonna solve this problem.
This whole sequester stuff, what are they talking about, $80 something billion? That's
one month with the Fed is dumping into the system. They can't save it. It's impossible.
I truly believe, Alex, they're going to debase the currency. And again, if you're living
in Europe, who would want to hold a euro when you see what's going on in front of your eyes?
And the same thing in China. So you're going to see this thing to me, will it collapse
next week, next month, next year? I can't put a date on it, but only speaking for myself,
why would I believe that by printing more money, by keeping interest rates near zero,
when interest rates go back up, the bond market's going to collapse. And all those people that
are saying when interest rates go up, it's going to be a sign because of a strong economy
grow up.
We got to import our shirts, our shoes. We're importing, we put our oil, we import our cars,
you name it. No, it's not gonna recuperate because of a strong economy.
It's been a plan, a long term agenda, and they're gonna clamp down with a police state.
But we've been there warning people, so this isn't happening in a vacuum. So they're saying
anybody that criticizes the Federal Reserve is the new terrorist, which shows the foreign
occupiers, the globalist occupiers, are saying those of us that are warning you are the bad
guys.
No, they're the bad guys. I wanna finish that clip and then go to calls from you two years
ago on the show talking about the holiday. Here it is.
They were talking about declaring a bank holiday.
That's right. This is June 2009. Biden's words are, as soon as we got sworn in, the first
thing at the top of our list, we had to transition the team there in 30 economists, was whether
or not to call a bank holiday.
This is no holiday, folks. You can't get your money. You think it's bad trying to get it
now? You can't get any of it. And when you do get it, they'll do like they did the last
time they call a bank holiday. They'll devalue the currency. So that's what we're warning.
They've already said they were going to do it. Now remember, Alex, that happened before
there was a European crisis. That happened before the United States was $15 trillion
in debt.
That happened before the Federal Reserve, when you add it all up, pumped in $26 trillion
into the Ponzi scheme to keep it afloat.
And here's the Winter Trends Journal 2010. I'll show it for TV viewers, but top trends,
breaking point 2010. And he talks about bank holidays, draconian measures, and taking part
of your bank accounts, just taking money right out.
And they call it a tax. They call Obamacare, doubling your costs. We're going to skip this
network break. This is our final long segment with Gerald Cilente, trendsresearch.com, trendsjournal.com,
History Before It Happens. And he's on with us right now. Again, I'm Alex Jones, your
host.
We're going to take some phone calls here right now for your questions in the 10 or
12 minutes we have left with Gerald. Let's talk to James in Missouri. You're on the air.
Thanks for holding.
Yeah, no problem. Thanks for having me. You know, I'm just getting kind of to the point
now where I can't justify spending my energy, my life force towards anything except we're
trying to express what is going on to other people.
And I just don't know. How much more are we going to put up with? I mean, we have-
The general public is in a trance. We got to figure out how to get them out of their
trance. I'm sorry, go ahead.
It's fine. But I mean, how much longer are we going to put up with this? I mean, we got-
Gerald's been talking about just the blatant, overt manipulation going on in our financial
institutions. We were talking about earlier about the manipulation of the food, the manipulation
of the water, the manipulation of everything.
No, no, we're in a scientific dictatorship. That's why these guys are on such power trips,
because they just manipulate us like we're dumb animals. Gerald?
When was it going to change? Again, the model to me that exists is this five star movement.
It's not a protest, it's a movement. We have to get a movement going where we have conditions.
For example, some of the conditions, and I'm speaking about this a lot now, all of these
politicians start talking about our founding fathers when it's convenient for them. No
more foreign entanglements, founding fathers, no more central banks. We have to put together
a movement. And I believe that between now and the next election is the time to do it.
And when I studied the five star movement in Italy, they only began that in 2008, 2009.
And look what happened. That party got more votes than any other single party in Italy.
There are enough of us, but we have to unite behind a movement, not a political party.
And that's the big difference. We need to change the system. You cannot fix the Gambinos,
the Bananos, the Democrats, or the Republicans.
And they know that we're gonna try to get free of them, so they're arming to the teeth
against us. And police and military better be discussing this right now, and citizens
better be very aggressive about what's happening. We have to make this the big cultural issue
in our society right now.
We have to-
Yes, and just stay with the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution. Just stay
on these issues. It came out today, big news, Hillary Clinton's flawed same sex marriage.
What do I care what she's for? Was she coming out of the closet and gonna get rid of Bill?
What the hell do I care about? I don't care about those issues. Those aren't the same.
Exactly, the group's trying to say, focus on it that it's bad or distracting. And the
people obsessing on it or saying it's great or distracting, they shove all this stuff.
Well, is he gay or is she a lesbian or what's gonna go on with this? While they implode
everything around us, they have us all fighting with each other.
Exactly, so going back to the question, we need to have a movement that's based upon
what this country was founded on. And every one of them said, do not become involved in
foreign entanglements. Every one of them except the few of the criminals in there didn't want
a central bank. Every one of them wanted to have our freedom of expression, the right
to bear arms, every one of them.
It's a very simple process. It has to go back to the people. And do you know what the big
one with Beppe Grillo is? The one I've been talking about for two years now, direct democracy.
He wants the people in Italy to vote whether or not they wanna stay in the Euro. Let the
people vote. We do not have a representative form of government. We have Feinstein's and
Pelosi's. We have McConnell's and we have boners. We have a bunch of guys and women
that only represent the most powerful and the most amount of money that they give to
them.
Look at Obama with this new lobbying group that he put together. If you raise $500,000
or if you donate $500,000, you get to meet with El Presidente every four months.
I mean, it's just open globalism, open mafia takeover. Thank you, James. Let's talk to
Matthew in Maryland. You're on the air. Go ahead.
Yeah, I just wanted to get a comment about the new pope being supposedly, after listening
to the type of analysis over the weekend, he's very anti globalist. I just wanted to
know how you guys felt how that's gonna impact the economic outlook.
That's not the way I read it. I read it. He's a member of the club from a lot of the information
that I've been reading. And there's a lot of spin going on. And one of the things was
when they had that terrible time in Argentina with all those missing people, 30,000 of them.
He was helping out?
Let's just say he was silent on it. And there's this other thing too. I'm Catholic. The Jesuits
were never going to be pope. That was one of the things that Jesuits, by the way, it
was only founded 1500 years after Christ. So I don't think there's much of a connection
in terms of the spirituality from the originator. But having said that, their doctrine was never
to be a pope or go into the hierarchy. So there's something here that doesn't set right
with me.
As a matter of fact, the chief Jesuit spokesman just before the coronation of the pope, the
election of the pope, said it would never happen that he would be chosen. That's how
out of the-
Yeah, notice on every level, ancient taboos are being broken.
Yeah. So I don't see anything coming out of that.
All right, there you go, Matthew. Anything else?
No, that's it. But I guess it's curious that he's going out into the crowds now though
too. He's very fearless.
You know what? That's what they're supposed to do. It's like they made a big deal about
Mother Teresa. They're all supposed to be Mother Teresa's. This is what they're supposed
to do. And they get one or two to do it and they make a big deal about it. They're all
supposed to be with the poor. They're all supposed to be working with the people all
the time.
So no, this to me is a publicity stunt.
All right, thank you, Matthew. Let's talk to Bill in Florida. Bill, you're on the air
with Gerald Simonti. Go ahead.
Hello, gentlemen. God bless the both of you. You're awesome.
Thank you.
I'm a big ex-Marine and I've just been investing my money in physical gold and silver. Been
doing it for almost a year now. And now I sold a property ready to sell more. And I'm
thinking of a storage vault somewhere. I was looking at gold money. Does Gerald have an
opinion on that or where to store, you know, a big amount for an investment without it
with it being safe, which in this day and age.
Well, they go after they go after the deposit boxes now. I mean, it's really crazy.
I agree with Alex. That's the one place I would not put it in. I would say use your
imagination. You're a Marine. You've been out there. You know what life looks like and
pack some heat. And, you know, just use your own use your own head. And but again, you
know, when they when they confiscated gold back in the 1930s, your safety deposit box
wasn't so safe.
And right now, of course, they could they know all your information, everything about
you. And if they close down the banks, they close down your deposit box. I would just
say, you know, use your head.
Yeah. What did the old timers do? What what what what did Long John Silver's do?
Yeah. You know, yeah. You know, you have some property buried somewhere. You know, don't
tell anybody.
Buried with Billy Bones. Thank you for the call, Bill. Let's talk to Hoot in South Carolina.
You're on the air. Go ahead.
How are you doing?
Pretty good, sir. Go ahead.
I got a little insider tip. I was actually at a prominent restaurant in Atlanta, Georgia,
and had a few drinks with some gentlemen. They were from Europe. And he gave me his
business card. He works for T-MAX Asset Management, AG based out of Zurich, Switzerland. And he
was the managing director of the investment bank in there. And he said, showed me a photo
that he had of the new proposed currency in the Federal Reserve and said, this is what
it's going to look like. It will be backed by gold. And, you know, at first I was like,
well, why would they do that? They've done such a great job of not having it backed by
gold and of destroying that since the 1970s. So why would they all of a sudden convert
to having the currency backed by gold again? And if so, then when do they plan on doing
this? What would that play out as?
That's a great question. I think it was 2010, the head of the World Bank back then, Zoellick,
he came out with this concept about having gold as one of the parts of the banking of
a new reserve currency.
Yeah, 10 to 30 percent.
And I think that that's a reality. I think that's something that could happen.
Because the next time everything implodes, no one's going to trust fiat anymore.
That's right. So if they have some gold behind it now, think about it. If they have to put
gold as part of the backing of a new reserve currency, you think gold prices are going
to be high?
Absolutely.
Because they got a lot of dough out there and they got a lot of backing to do. So you
could see gold prices go up to like $11,000 an ounce.
Well, if you look at 12, 13 year graphs, gold just keeps going up. People look at one year
graphs or six months graphs, look at a 12 month graph. That's why I'm in gold and silver.
In closing, Gerald, have you noticed the media is trying to create race division and trying
to act like libertarianism is a white thing?
And Southern Property Law Center reports about people that think the New World Order is taking
over are mega banks, they're white Christians. And it makes no sense to people that are researched,
that it's meant to create division. What do you make of that?
Well, look at this last election. You can see the division it created and you were talking
about the food stamps for Mexicans. I mean, who do they vote for? They go democratic.
So yeah, they use divisiveness all the time, whether it's between the people in the states
or among the different nations. So fear and hysteria, hate and deception, that's what
they do. And of course they're doing it.
It's elementary, shut down the economy, transfer everybody onto food stamps, and then things
go more bankrupt, take more money from the middle class, and pretty soon there's no middle
class. I mean, it's so horrible.
Well, one of the reasons why you're not seeing this Great Depression that we're in, when
you look at John Williams' shadow stats, and they're like they came out with new employment
numbers last month, 236,000 jobs or something like that created. But hardly anybody mentioned
139 that dropped, 1,000 that dropped out. The only reason you don't see the bread lines
is because of the food stamps.
Digital food lines, yeah.
Exactly. So if you didn't have those food stamps going on, then you would really see
the horrors that are being created.
You have 50 million homeless people in bread lines.
47 million on food stamps, isn't it? Or almost 50 million.
It's almost 50 million now, yeah, and that's not even counting some state programs.
So could you imagine 50 million people online for food outside like they used to do during
the Great Depression? There would be riots in the streets.
You're right, trendsjournal.com. I'm Alex Jones with mfallwars.com. Amazing, Gerald.
Thank you for all the time today.
Here on the march, the empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
