Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Welcome to the broadcast. This is the Alex Jones Show. Mike Adams, the Health Ranger,
sitting in for Alex today on this Wednesday, March 6th, 2013. Yes, Hugo Chavez is dead.
At least his physical body is dead. His soul is no doubt rotting someplace where he's inhaling
a lot of sulfur right now. And we're going to be talking about that on the show today,
of course. Plus, we're hoping to get Max here in the studio. He's an Infowars employee from
Venezuela to give us some really well-informed perspective on the death of Chavez.
And I know in America everybody says Chavez, but in South America it's Chavez. So that's
the pronunciation I'm going with. But anyway, there are a lot of implications for this and
there are a lot of parallels to what is happening in America today, parallel to what Chavez
did to Venezuela since, what, 1998. So we're gonna talk about those parallels and how the
American economy has been invaded with a cancer in the same way that Chavez, his body was
invaded with cancer and how socialism is a cancer.
And in addition to that, we got a lot of great guests coming up today. Now, the guest segments
are gonna be relatively short because we got so much news coming in. And in the third hour,
we've got two special reports and some interesting dialogue with Infowarriors David Knight and
Aaron Dykes, who will be in studio with me here.
That's the third hour. Before then, we've got Liz Reitzig with an update on the raw
milk public debate in Maryland. Just a quick update from her at the bottom of this hour.
We've got James Stewart popping in with a success story of entrepreneurial victory versus
state tyranny. He is the raw milk man from California that they threw in jail for selling
fresh milk, or actually not even selling it, just distributing it at a pickup point in
Los Angeles.
And he has found a way to achieve victory against that tyranny. We'll have him on at
the top of the next hour. We've also got Dr. Len Saputo joining us for some updates about
vaccine damage of babies and why the system wants you to inject your children with mercury,
formaldehyde, MSG, and aluminum. It's all in vaccines admitted by the CDC.
So all of that news coming up today, plus, check this out. This is huge news. Paul Joseph
Watson story up on infowars.com right now. Media portrays DHS ammo purchases as a conspiracy
theory. Yeah, no, DHS isn't buying 1.6 billion rounds of ammo, or I think it's up to 2 billion
now.
No, no, DHS isn't buying 7,000 full auto assault rifles, as we already wrote about and exposed
from their public bids. And no, according to media matters, DHS isn't even buying 2,700
plus armored assault vehicles to be deployed on the streets of America. No, this is all
just imaginary.
It's all imaginary. There are no bullets. There are no guns. There are no assault vehicles.
It's just purely a conspiracy theory. It's just your imagination. And I'm relieved. I'm
relieved because it means that we can all just buy imaginary bulletproof vests now to
be safe so that all those on the radical left out there who think this is imaginary, when
the bullets start flying your way, all you need is an imaginary ballistic vest.
It will protect you. That's right. And when they round you up and throw you in the imaginary
FEMA camp, you can imagine that you're somewhere else. You can imagine you're in an Obama mania
utopia. How's that sound? Use your imagination. That's what it's there for. And I'm going
to sell an imaginary preparedness course for the radical left so that you can imagine that
you're prepared.
But not really. How's that sound? Imaginary preparedness course. Much more news straight
ahead here on the Alex Jones show. Stay with us. We'll be right back with all this news
and more.
We'll be right back with all this news straight ahead here on the Alex Jones show.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. A little over a year ago, I began to do a lot
of research into why, even if I had a pretty good sized meal, that I was still starving.
And my research led me to a well known fact that most of the soils that we grow our crops
on here in the United States and across the industrialized world are almost completely
depleted of almost all of the key minerals and trace elements that our bodies need to
rebuild themselves, fight off cancer and be healthy. I then searched out the best vitamin
and mineral company out there and discovered Younggevity. The Younggevity products are
designed to give you the real nutrition you need and once you've got that, you don't have
to eat as much to be satisfied. I've lost 37 pounds in two months simply getting the
vitamins and minerals I need. Check it out for yourself, it's incredible. Go to Infowarsteam.com
today and order your first canister of Beyond Tangy Tangerine complete multivitamin mineral
complex dietary supplement. That's Infowarsteam.com. Big Brother, mainstream media, government
cover-ups. You want to stop tyranny? Well, so does he. Live from the Infowars.com studios,
it's Alex Jones.
All right, this is the Alex Jones show. Thank you for joining us today. This is Mike Adams
filling in for Alex who has the week off, but he's calling all of us and filling us
in and filming videos. In fact, he shot a video last night on the death of Hugo Chavez
and that's up at Infowars.com, so check out that video. Obviously, we're going to be covering
the death of Chavez here today, so if you're interested in that, stay tuned. We're going
to try to get Max in the studio here.
Max is an Infowars employee who is from Venezuela to get some in-depth perspective on that issue.
But as I wrote last night, Hugo Chavez, even though he is dead, the great cancer of socialism
continues to spread. So this is the really sad thing, not that Chavez is dead. That's
probably something worthy of a celebration for all who believe in human rights and liberties
and justice in Venezuela.
The real issue is that his philosophies continue to spread like a cancer tumor. And his philosophies,
which are, of course, centralized control, total government corruption, government taking
over private industry, no more private ownership of businesses, all of this incredible corruption,
incredible poverty, incredible centralized command control economy. That philosophy is
now invading America. Well, it has been for many years, and we'll talk about that in more
detail here on the show.
But let me give you the rundown of what's coming up here for the next three hours here
on the Alex Jones show. We've got Liz Reitzig popping in for a few minutes with a live update.
She's about to give testimony in the state of Maryland on raw milk freedom, food freedom
issue there. She's gonna give us a quick update of what's happening. We've got James Stewart
popping in from California on his entrepreneurial victory against the state tyranny there.
They tried to shut him down for selling farm fresh milk. Now, this whole show isn't about
food, by the way, but those two just happen to coincide today. We've got Dr. Len Saputo
joining us to talk about GMOs and vaccine damaged babies and how the system wants you
to keep injecting your babies with lobotomizing heavy metals, including mercury.
And of course, there's also MSG and formaldehyde in those vaccines. And then in the third hour,
sort of the bonus round here on the show, we've got David Knight joining us at one o'clock
with some special reports and also Aaron Dykes jumping in at 1.30. So it's a packed show.
I'm gonna try to take some calls during the Len Saputo segment that's at 12.30 Central.
So I'll open up the phones at that point for some calls. But until then, we're just gonna
run down the breaking news. Now, we're waiting on Max to get in here to give us a breakdown
on Chavez.
So I'm gonna save the Hugo Chavez story for later. Let's go to this story right now, which
I mentioned before the break, but not all stations carry that. Paul Joseph Watson has
a blockbuster news story on infowars.com. Media portrays DHS ammo purchases as conspiracy
theory. This is, of course, from Media Matters, which is just an Obama administration mouthpiece.
Now, here's the deal. If you're a regular listener of this show, you know that the federal
government has purchased over 1.6 billion rounds of ammo. They're stockpiling ammo like
never before. It's an arms race. It's actually up to 2 billion if you're keeping track. And
we've shown you the documents from the bid contracts with the actual numbers right there.
It's all out in the open. We've shown you that DHS is purchasing 7,000 full auto assault
rifles as well. And it calls them personal defense weapons, by the way. That's interesting.
We've shown you, and more recently, that DHS is retrofitting 2,700 armored vehicles. These
are really armored assault vehicles. They're not tanks, because they don't have a turret,
but they're armored vehicles for moving assault teams around. And they are to be deployed
in the United States on the streets of America. Now, the liberal media, well, I guess liberal
is even the wrong word. It's the radical left media, the White House controlled media, says
that all of this is made up. That it's a complete conspiracy theory. The Associated Press even
did a story on this, which just said that the bullet buys are a conspiracy or that it's
misleading and they don't give any reason why. Or they say, well, yeah, they're buying
the bullets, but the government just wants to save money. You don't save money buying
things that you don't need, okay?
So if they're buying all of this, they intend to use it. There's a lot of ammo, 1.6 billion
rounds or 2 billion now, thousands of assault rifles, thousands of assault vehicles, and
this is just the stuff we know about. Imagine the stuff that we don't know about. But the
left says this is all imaginary. So as I was joking before the break there, wow, that makes
our job very simple, very easy to prepare, since I guess all of this is imaginary.
We could just, to defend against, you know, imaginary tyranny, we could just buy imaginary
ballistic vests. Wouldn't that be great? Or if you want to grow your own food, you could
buy imaginary seeds. Or how about imaginary food for your food preparedness? And I was
even thinking, I should produce a how to imagine you're prepared course. How about that? How
to imagine that you're prepared for anything and it doesn't cost you a dime to gather all
this stuff because it's all imaginary.
And so when the government breaks out its imaginary ammo and its imaginary guns and
comes into your town, rolls in with its imaginary assault vehicles, you can whip out your imaginary
defenses and you can grow food with your imaginary seeds. And after you take the course, if a
friend asks you, are you prepared? You can say, I imagine I am. Yes, yes, indeed. I imagine
I'm fully prepared against all the imaginary stuff.
But obviously, this is all very real. Hardware is real, bullets are real, lead, you know,
I checked. Lead is on the table of elements. It's actually an element. It's as physical
as it gets in this reality. So in fact, lead is quite dense and if it's headed your way,
you don't want to just imagine that you're moving out of the way.
You want to get out of the way, you want to get prepared. So to all of those on the left
who are lying to you and saying that this is all imaginary, I can only say, I hope your
imagination continues to work when the bullets are aimed at you. Because that's where this
is all headed and we'll talk about Chavez and we'll talk about Stalin and Mao and Hitler
and the history of tyrants throughout human history who have always inevitably tried to
control power and try to dominate their people using weapons, weapons that are very real,
hardware that is very real.
It is not imaginary. It is not delusional. It is not a conspiracy theory. This is human
history repeating itself. Why is the government arming up? It's not my imagination to tell
you it's because the government anticipates needing to deploy that hardware on the streets
of America. There you go. God forbid the Associated Press actually would tell the truth and say
such a thing.
Anyway, check out that story on Infowars.com. Let's go to some other news, other breaking
news. Will you be required to turn in your guns to receive healthcare in America? This
is a story from yesterday. A state rep says that you might have to surrender your guns
for Obamacare. This is another story by Paul Joseph Watson. And let's see, I'm not catching
what state he is from, Montana.
Here it is, Montana lawmaker Creighton Kerns warns that when he's trying to pass a bill
that would prevent a healthcare provider from refusing service to a person who refuses to
provide information about their firearms ownership, cuz this is where this was headed. Someday
in the future, you go into the hospital, you need treatment, you had an accident, a car
accident, a broken bone, an infection, whatever.
And they say, yeah, we'll treat you. But you gotta turn in your Ruger. You gotta turn in
your Remington. You gotta bring your bullets. And at that point, I guess you could tell
them, you can just hand over empty air and say, here's my imaginary bullets, cuz that's
just like Department of Homeland Security, it's all imaginary.
All my guns are imaginary, so here they are. And then they can then, in turn, give you
imaginary healthcare, which is really what the whole system is, cuz it's not healthcare,
it's disease management. They give you pharmaceuticals, and they get you to think, to imagine that
you're getting a treatment, when in fact, you're just being poisoned by the pharmaceuticals.
Think about it, vaccines are imaginary vaccines, because they don't protect you from the flu.
In fact, I've got another story here today about how vaccines cause narcolepsy. Vaccines
are imaginary medicine. It's even more fringe than the skeptics say homeopathy is. It's
so bizarre.
Anyway, there you go. If you want healthcare, you might be required to turn your guns. Check
this out. Eric Holder, drone strikes against Americans on US soil are legal, he says. This
is in response to a query from Kentucky Senator Rand Paul, of course. And in his letter answering
Senator Paul, Eric Holder says that he thinks it's completely legal to have drone strikes
against American citizens on US soil.
And here's his language. He says, it is possible, I suppose, to imagine an extraordinary circumstance.
Here he is imagining again. They really love all this imagining, don't they? To imagine
a circumstance in which it would be necessary and appropriate under the Constitution, he
says, what a joke, under the Constitution, of the United States for the president to
authorize the military to use lethal force within the territory of the United States.
You realize that there are at least five traitorous implications or statements in this statement
from Eric Holder. I mean, this is grounds for being arrested for sedition against America.
I mean, you can't use the military in the United States. The president alone cannot
declare who to assassinate. This is not under the Constitution. I mean, this guy is off
his rocker. But he says, he insists that you can use drone strikes against American citizens
on US soil.
That is now official. So all of those who made fun of Alex Jones saying they're gonna
use drones to come after you in America, all of you media matters and people out there,
you owe Alex Jones an apology. Eric Holder just said Alex Jones was right, all right?
That's a fact. It's not my imagination. That's a fact. Stay with us. We'll be right back.
If you're listening, you know, your basic freedoms are being threatened every day. If
you're listening, you know, the economy is not getting better. You know, gas and food
prices are skyrocketing. Now is the time to get prepared. For years, we've told you about
our friends at e foods direct. They have the best tasting long term storeable food on the
planet. This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long
term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing
you need most be prepared and get your supply from e foods direct right now is the best
time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give
yourself peace of mind and be prepared Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit e foods
direct.com slash Alex get free shipping on all orders for a limited time call 800-409-5633
or go to e foods direct.com slash Alex, you can bet your life on e foods direct. We can
buy GMOs stressed out about money and blasted by the electric environment. Hi, I'm Pastor
Jenny and that was the state I was in back in 2010. Then I learned about RNA drops. I
learned that 97% of my DNA that scientists have called junk is actually packed with millions
of gene switches that play a critical role in controlling how my cells, organs and other
tissues behave. I learned I don't have to put up with disease decay or decline like
I've been conditioned to believe I began taking RNA drops a 100% natural formula designed
to turn on those switches and provide me with amazing health and joy. Learn more about RNA
drops and order a free sample today visit RNA free sample.com that's RNA free sample.com
or call toll free 888-577-3703 pay only shipping and handling for a free 30 day supply of RNA
drops get the information you need and the health you want at RNA free sample.com nagging
constipation hemorrhoids or painful bowel movements. Have you considered your toilet
posture the colon needs proper alignment for faster more effective elimination and that's
exactly what you'll get with a squatty potty not a cleanse or a pill the squatty potty
is a healthy step in the right direction is doctor recommended and starts at just $34.95
call 855-628-1099 or go to squattypotty.com spelled S Q U A T T Y potty.com squatty potty
healthy colon happy life. Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered why banks
stockbrokers investment advisors won't talk about gold IRAs they've been available since
1986 yet the financial industry won't recognize the value of gold for your retirement gold
is outperform paper investments yet no word about IRAs if you would like to have gold
for your retirement call 800-686-2237 don't get left behind by rising inflation and low
returns call 800-686-2237 secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237 is this the year you
finally get serious about your family's drinking water if so keep listening for a special offer
from big Berkey water filters did you know that over 60% of municipal water is fluoridated
Berkey water filters distinguish themselves from many other filtration systems with the
capability to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine fluoride arsenic and disinfection
byproducts from municipal water via the black Berkey and PF line of filters then there's
affordability at only 1.7 cents per gallon Berkey water filters purify treated and untreated
water even stagnant pond water stop and think how much money you could save by simply reducing
buying bottled water and using water filtered by your Berkey water filter no need to be
constantly replacing expensive filters with a Berkey a single set of filters can last
for 5 to 10 years choose the best size Berkey for your needs at big Berkey water filters.com
and right now all GCN listeners get 5% off all ceramic filter systems just call 1-877-99-BERKEY
that's 877-99-BERKEY or visit big Berkey water filters.com free shipping on every order
over $50 big Berkey water filters for the love of clean water
thank you for joining us here on the Alex Jones show this is Mike Adams filling in today
for Alex thank you for continuing with us much more straight ahead I just can't believe
that we live in a country where the Attorney General who is supposed to be the person who
upholds the law the top law defender of the country says that the government that one
man the president can decide to kill an unlimited number of American people on US soil with
no due process no charges ever being levied against you no rights no no attorney not even
a trial by jury man I mean it's you talk about wow you talk about tyranny this is the very
definition of it that the Attorney General would say yeah we can kill anybody at any
time for any reason and we don't need to tell you why we don't need to produce any evidence
why that is is that not the definition of tyranny is that not a total criminal violation
of the US Constitution is that not government gone completely awry I mean come on come on
wake up people wake up and smell the tyranny in some other news some good news for a change
check this out a military acupuncture is a big deal many of you have probably never heard
of this but I've been tracking this because of course you know I'm the health Ranger I
follow alternative health acupuncture you know you know how our soldiers are being killed
by all of these SSR eyes and all these psychotropic drugs and they're committing suicide in huge
numbers and their brains are being fried by these drugs and then they're being they're
being diagnosed with PTSD and denied their rights when they come home well there's an
alternative to that and it's acupuncture and a process called cupping which is actually
part of traditional Chinese medicine cupping where they actually use little vacuum cups
and they can pull toxins right out of the body through the skin it turns out that there's
a military acupuncture is being tested here in Texas at some military bases and it's being
used in a limited role on the battlefield right now and it works that's the amazing
thing no side effects no drugs it doesn't cause psychosis it doesn't promote suicides
it's it's virtually painless it's easy it's totally safe military acupuncture I want to
just encourage you all to use this term to think about this this is the way to protect
our soldiers treat them with medicine that doesn't cause them to commit suicide military
acupuncture works and cupping works and there's another angle on all of this because rights
of soldiers are being taken away now when they return back to the USA if they've ever
been diagnosed with PTSD when soldiers are now facing any kind of counseling or even
just talking to a doctor in the field soldiers are now refusing to talk about any symptoms
any problems anything at all because they know they're going to be diagnosed with PTSD
and stripped of their rights and I don't blame them if I was a soldier out there I would
keep my lips sealed as well I'd keep my trap shut and would not say that oh I'm you know
whatever they might be feeling out there if they have thoughts of anger whatever they
have or aggression or regret or anything I wouldn't say anything either because they're
going to put that on your record and they're going to use that to take away your rights
your your firearms and who knows what else maybe your first amendment right someday so
we got to treat our soldiers or active duty soldiers and our veterans better in this country
and that means don't drug them up let's use things that actually work like military acupuncture
that's something you probably never heard of but it's it's actually working so let's
hope that continues to gain some steam throughout the military all right check this out freedom
license plate is banned in Washington DC this is out of the examiner Washington the word
freedom is on the list of banned vanity license plates because you can't have somebody driving
around Washington DC with such a such profane obscenity on their car as the word freedom
that's not allowed in the capital of this nation can't have the word freedom you also
cannot have the word Ron Paul it's also banned according to this article so no freedom there
is no freedom in Washington well we already knew that and Ron Paul is banned as a license
plate I think we should give that license plate to Ron Paul like the domain name we
should give Ron Paul Ron Paul.com I mean come on guys what's going on there give him the
freaking domain it's his name give him we should all get together buy Ron Paul a new
pickup truck and put Ron Paul on the license plate how's that he deserves it all right
more bad news about nightmare bacteria from the CDC they are spreading the alarm on this
new bacteria the CRE bacteria it's carpopenum resistant bacteria that is resistant to all
the hardcore antibiotics it's invading our hospitals killing patients and guess what
medicine has no defense whatsoever against this bacteria because they've abused antibiotics
year after year after year creating this situation a lot more straight ahead stay with us this
is the Alex Jones show and we'll be right back after this break with a lot more breaking
news stay with us we're on the march the Empire's on the run Alex Jones and the GCN radio network
it's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria viruses moles and fungus can inflict severe
damage in the human body fortunately a new and vastly improved silver solution has been
developed supernatural silver is a revolutionary broad-spectrum antibacterial antiviral antifungal
solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin supernatural silver
is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silver using a patented technology that is
highly effective against colds flus infections food poisoning and yeast in addition to many
other pathogens supernatural silver is scientifically supported extremely safe and is the number
one choice of thousands of people for immune system support find out how supernatural silver
could change your life go to supernatural silver.com and use the promo code healthy
for 20% off that's supernatural silver.com and like us on Facebook
tyranny is here the grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality it really says that
the state is God the United States is now recognized globally as one of the most impressive
police states on earth this film conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of
FEMA camps now being expanded nationwide this documentary exposes how the continuity of
government program has established an all-powerful shadow state police state four chronicles
the sickening depths to which our republic has fallen prepare to enter the secretive
world of emergency dictatorship body scanners sound cameras citizen spies stage terror and
cameras on every street corner it's only the beginning of the new world order's hellish
plan the police state isn't coming it's here secure your copy today at info wars.com or
see it online in the highest quality at prisonplanet.tv introducing pro one all of your filtration
in one system portable on the go no more do you have two or three filters to just reduce
sodium fluoride you have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydro
fluoro salicic acid advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white
ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals
all in one filter element it is the only one that does it and out of the gates we have
it discounted at 10% off with promo code water this is the only system that in one unit helps
reduce or remove pesticides herbicides chloramines ammonia and chlorine hydro fluoro salicic
acid the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and
sodium hexafluoro silicate get your pro pure with a new pro one filters today at info war
store.com or by calling 888-253-3139 hi i'm janet napolitano secretary of the department
of homeland security homeland security begins with hometown security
it seems apparent that our citizens are staying off the streets which may make scarring particularly
difficult even with this year's rule changes to recap those revisions women are still worth
10 points more than men in all age brackets but teenagers now rack up 40 points and toddlers
under 12 now rate a big 70 points the big score anyone any sex over 75 years old has
been up to 100 points as always how fast you move determines how long you've lived
resistance to tyrants is obedience to god it's alex jones
oh that was a brilliant video that if you're watching on prison planet tv and you saw that
video absolutely brilliant john bound put that together for the death race 2000 little
satire bit there it was showing a first-person shooter game with the uh the targets remember
the targets of women and children even pregnant women that were sold by that company that
got exposed here on on the alex jones show well john bound had put those targets into
the first-person shooter game as if it was really death race 2000 you're getting points
for you know bagging women and children and old men which of course is what that movie
was all about uh just a brilliant piece of graphics i tell you the graphics team here
is amazing and it's not just one person it's like five people here are all graphic geniuses
it's quite amazing so anyway be sure to check that out you can join up and see all the video
of this at prison planet dot tv now joining us for just a few minutes a quick update by
phone live from the scene of where testimony is being given today in maryland is liz right
zig she is of course one of the key leaders on the issue of raw milk freedom she was part
of the raw milk freedom riders and has been engaged in a lot of activism on the side of
food freedom and and milk choice freedom in america i can't even believe we we have to
have this conversation but raw milk is continues to be illegal in most states so liz is joining
us today she's about to give testimony liz welcome to the alex jones show hi mike thanks
so much for having me on it's great to be here oh well thanks for joining us and thanks
for keeping me posted and in the loop on all of this you're about to give testimony i've
got a copy of it in my hands but give us the breakdown of what's going on there and what
are you going to say well basically cow shares which is a valid way for people to obtain
raw milk have been criminalized in maryland for the past seven or eight years and there
is a bill in the legislature this session that would repeal that and reinstate cow shares
in maryland and this is such a great option for people like me who live in the suburbs
i can't get my own cow but i could get a cow and board it at a friend's farm and then get
the milk from that animal so this if this bill goes through this is a great way to revitalize
the maryland rural economies and get raw milk back to maryland consumers from maryland farmers
well that's that's very important liz but i gotta ask you how could maryland have even
outlawed cow shares in the first place doesn't every human being have the right to engage
in a contract you can own a share of a condo you can own a share of a company that's called
buying stock how could they have criminalized owning a share of a cow doesn't make any sense
yeah well what they did is the department of health and mental hygiene they changed
the definition of sale of raw milk so currently before that sales of raw milk were illegal
and they just altered the definition to include cow share arrangements or any animal berry
animal share arrangements to make that illegal as well they just changed the definition of
sale to include those so of course a lot of the farmers who would do cow shares are also
um they also have larger dairies that sell to co-ops and whatnot so the threat of being
shut down and just being destitute financially keeps them from actually engaging in the contractual
arrangements known as cow shares so does i assume there's a lot of support for the repeal
of that you know very bad ill-conceived law i know you're testifying but tell us about
the nature of the support today are there lots of people there to testify with you or
what's going on well there are a tremendous number of people in support but unfortunately
we are getting hit with our only snowstorm of the entire season today so a lot of people
who are planning to be here in person are snowed in and they're submitting their written
testimony to the committee oh wow they'll be heard and it's officially in the record
they just won't be here in person well how appropriate since the entire criminalization
of raw milk is such a snow job to begin with i guess nature is uh unfortunately interfering
with your your ability to repeal that uh when when is an a decision expected based on all
of this testimony well the hearing is today and then usually the committee votes like
anywhere from three days to a couple of weeks after the hearing and then if it gets if it
gets referred out of committee positively like if enough members vote yes in favor of
it then it will go to the whole house here in maryland and then if it gets voted favorably
out of the house it'll cross over to the senate and go through the same process there so it's
still got several steps that need to be used to go through in order for this to become
decriminalized wow so this happened and if not we're just hoping to see a lot of awareness
built around the issue and for more people to look at the issue and start engaging directly
with their local farmers so there are a lot of opportunities for the dairy industry to
still uh intervene and and make sure that this doesn't get repealed right and they will
be here today testifying in opposition as well as the health department so the the dairy
industry just to be clear i mean i don't know what the case is there locally but in other
states i've seen the dairy industry be very very aggressive at trying to monopolize the
market of milk by you know criminalizing raw milk fresh milk and making sure that everybody
has to buy their pasteurized homogenized factory produced product is that how bad is that situation
in maryland oh it's also in maryland in the past about 20 years we've lost over 500 dairies
we're down to only 496 right now which is it's dismal and the predictions from the dairy
industry itself is that we're going to continue to lose dairy farms and they're going to the
ones that are going to survive are going to continue to be subsidized by federal old tax
dollars and their continued recommendation is to keep banning raw milk so here here we
have the solution to the dairy failure problem and they're saying no no no don't do it it's
it's reminiscent of like you know propping up a horse and buggy industry after the car
comes on the market yeah incredible did you mention earlier that the name of the department
there is called the department of health and mental hygiene is that correct that's correct
that's the name of our health department here in mental hygiene what that's right is that
like cleaning your mind of any aberrant thoughts what what what is mental hygiene well i've
heard it uh translated as brainwashing well that's exactly what it is wow the department
of mental hygiene that that should be in the novel 1984 i mean we should retroactively
put that in in the novel the department of mental hygiene cleansing you of all dirty
thoughts such as individual ideas or or fresh milk from a farm oh my god that what a terrible
thing so right and just one of the most important things to take away from this and that what
i'm going to be asking the committee members to take away from this is that currently peaceful
individuals are being criminalized for normal natural peaceful human behavior whether it's
transporting raw milk across state lines or the farmers who want to offer cow shares this
is criminal activity but it's a very peaceful activity and so i'm going to be asking them
to look at it in that context and to stop criminalizing our peaceful lives well and
can you remind them that it's legal in cuba to do this it's it's legal to sell fresh milk
in communist china in north korea you know i mean come on america land of the free you
can't buy and sell fresh milk from a farm and that our country was was raised on raw
milk i mean come on that's right i mean it's completely backwards right now it really is
well apparently liz you have not had enough mental hygiene so you need some more mental
hygiene therapies um give us your website uh so that people can you know stay tuned
in to to your blogs and everything well i'm working with the farm food freedom coalition
currently so it's farmfoodfreedom.org but we don't have updates on this specific legislation
on that site but if you go to realmilk.com they have a section about what's going on
in each state and i'm pretty sure they'll be covering it as well all right realmilk.com
a great way for anybody out there who wants to connect to their local milk sources or
other local food sources it's a great resource for that realmilk.com well liz you're an amazing
activist and a great spokesperson thank you for joining us today and thank you for your
testimony in maryland keep us posted on the outcome okay well thank you so much mike all
right great day you too thank you liz well there goes uh liz right zig farmfoodfreedom.org
wow i mean isn't that amazing an amazing commentary on the state of america today where we can't
even buy and sell raw milk without being raided at gunpoint and going to prison and being
considered a felon i mean it's unbelievable i just i i can't believe that i have to sit
here and talk about that of all the things that we should be talking about i you know
i'd love to be talking about food self-reliance how to grow your own food supply i'd love
to be talking about you know consciousness and the nature of reality but we got to talk
about the criminalization of raw milk it drives me nuts all right let's let's move on to some
other news but real quick guys uh do we have max wrangled in here yet okay all right max
is max is still uh awol at the moment we're see we're going to talk about chavez okay
and venezuela and socialism but we wanted to get max in here to talk about that we may
run out of time because we've got guests coming up for the next hour but you guys just let
me know in fact if he shows up yeah they told me that he's he's sobbing at the very very
sad death of the tyrant chavez and if can you get him some more tissue clean him up
give him some mental hygiene and then we can get him in here how about that when he shows
up just just bring him on in here don't i don't care if you interrupt let's just go
on to some other news yeah the sound effects with it was it like a five-second delay all
right let me just say this about chavez while while we're trying to wrangle in max chavez
is part of this cult of what i call giggling control freaks all right these giggling control
freaks are trying to take over the world they think everything is so funny oh there are
no there are no bullets there are no uh armored vehicles there are no assault rifles they
think it's so funny oh piers morgan why don't you just pop around into alex jones it's so
funny do it in uniform too isn't it hilarious they think everything's so funny to them these
all right enough enough of the giggling control freaks that was uh but that's who's running
the system all right and it's these people that want to run everything every little detail
of your life and chavez was just one of them and he he wasn't the worst you know i admit
you know kim jong-un is probably way worse than chavez it's a spectrum okay you've got
kim jong-un on the far far far extreme radical left and then you've got chavez sort of not
quite as far left but still pretty far left and then you've got you know obama right in
there with the chavez crowd and you know you've got you know china communist china's over
there and then on the on the far the the complete opposite end of the spectrum on the liberty
side you've got like thomas jefferson okay that's the complete opposite but these giggling
control freaks are driving me nuts they just want to run everything in your life and it's
like hi i'm mrs bossy pants i'm mrs bossy pants and i'm here to tell you how to run
your life and what to eat and what to think and what to drink and we're going to engage
in some mental hygiene because i'm mrs bossy pants the department of homeland security
well i guess in that case it would be like the department i'm janet napolitano the department
of homeland security i'm mrs bossy pants and here joining us today is mrs smarty pants
she's the economic advisor for running the fed and so i'm bosses and mrs bossy pants
and we have smarty pants and also here for the public hygiene department we have mrs
poopy pants so we're together we are bossy pants smarty pants and poopy pants we are
the trio of government wisdom and we are here to tell you how to run your life and chavez's
death was such a terrible terrible thing we are sobbing in our beds today for chavez oh
great one why did you leave us okay that's mrs bossy pants making an appearance here
in the alex jones show i'm sure i'll get called by alex about what were you doing man sorry
sorry um we both sometimes segue into weird characters um weird comedy that's just that's
just the nature of the beast all right north korea vows to cancel the korean war ceasefire
north korea says that on march 11th that's just coming up by my account what is that
five days away on march 11th it's going to cancel the the korean war ceasefire agreement
that was originally signed in 1953 so how wonderful will that be with a an insane completely
insane tyrant kim jong-un who has nuclear weapons all right and this guy is testing
more nukes to miniaturize them to put them on intercontinental ballistic missiles icbms
so that he can launch them into high altitude not even orbit but just high altitude above
north america where he can detonate the nuke which will of course cause a massive emp blast
that will fry the entire power grid so if there actually is a threat against america
a military threat i'm not talking about the you know the fictional nonsense war on terror
everything's war on terror if there's a real threat against america it's north korea all
right if there's a real justification for going in and taking out a crazy nuclear armed
tyrant who is threatening america like never before this is it kim jong-un i mean if if
look overall i'm anti-war overall i'm anti-intervention i should say but i'm pro self-defense and
i'm pro national defense this is a case for national defense i mean kim jong-un if he
gets those nukes onto those missiles and he he launches them over you know california
or oregon or washington and sets those off in high altitude man we're gonna have an emp
blast wave your electronics are fried internet's down all these facebook ad addicts are running
around the streets like zombies trying to be i'm not online i'm not online what do i
do where's mrs bossy pants they're gonna freak out and they're and they're gonna be hungry
in about six hours they're gonna try to come after your food i mean it's that's a nightmare
scenario imagine imagine if all the facebook trolls actually came out of their parents
basements all at once and flooding the streets with trolls and who actually have to face
people face to face for the first time in their entire history it would be like what's
that movie bruce willis uh surrogate right remember that we had to come out of there
they were all like they had robots the virtual it wasn't virtual reality they were actually
hardware robots running around the streets and but you would sit in your simulator control
bed at home while your robot your surrogate was out there on the streets interacting with
people and the surrogate was always like super cool you know uh model face perfect hair everything
while the people back at home in their beds were all like these giant sloths and you know
pale diseased you know can hardly muscle atrophy you can't even get out of the bed well that's
what we become in society today so many people are not getting even out and if they have
to get out it's gonna look like a zombie apocalypse even if it's not for real it's gonna look
like it and it's gonna be it's gonna be real chaos so we better we better shut down kim
jong-un is my point before he gets those nukes flying our direction all right stay with us
we'll be right back on the alex jones show a lot more straight ahead and i will get more
serious i promise when we come back nothing is more american than diamond gusset jeans
100 percent american made since 1987 soft and broken in from the start yet more rugged
and durable than any gene you've ever worn have you ever experienced mis-sized jeans
from china well you won't with diamond gusset every pair is crafted to fit exactly the same
and always feel like they were custom made need a 35 37 or 39 waist how about a 31 in
seam we keep all sizes in stock for the fit you need looking for a relaxed fit slim fit
regular fit boot cut or straight leg we got you covered buy the world's best fitting jeans
at gusset.com or call 1-888-8GUSET get free gusset targets for the next time you go to
the shooting range with the purchase of their new ranger gene use code comfort when ordering
to receive free shipping and all gusset orders at gusset.com that's gusset.com to get only
the best all american jeans march into big spring preparedness savings this month at
beefrepair.com going on now emergency essentials and beefrepair.com save you 28 off your favorite
beef and chicken combo entrees save 24 on number 10 cans of freeze-dried raspberries
or save 26 on our freeze-dried strawberry slices with purchase of 12 or more catadine
pocket micro water filters are 27% off try our fruit flavored hydro pack combo water
filtering pouches in march by five ten packs for a 50% discount stock up on wheat with
a year's supply of grains for $70 off only at beefrepair.com and this month power up
with a goal zero sherpa 50 solar-powered recharging kit at $110 off msrp and we'll throw in a
free $50 emergency essentials gift card the march sale ends march 31st at beefrepair.com
for contents and details call emergency essentials at 800-999-1863 or click beefrepair.com the
choice is clear be unprepared or beefrepair.com in an emergency situation would you drink
contaminated water you could if you had the amazing life straw from mypatriotsupply.com
life straw is the most advanced personal water filter available today it filters contaminated
water from almost any source life straw is lightweight and compact perfect for hiking
camping or in an emergency like a flood life straw is easy to clean comes with a one-year
warranty and has been used worldwide since 2005 get the amazing life straw personal water
filter at mypatriotsupply.com plus check out survival seed vault 20 seed varieties for
only $37.95 tatler canning lids long-term storable foods as low as $69.95 and much more
at mypatriotsupply.com enjoy stress-free shipping on all orders over $49 call 866-229-0927
or visit mypatriotsupply.com that's 866-229-0927 mypatriotsupply.com for emergency preparedness
self-reliance and food independence
waging war on corruption alex jones on the gcm radio network
all right we're continuing thank you for joining us this is the alex jones show mike adams
the health ranger filling in for alex today and be sure to check out infowars.com for
the latest breaking news by paul joseph watson my website's naturalnews.com if you want to
check that out and i've got a story on hugo tovez today and the the cancer of socialism
by the way erin dykes just was talking to me during the break and he said that when
he heard the phrase mental hygiene in our interview with liz reitzig that that set off
a red flag in his mind because you know he researches a lot of the of the history of
control of humans and the rockefellers and eugenics and everything else and he said yeah
that that phrase mental hygiene is a keyword of the eugenics movement and that's the name
of the maryland department it is actually called what is it the department of health
and mental hygiene that's the name when liz said that it freaked me out i thought she
misspoke or something but no that's the actual name of the department the department of health
and mental hygiene so by that they probably mean castrating people of low iq to fulfill
their their eugenics little agenda you know that's probably the history there i bet that's
part of the history of that department in maryland i mean i can't say for sure i haven't
done that research yet but i bet that's part of the uh part of the agenda and it's eugenics
and depopulation and aaron dykes of course knows all about that racial hygiene mental
hygiene and also hey don't forget the whole history of psychiatry where a psychiatrist
would do things like if they thought you were mad they would start pulling organs out of
your body in fact there was one psychiatrist in fact he was the president of the american
psychiatric association way back i believe he was his name was dr henry cotton and if
you were crazy he would start pulling your teeth out and he would actually extract teeth
and then he started extracting like nasal tissue from people i mean very painful stuff
until you were cured and if you were still mad after having you know all your teeth pulled
out then he would just start you know yanking more and more tissue until he got to the real
disease you know that's psychiatry for you right there i'm not even making that up that's
real uh just just uh search dr henry cotton just like it sounds cotton if you don't believe
me search that and you'll you know you'll freak out and then of course the entire term
hysterectomy which is of course the surgical procedure of removing a woman's reproductive
organs that whole term means hysteria ectomy means getting out the hysteria and that surgery
was originally pushed as a way to prevent women from being crazy i'm not making this
up this is true history that that is you got to know the entire word hysterectomy means
take the craziness out of the woman and that's what that's that's the history of psychiatry
that's the history of medicine it's insane so i'm not surprised to see the maryland department
of health and mental hygiene being named the department of health and mental hygiene by
the way if you want some real healthy uh health support immune support we've got clean chlorella
now in the infowars store this is the chlorella this is the stuff that i source the cleanest
in the world we did the lab test it's a superfood about one half to two thirds protein loaded
with chlorella and trace minerals clean chlorella it's at infowarsstore.com along with our full
spectrum himalayan salt loaded with healthy trace minerals and our turmeric extract which
is the most potent turmeric extract made from organic turmeric so help support infowars
by finding that at infowarsstore.com all right when we come back we're going to talk about
chavez we're finally going to get into that for real this time i'm not joking around not
anymore we're going to get into chavez's death but unfortunately not the death of his philosophies
and then we're going to have james stewart on the next hour other guests joining us plus
aaron dykes and david knight in the third hour so stay with us we'll be right back
this is gcn the genesis communications radio network
if you want an american company with american products made by americans here is the cow
ben soap company alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years these all
natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth-friendly
and safe see them on the web at fivestarsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog buy
the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what you're
using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs
this is an amazing deal you can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real
soap makes you feel see them on the web at fivestarsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog waging war on corruption alex jones on the gcm radio network
big brother mainstream media government cover-ups you want answers well so does he he's alex
jones on the gcn radio network and now live from austin texas alex jones
welcome to the second hour of the alex jones show on this wednesday march 6 2013 yeah we've
already had an interesting show and it's going to get even more fun this is mike adams filling
in for alex jones today alex has taken the entire week off of the show and uh i guess
he's going to be back monday that's what i'm hearing anyway i spoke to him yesterday and
this morning he's doing great he's uh he's still still working though you know alex never
really totally stops working so he's shooting videos and you know commenting and doing things
uh which i i don't blame him i can't stay away from all the crazy news either you gotta
comment sooner or later but uh the schedule in case you're curious i believe that tomorrow
some of the info warriors here are going to be hosting i think erin dykes is hosting and
maybe uh mcbreen maybe i'm not sure but and then friday i think catherine albrecht is
back on want to thank catherine for hosting the last couple of days i'm not scheduled
to host again until maybe another week so anyway i always enjoy being here and i i thank
you for your support in this great this time of great challenges alex says we are all info
warriors fighting the info war so that we don't have to fight the physical war the real
war of people slinging lead downrange now of course as i talked about in the first hour
the radical left believes that all that's imaginary there are no bullets there are no
guns there are no armored vehicles being purchased by dhs it's all just adds all your imagination
but you and i know that it's actually real and so we want to fight the info war so that
we can prevent the shooting war but we're not going to settle for anything less than
the complete restoration of the bill of rights and the constitution that's the bottom line
and i i know that those words that that i just spoke reflect what many of you feel out
there we are not settling for anything less than the complete restoration of the bill
of rights in the constitution why should we we're americans we were built on resistance
to tyranny you know we're we're just we're not gonna voluntarily go along with another
chavez type of ruination of the economy as he has done in venezuela not not gonna happen
here not in america definitely not in texas definitely not in central texas not gonna
happen all right but let's let me get to some other news real quick uh just go through some
headlines here uh economic collapse the dow hits an all-time high meaning a bubble is
always biggest right before it burst you know why the dow is hitting a new high by the way
because the money is increasingly worthless it's being eroded deteriorated by the continued
quantitative easing infinite quantitative easing from the federal reserve pumping more
money into the money supply making your dollars worth less and less every single day making
the stock market look like it's higher and higher because it's it's the numbers of the
stock market are actually worthless dollars or increasingly worthless dollars it is it
is denominated the dow is denominated in dollars right so there you go attorney general holder
oh we already covered this the president can assassinate americans on u.s soil how comforting
to know that that we have such a such such an incredible defender of of law and due process
sitting at the helm who says yeah we can just kill you anytime we want all right um u.s
plots conquest of venezuela in the wake of chavez's death this is by tony cartalucci
at infowars.com and i'm not sure what the source of this story is but apparently the
u.s uh u.s think tank american enterprise institute that says that it wants to it wants
the u.s administration to have key demands to influence venezuela now in the wake of
chavez no longer being in power there by the way i just want to mention again i don't
know if i gave the the website correctly infowarsstore.com we've got himalayan salt we've got chlorella
and it's clean chlorella now it's not hermetically sealed or anything but it's super clean it's
uh it's packaged right here in texas in a certified organic facility so be sure to check
that out if you want some super foods we've got james stewart coming up right after this
break plus more news straight ahead so stay with us here on the alex jones show we'll
be right back
with
Even if the grid goes down, you are protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit, or shed.
Getsimplysafe.com.
SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no
need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Again, that's GetsimplySafe.com.
I had tried everything.
I'd cut back the amount of food I was eating.
I was lifting weights and jogging, but nothing was working.
My body was literally starving for minerals and trace elements, as well as key vitamins.
And as soon as I had that, I immediately could eat half of what I was eating previously and
be satisfied.
Now, there are hundreds of great products at InfowarsTeam.com, but I want to point out
the three that have helped me lose 37 pounds in just two months.
Products like Beyond Tangy Tangerine, Holland Burst, and Rebound.
When I started taking the Tangy Tangerine and other products every day, I lost more
than 37 pounds in just two months.
Now that's results.
I want to challenge my listeners to go to InfowarsTeam.com and to order just three of
their products.
And you will see the changes in the way you look, feel, and in your appetite almost immediately.
Start your journey to health and wellness today.
InfowarsTeam.com.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health.
At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection of
silver-based products.
Our most popular silver-based products are the 32-ounce nano-silver solutions, our 2-ounce
nano-silver nasal applicators, as well as our all-natural silver soaps.
Just released is our 100% natural silver gel.
Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and
leave the silver at the surface, but rather we have formulated our silver gel using the
natural skin-nourishing chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the
skin, while delivering the silver more effectively.
Visit www.SilverLungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver-based products
are best for you.
That's www.SilverLungs.com.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups.
You want answers?
Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
All right, welcome back to the Alex Jones Show.
This is Mike Adams filling in for Alex today.
Thank you for joining us.
This is the second hour of our three-hour transmission, live from Austin, Texas, on
this Wednesday, March 6th, 2013, the day after Hugo Chavez perished, at least his physical
body did.
We can only guess where his soul is now, but his body has perished, apparently from cancer.
And Venezuela is, of course, in the kind of turmoil right now, and no one's exactly sure
what this means, what's going to happen next.
But here to give us a little bit of perspective on this is Max Cabrera.
He's an employee here at Infowars.
He's from Venezuela.
He doesn't have, you know, he's obviously not there, so he doesn't know, it's not like
I'm right on the street, no.
He's here in Austin, Texas, but at least he can give us some perspective.
So, Max, thank you for joining us today.
Thanks for coming in studio.
Oh, Mike, thank you for the opportunity.
Glad to be here.
Yeah, so give us, what do you know so far?
Well, I have some information.
I have in calling people in Venezuela, and they're telling me, first of all, the streets
are calm.
The army is out there.
They are taking care of the places, the gas stations, grocery stores, because there has
been a lot of panic buyers on the streets.
And also, there has been a little bit of looting in certain areas, but everything's under control
now.
So basically, the country is calm in action, but they are all confused about what's going
to happen.
Right.
Now, the president is the former vice president of Venezuela.
His name is Nicolas Maduro.
He's going to be the president for the next 30 days, and then we will have elections there.
We don't know the candidates yet from opposition or from the Chavez party.
Right.
We're still waiting on that.
But even thinking about that, though, an opposition candidate would have to be a candidate that
would say, well, let's return more to a free market system.
But how do you even propose that when so much of the Venezuelan population is now on the
government payroll getting the free everything?
I mean, that seems unlikely.
Right.
The opposition don't feel like they have a victory because, yes, the communism has been
very well implemented in Venezuela.
A lot of people became dependent on the government.
And now the governors there, they keep pushing it like we have to keep going on this revolution.
They are taking all the ideology from Chavez and pushing it.
So there is nothing safe.
We can't say that, OK, we're out of communism now in Venezuela.
Right.
Right.
Well, and of course, when they talk about they want to continue the revolution, they're
talking about the Chavez revolution, which I guess he tried to begin in the early 1990s,
but then he got into power in, what, 98?
Yes.
And then he's been taking government seizing, private industry taking over the economy.
Also, I saw it was reported that Chavez himself amassed a personal fortune of $2 billion while
his own countrymen were living in extreme poverty.
Well, yeah, he's being related to several weird scenarios that have evidence, but there
have been some cases where he's being related to drug dealing, nothing for sure.
Right.
Well, I guess at this point then, we can't really do much here from America, it seems,
but the people of Venezuela I feel deserve better than Chavez.
That's my feeling.
That's my feeling, too, especially because my family, they used to have businesses that
were taken over.
Some of the businesses were still waiting to get paid for.
And a lot of families, they have been destroyed because of the communist ideology.
And the Venezuela people, they have been separated between the communists and people that doesn't
support it.
Let's see if that changes now.
Hopefully there will be a free market again, and hopefully people will have the opportunity
to, that they used to have previous to Chavez.
Okay.
Well, I want to wish your family safety and blessings to them and all of your countrymen
and women, of course.
I want to see Venezuela become more free.
I suspect you do as well, but whatever happens, will you keep us posted?
Yes, of course.
And if the elections, whenever we have the date for the elections, I will go down there
to Venezuela to vote, and I will bring some video and pictures.
I will talk to the people over there, and I will bring that back to you.
Real quick, do you think, will Venezuelan elections be as corrupt as American elections
are, or will they be more honest?
Actually, I was surprised the way they do the elections, because I went over there and
I actually have some footage of it.
You have to vote.
You do an electronic vote, and then you get a receipt of your vote.
Oh, yeah.
We don't get receipts in America.
You get a receipt, you put it in another box, and then at the end of the day, you're welcome
to come in and they print out what they have electronically, and then they count all the
receipts.
Oh, wow.
Everybody's welcome to see it.
And I was actually there.
Common sense.
It has to match what they have in the boxes, what they have electronically.
And then when it's approved by the people that was there, they send that information.
So it looks like if they are corrupting the elections, they are doing it fantastically,
because it's not cash.
It's not cash.
How amazing is it that Venezuela runs a more, well, a checksum system in the elections,
which is smarter than the way we run them here, which is all just total electronic black
box voter fraud.
And something else is that we do get a president because of the votes of the people.
So if somebody has 100 votes, that's what you're getting, 100 votes.
Yeah.
If you have 1,000, then you get 1,000.
So it's not here like the electoral votes.
Oh, the electoral college.
The electoral college.
Yeah, right.
And also, now Venezuela doesn't have a bill of rights like America does.
It has a constitution, but it doesn't enumerate specific rights in the same way that we have
it here.
Okay.
Correct?
Correct.
So is that a barrier to the people protecting themselves from the march of tyranny?
Well, this really, in Venezuela, we have a problem, which we have a lot of loss, but
they are not being considered.
For example, right now, Nicolas Maduro, the vice president, he shouldn't be the president.
He shouldn't?
He shouldn't.
It should be Diosdado Cabello.
And he just decided this other guy to be the president meanwhile.
So even though we have the constitution and we have rights, they are really not implemented.
At the end of the day, it's kind of a tyranny going on there, and they do whatever they
want.
And last question for you, Max, because I know you've got a lot of work to do here,
but isn't, it's oil.
I mean, oil is the big money maker in Venezuela.
So it really comes down to who controls the oil, doesn't it?
Right.
Yeah, it is like that.
So nobody knows in Venezuela, the prices of the oil, we don't know if they're gonna go
up.
I can tell you right now, Venezuela is in a phase where they don't know what's happening.
They don't know what's coming next, if it is something better or worse.
Yesterday, as soon as the news was given, I tried calling my family, they called, couldn't
get in.
I mean, people got excited, people went out to the streets to buy water, food.
People don't-
I don't blame them.
Yeah, they don't know what's going on.
Well, and I think, by the way, Chavez, he only died at age 58, I believe, right?
Right.
Very young.
Very young, yes.
And he probably didn't know that there are natural cures for cancer, many of them.
Yeah, I think it's sad that he went to Cuba to get treatment.
We have great doctors in Venezuela, and actually, I will say, we have a better medical industry
in Venezuela than there is in Cuba.
So I'm shocked that he went over there.
I think that's like an slap in the face for the doctors in Venezuela.
Yeah, it is, really.
And maybe he wasn't scared of all the doctors there.
So I mean, it is shocking how he just left the country to get the treatment there.
But probably he didn't know about natural ways to do it.
Well, only the really high level elite know about the cures for cancer, because the global
elite, like the top 1,000 controllers of the world, they have easy access to all these
cures.
Right.
But they don't want the public to know about them.
Well, thank you, Max, for the update on Venezuela and Hugo Chavez no longer being with us.
I have to say he was a great leader.
Seriously, he knew how to talk to people.
He knew how to relate to people.
Well, I mean, Obama, I mean, Hitler was a great orator, you know?
Yes, I'm not saying he was doing something right or wrong, I'm just saying he was a great
leader.
Right.
Right now there are thousands and thousands of people on the streets supporting him.
They want to see his body.
So he was really a great leader in South America and around the world.
Too bad his ideology wasn't the most appropriate for the country.
Well, you know, I used to live in South America, not Venezuela, but I noticed that the cultures
there do tend to side towards socialism and communism.
Right.
That just seems to be part of the cultural reflection down there.
But I do believe that the people of Venezuela deserve much better than Chavez, and I would
like to see that nation become a nation of liberty and individual freedom.
I would like that too.
Well, thank you, Max.
Thank you very much.
All right.
Thank you very much, everybody here in studio at Infowars.com with a little bit of first
hand knowledge of what's going on in Venezuela.
Now continuing, by the way, we've got James Stewart on the line.
Is he?
We actually have him by Skype, guys.
Is he on the line?
Okay, great, great.
Because we sort of delayed James Stewart because of this, of Max coming in with the breaking
news on Chavez.
So let me just say this.
There's another story on Infowars.com, Russian leader demands the investigation of Chavez's
death and they're trying to blame his death on America.
Yeah, they're saying America gave him cancer, which actually, if you think about it, America
gives Americans cancer.
So it's really not that far fetched.
Maybe Chavez came to America, drank some diet soda, ate a bunch of aspartame, got some GMOs,
took some vaccines, and yeah, he died of cancer, just like half the American population because
of all this toxic food and medicine in this country.
So maybe they're right.
Maybe America did give the guy cancer, who knows?
All right, let's transition.
We've got an incredible story here.
Many of you know James Stewart.
He's known as the California raw milk man, but this story today is not about raw milk.
This is about one man overcoming state tyranny.
The state of California tried to destroy this man.
They threw him in jail.
I mean, they practically tortured him in prison there.
I'm not going to go into details, but they mistreated him like you can't even believe
and they brought him up on multiple felony charges.
They tagged him in the jail system as a dangerous prisoner.
They tried to crush him and he has come back with an entrepreneurial victory that will
make you cheer, and he'll be joining us straight ahead right here on the Alex Jones Show.
It's James Stewart joining us by Skype, so stay with us and we'll be right back with
that interview and much more straight ahead.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms, but if you don't have a home security
system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe.
It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit, or shed.
Getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no
need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, moles, and fungus can inflict severe
damage in the human body.
Fortunately, a new and vastly improved silver solution has been developed.
Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary, broad-spectrum, antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal solution
that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin.
Supernatural Silver is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers, using a patented
technology that is highly effective against colds, flus, infections, food poisoning, and
yeast, in addition to many other pathogens.
Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe, and is the number one choice
of thousands of people for immune system support.
Find out how Supernatural Silver could change your life.
Go to supernaturalsilver.com and use the promo code healthy for 20% off.
That's supernaturalsilver.com and like us on Facebook.
Stop the pain from broken, chipped, and damaged nails with a revolutionary new nail hardener.
Nails of Steel.
Apply just one drop of Nails of Steel over natural or polished nails and go.
With Nails of Steel, there's virtually no drying time and it's guaranteed.
Order this all-natural, antifungal, and herbal formula for women and men at NailsofSteel.com.
That's NailsofSteel.com.
Nails of Steel.
It's like a salon in a bottle.
Hi, this is Ted Anderson.
Have you ever wondered why banks, stock workers, investment advisors want to talk about gold
IRAs?
They've been available since 1986, yet the financial industry won't recognize the value
of gold for your retirement.
Gold is outperformed paper investments, yet no word about IRAs.
If you would like to have gold for your retirement, call 800-686-2237.
Don't get left behind by rising inflation and low returns, call 800-686-2237.
Secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237.
Financial unrest, food shortages, political turmoil, EMPs, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes,
fires, riots, flooding.
It's not a matter of if, but when.
What if it happened right now?
Would you have the supplies to survive off the grid?
Offthegrid.com is the place to go for the widest selection of survival supplies at rock-bottom
prices.
Head over to offthegrid.com for survival kits, first aid supplies, dried food, water filters
and purifiers, gas masks, solar and crank radios, solar generators, ammo, knives, stun
guns, pepper sprays, hacks and bags, fire starters, a library of books, and a whole
lot more.
Get free same-day shipping on all orders over $75.
Enter promo code radio at checkout and receive an additional 5% discount off our already
lowest in the industry prices.
Offthegrid.com, proud to stand shoulder to shoulder with you as we protect our Constitution
against all enemies, foreign and domestic.
All right, for this segment and into the next, we're going to be joined by California raw
milkman James Stewart with his story of overcoming an attempted crushing of his liberties and
freedoms by the state, not just the state of California, but the federal government
had a hand in the raw milk raids against him, but again, he's got a story of coming back
from that.
And James, thank you for joining us today on the Alex Jones Show.
You're welcome, Mike.
Thank you.
It's great to have you on.
Sorry about the delay there, but Hugo Chavez dying was definitely some breaking news we
needed to cover there.
Well, I was actually listening to that and I think just one choice of words in there
should have been changed and when he called him a great leader, I think great sort of
a connotates the idea of good.
I think he should have used the word powerful leader, right?
That's right.
Yeah.
I don't, I don't think that max, you know, worships a Chavez or anything.
I think he was saying that he was an effective manipulator of the masses, exactly.
Basically.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, well said.
Thanks for helping us clarify that.
So James, you've got an amazing story here laid out for us, but, but just quickly first
give us a very quick background of what happened to you.
For those who may not be familiar with your story and then we'll go into how you've overcome
that.
Well, you know, for 15 years we we when I say we, the community that was was called
Rossum you know, continued to grow and until the community was over a thousand people approximately
of people that wanted to find the highest quality foods and that was always a influx
as well.
We were looking for higher quality foods, but we were continually being attacked 2005,
2010 and then finally closed in 2011 with my arrest.
And you know, it, it turned out to I thought that it would all end pretty quickly and it
did not at all.
And it just kept on going.
The, the case in LA was postponed and then continued.
And then, then we, then I, myself and a lady named Sharon Palmer were arrested while standing
in court on March the 2nd of last year for more felonies for the farm being purchased
in Santa, Santa Paula.
Of course, I and the club had very little to do with the investment in the farm if anything
and that was handled by other people.
And so, you know, I ended up going to jail actually on my birthday of this last year.
I was in jail for five, almost four and a half to five months and then was transferred
to LA.
And by the way, when I was arrested for the, the charges for in March the 2nd of last year,
I was actually taken first to Twin Towers, downtown LA, which is where they took me,
singled me out of line out of hundreds and hundreds of, I would consider real criminals,
you know, the people that were the thieves and the drug addicts and the murderers and
the whatever, singled out by two guards taken into an office and accused of being and asked
me if I were a sovereign.
And I said, I don't know what you mean by that.
And anyway, the long story was short is that they labeled me that and tortured me at that
point by shackling me hand and foot and shackled me to a bench, put me in a holding tank for
about five or six hours in a tank that probably was, nobody was in there, cold about 50 degrees
with a t-shirt on.
And then finally, four days later, transferred to Ventura.
Well, when I was transferred back after I left jail in Ventura and they scanned my wrist
band that I had on there, the guy backed up from his desk and said, you've attacked guards?
And I said, excuse me?
And the man said, oh no, shackle this man.
So obviously the status that now exists for me in the Los Angeles jail system is one as
of a sovereign, which means that I'm a threat to everybody and I'm a terrorist.
So yeah, this is incredible because your crime is distributing milk, unpasteurized milk.
So they label you in the jail system as a sovereign.
They have you wear a special armband, just like Hitler made the Jews back in Nazi time.
They treated you worse than a terrorist.
It's an incredible story.
I don't want to dwell on that, but I'm glad you provided that background so people know
why this story is important.
And by the way, you are correct, the wristbands they put on you are different colors depending
on your supposed status.
That's incredible.
But despite this, I mean, their goal, I mean, you're a man in your mid-60s and you're not
a young man.
Most of those people were young and better able to handle that, but they subjected you
to hypothermia, a type of torture, but yet you've been able to overcome this.
Now we're going to break in one minute and I want you to tell the complete story now
of what you're doing now to rise out of this attempt to crush your freedoms and crush your
life.
I want to do that when we come out.
But in the one minute we have left, give us an update.
Are you still facing charges in one county or is that resolved?
No, still facing charges in one county and we're not sure where that's going to go, but
it's daunting.
I mean, at one point I had three criminal cases and three civil cases that I was dealing
with all at the same time.
Incredible.
And they confiscated all your food, all your cash, threw you in jail, destroyed the food.
It's just incredible.
And destroyed the club.
Destroyed the club.
Yeah, it's shut down.
It's gone.
It's gone.
Sounds like something Hugo Chavez would have done in Venezuela, actually.
Anyway, stay with us, folks.
We'll be right back with James Stewart and his success story of overcoming tyranny on
the Alex Jones Show.
We're on the march.
The empire's on the run.
Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day.
If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better.
You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared.
For years we've told you about our friends at eFoods Direct.
They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food on the planet.
This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight.
A long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing
you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from eFoods Direct.
Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping
on all food supplies.
Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared.
Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus can inflict severe
damage in the human body.
Fortunately, a new and vastly improved silver solution has been developed.
Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary, broad spectrum, antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal
solution that can be used inside the body as well as on the skin.
Supernatural Silver is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic silvers using a patented
technology that is highly effective against colds, flus, infections, food poisoning and
yeast, in addition to many other pathogens.
Supernatural Silver is scientifically supported, extremely safe and is the number one choice
of thousands of people for immune system support.
Find out how Supernatural Silver could change your life.
Go to SupernaturalSilver.com and use the promo code Healthy for 20% off.
That's SupernaturalSilver.com and like us on Facebook.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal-Bend
Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning
needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Alright, continuing with our interview with James Stewart and his achievement, his victory
over attempted oppression.
The state tried to crush his freedoms, tried to throw him in jail for the crime of selling
raw milk in America.
America is not even illegal in Cuba, in China, in North Korea or you know Peru or anywhere
else it seems like but in America it is a crime for most places.
So anyway, James go ahead now tell us what you're doing now as a you know a victory against
their attempt to crush your life.
Okay, well the one thing I wanted to share with people for 30 seconds is the reason why
they have done this sovereign thing is because people actually believe like Judge Napolitano,
you see him on TV all the time, you know the Constitution still exists.
Their justification and answer to my question is why was well people have been murdering
other people and killing other people and calling them sovereigns, they're shooting
police officers and what so how do we know that's not you?
That was their answer, I asked them a question, that was their answer.
Well you know according to the Constitution we're all sovereign individuals, are we not?
And their answer is so everybody's aware of that is now if you actually believe in the
Constitution pretty much you're already labeled as a sovereign which means that you're already
a terrorist.
Well did you hear in the first hour we covered all these bullets being purchased by the government,
the assault rifles, the armored vehicles, it's all imaginary we're told.
Yes, yeah I heard that and I'm fully aware of all that as well.
But you know to get back to your question is one of the products that we had on the
shelf at the club was a one of the most amazing products that I ever came across and it was
an olive oil out of the country of Spain in which the trees themselves are anywhere from
three to eight hundred almost a thousand years old, I was amazed and the story about this
oil is the man that resurrected all this also resurrected two mills which had been idled
for you know for twenty, thirty, forty years and never changed the inside of the mills
so they're produced the same way that olive oil has been produced for thousands of years
which is just big granite stones crushing it and then some pressure to push out the
oil and whatnot then it's only bottled upon request so our first shipment will be arriving
in about thirty days and you know people came in and purchased it at Rossum and would come
back saying oh my god that's the best, that's the best oil I've ever tasted you know and
the person who runs the company, his name is Antonio Ray Sol is a former organic beekeeper
so the man understands you know sustainability, he understands non-GMO, he understands organic
you know so it's a pleasure to work with somebody who's still out there wanting to do the right
thing.
See so that's what I love about this story is so you're working with this olive orchard
out of Spain that's eight hundred years old.
Well the trees themselves are eight hundred years old, I don't know if the property has
changed hands how many times but you know the trees themselves and you see these trees
they're just magnificent and by the way I'm not sure that the people involved with me
want to give out the website yet because it will be inundated most likely when that happens
so I think we might have to wait about another week or so before we do that.
It's no big deal I'll do a story about your website when the time comes this here today
is more about you how you are achieving an entrepreneurial victory and creating business
and creating prosperity when they tried to crush you I mean the state of California would
rather you rot in prison but instead you are creating opportunities and health for people
that's amazing.
Mike I never give up I'll be 66 in July but no you're right and by the way I have no desire
to collect unemployment or be entitled that the handouts and whatnot I've never functioned
that way and so it took and I actually said when I was in jail that that was what I was
planning to do this whole thought of mine to do this and become the exclusive distributor
for this incredible product was actually launched last year before I was even put in jail and
luckily the owner of the company decided he'd wait for me.
What a great guy.
Well what do you see as given the experience of what happened to you because I can imagine
when you were a child let's say and growing up and going to elementary school and they
were teaching you American history and you were doing the Pledge of Allegiance to the
flag you never could have imagined I would say that you would be thrown in jail over
milk.
I never imagined I'd be thrown in jail for helping to provide high quality foods to people
in a private membership club no the thought of that now to me is incredulous in its insanity
but that's exactly what has happened.
Do you and I mean you felt it personally are you concerned about the direction of this
country or I mean where do you think this is all going?
Very concerned you know you and I talk about this and you report on this all the time about
what's going on with the quality of the food sources around the country and around the
world and you know I see what's going on not only with what happened to us but what's
happening to farmers of all different kinds whether it's produce, pigs or milk or whatnot
it's getting crazier every day and you hear stories even more and more all the time where
they're basically trying to squash anybody that wants to get involved in I guess high
quality you know food.
Right well we heard from Liz Reitzig earlier that the number of dairies small private dairies
or you know commercial dairies in Maryland has been reduced by 50%.
We saw what the pigs in Michigan the farmers were ordered to shoot their own pigs to kill
them because of that crazy law that just went into effect there.
We've seen front yard gardens attacked in Michigan, in Oklahoma, in Florida, we've got
the raw milk raids on you, the morning land dairy in Missouri and many others I mean these
keep adding up James.
No they're now into the hundreds I'm guessing and it just seems like it's going to get worse
rather than better and I just think that everybody needs to be more and more aware of what's
really going on on the food source issue of think codes, regulations, laws are all being
written and forced upon people and then you can't even even when you're supposedly doing
it correctly they still come after you I mean my favorite story is the farm to fork in Nevada.
Oh that's where they raided that that outdoor picnic type of thing?
It was 16 or you know a dozen or so farmers all meeting on each other's private property
bartering each other I'll give you eggs if you give me produce or your chicken or whatnot
and they were contacted by the county and the state of Nevada saying that they needed
a permit to do it and then when she got the permit they came in basically after she had
given them authority to control her they came and poured bleach over everything and destroyed
the entire community.
Well that's the pattern that we see here it is the destruction of food and this fits the
pattern from the top from the White House the destruction of the economy, the destruction
of jobs, the destruction of liberties Eric Holder just said yesterday this is a letter
to Senator Rand Paul that yes the president can order the assassination of American citizens
on US soil that's the Attorney General saying that and it's that's blatantly illegal.
I saw that with with Judge Napolitano being interviewed this morning.
I like that guy.
Yeah I really like it well why do you think they took his show Freedom Watch off the air?
Well of course yeah I can't have too much freedom did you see you can't even have a
freedom license plate in Washington DC that's been banned.
You can't.
No I didn't know that.
No you can't drive around Washington with the word freedom on your car it's illegal.
Oh my god it's just getting so insane.
Yeah it is insane well we're about out of time here James but do you I know you don't
want to give out that your your olive oil website yet but do you have another website
about.
You'll be helping out with that anyway but.
Yeah we'll get it out for you but you have a blog website or something where people can
follow you and what you're doing?
Yeah I might as well give it out it's under the name Oliflish and Flish is the town in
Spain where the olive oil is produced and that is pronounced or spelled F-L-I-X as an
x-ray and so it's O-L-I-F-L-I-X-N-A.
As in North America.
Got it.
Northamerica.com.
Alright that's a tricky domain name.
And our website is up and running but we're not completely prepared yet but I think we
will be in the next seven days.
Yeah this is kind of a pre-launch situation but really I just thank you for joining us
I'm just glad that you have refused to lie down you've refused to become part of the
system that was trying to crush you and you were standing out with American innovation
and entrepreneurial ideas and that's what made America great.
And I will be until the day I'm not here anymore Mike.
Good for you man.
Well good to have you on today.
Mike thank you.
Alright thank you James.
That was James Stewart everybody the now resurging reborn in a new entrepreneurial context California
raw milk man going to be dealing with olive oil now from hundreds of years old trees in
Spain that's it's just it's just it's an amazing story I like to have these stories of success
against the system you know and actually if you think about it info wars is another story
of success against the system.
They tried to buy out essentially Alex Jones and put him on the networks they tried to
say here take this money will make you famous and he said no he said I'm going to build
it myself I'm going to I'm going to you know wherever it leads me I'm going to do it myself
and he did and that's why info wars is here today.
So Dr. Len Saputo joins us now for the next segment he's on the phone with us Dr. Saputo
welcome to the Alex Jones show.
Thank you good to be here.
Thanks for being on it's great to have you joining us now for our listeners who may not
be familiar with you you are of course a doctor with a lot of alternative and holistic medical
knowledge and integration therapies lots of experience in that realm but I wanted to talk
to you today about two things in particular Dr. Saputo and that is GMOs and vaccine damage
to children.
Which one do you want to start with?
Either one doesn't matter.
Alright well let's start with the vaccines because there's news that just came out today
that vaccines increase the risk of narcolepsy in children by an astonishing amount we've
also had recent admissions by the scientific community that flu shots given to pregnant
women cause a massive increase in spontaneous abortions so we know that the vaccines are
killing babies and when they're not killed they're often damaged what are your thoughts
on the subject Dr. Saputo?
Well we know that the whole flu shot industry is a scam there is very little data that shows
that first of all the shot even works in fact there's some data suggesting that it actually
increases the risks that we have for getting influenza it has not been tested for its safety
adequately when you talk to people like Tom Jefferson who is from the Cochrane group who
is a very prestigious group he says that the only thing that we really need to do if we're
going to solve this problem is go ahead and take one group of people who has had the vaccine
and see how they do over a year whether or not it works or it doesn't work and what kind
of side effects and complications there are and take another group and don't give them
the vaccine and see what happens and of course that is a simple inexpensive very effective
way of testing vaccines but nobody wants to do that.
Yeah they refuse to do that test they don't because they're horrified of the data that
will come out of that.
Well I think that's true and you're talking about an industry that's got a tremendous
amount of income you're looking at hundreds of billions of dollars every year that is
that comes in that way so it's not like it's a small amount of money and the conflicts
of interest that exist between the CDC the FDA and the pharmaceutical industry are glaring
it's like a revolving door between the CDC and the pharmaceutical industry and look what
happened to Julie Gerberding who was the chief of the CDC before Obama came into office when
her term was up she's employed by who?
Merck Vaccines.
Yeah right leading the global vaccine division I believe.
Oh right and some of the things they came out with with this vaccine is just atrocious
I mean the data behind it is terrible I wrote an article called the Infection Deception
that's a free article it was published in the Townsend letter if people want to go to
my website at drsaputo.com it's free and on the home page.
Is your website is it drsaputo or spelled out drsaputo?
Either way it's d-r-s-a-p-u-t-o will get you there.
Okay you're a smart man cover every every combination.
Well what about this I mean they could make clean vaccines if they wanted to they could
make single shot vaccines that have no mercury no MSG no formaldehyde they could do that
but it seems to me when this is my next question for you do they is it is it such a deep conspiracy
that they're actually intentionally using vaccines as a a way in which to damage babies
on purpose.
Well you know you have to think that when you look at what's happened that something
like that is happening you wouldn't think anybody would be vindictive enough to do that
haha yeah check human history man that's what they're doing yeah and so I mean you have
to make the assumption that somebody doesn't care about our children and they're trying
or they do care about them enough that they want to make them sick because that's what's
happening.
Well or that they care about profit more than the than lives because if you if you brain
damage a child or you damage their immune system with an early vaccine you actually
generate recurring profits in the pharmaceutical industry for decades.
Well that's right so it's it's a business investment the vaccine is a business investment
in a damaged life well what you're looking at is a whole system in this country where
money talks and where service is if it's there that's fine but if it's not they don't really
care I mean look at the Vioxx story I mean when the pharmaceutical industry put that
drug out in 1994 they knew that that was going to kill people with heart attacks and strokes
yeah when the drug came out in 1999 they didn't do anything to mention that to the FDA that
we know about yet in 2004 when the finally the FDA was forced to take it off the market
because there were about 50,000 deaths from heart attacks and strokes I mean there was
no no punishment it was a murder.
Well no I believe it wasn't a Dr. David Graham the chief FDA scientist who even testified
to that fact exactly and for several other drugs as well.
So I mean just that one drug Vioxx if you really look at the numbers the one drug according
to FDA science scientist testimony killed more Americans than the entire Vietnam War.
Oh listen you're talking about a pittance of deaths when you look in big pharma I mean
there are what 10,000 deaths not even that from the whole war that was in Iraq and now
in Afghanistan and we lose 400,000 people a year and this is documented okay from pharmaceutical
drugs and side effects and complications and things that happen you know even that are
expected.
Well that's why it's so astonishing to me that the mainstream media will play up things
like Sandy Hook and the shooting of several dozen children which is absolutely tragic
and those lives should not be lost but then you've got an industry that's killing orders
of magnitude more children you know every day and through vaccines and chemotherapy
drugs are now given to pregnant women which causes spontaneous abortions you know the
flu shots are given to pregnant women it's insane.
Well there's no question that the system is insane and that's what happens when you have
a level of consciousness which we have in this country which is about me my mind and
my stuff it's not about community it's not about trying to build community it's not about
taking care of your neighbor it's not working together and until we increase our level of
consciousness to a different level we'll never solve these problems that we're facing so
being outraged isn't sufficient you have to evolve into that place where you want to be
the change you want to see.
Well let's talk about that change because first give us well we're about to go to break
but when we come back from break I want you to give us what can people do instead of taking
a flu shot.
There you go.
What works better?
A lot.
Yeah a lot better because like you I haven't taken a shot in more than a decade I can't
even remember the last time I had a vaccine and health has only improved since then hardly
ever get sick I just rely on.
If you're listening you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day if you're listening
you know the economy is not getting better you know gas and food prices are skyrocketing
now is the time to get prepared for years we've told you about our friends at e Foods
Direct they have the best tasting long-term storable food on the planet this food will
taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight a long-term food supply allows
you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most be prepared
and get your supply from e Foods Direct right now is the best time to stock up and save
hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies give yourself peace of mind
and be prepared act now and call eight hundred four zero nine five six three three or visit
e Foods Direct dot com slash Alex get free shipping on all orders for a limited time
call eight hundred four zero nine five six three three or go to e Foods Direct dot com
slash Alex you can bet your life on e Foods Direct hey everybody Ty Bollinger here once
again real life real stories and he discovered Carnivora was so thrilled with the product
that he shared it with his family and his friends and his patients my dad was a family
physician he was a medical doctor almost all the symptoms were either diminished or gone
amazing product amazing results like an amazing thing having such a profound change how I
feel and knowing that it was the Carnivora that did it and a lot of patients got better
ranging from immune dysfunction to allergies and infection here's the toll free telephone
number to call to access the Carnivora telecast at Carnivora dot com on Tuesday March twelfth
eight p.m. eastern time call one eight eight eight six nine four nine six six six that's
one eight eight eight six nine four nine six six six once again one eight eight eight six
nine four nine six six six visit c-a-r-n-i-v-o-r-a.com or call one eight six six venus fly to order
now hey there my name is Frank Bates do you know the number one most valuable item in
a crisis some people think the answer is gold others think it's a gun but the correct answer
will shock you I just created a free video at crisis one two three dot com that reveals
a surprising item that is more valuable than gold in a crisis ninety seven percent of Americans
don't have this one critical item in fact they haven't even given it a thought and the
sad truth is that you may not survive without it when a real crisis hits and a starving
mob is right outside your door but I have to tell you could literally make the difference
between life and death for you and your family watch my video at crisis one two three dot
com to discover the number one most valuable item in a crisis you'll be shocked see the
controversial video that thousands of other smart patriots have already seen in the last
three months go watch my video now at crisis one two three dot com before they force me
to shut it down again that's crisis one two three dot com before you slip into unconsciousness
I'd like to have another kiss another flash alright welcome back this is the Alex Jones
Show we're joined by Dr. Len Saputo right now we're talking about vaccine damaged babies
and how the system seems to be actually intentionally trying to poison children and pregnant mothers
with the vaccines because they could if they chose make so-called clean vaccines which
don't have the toxic metals and chemicals that are known to cause neurological damage
and basically brain lobotomies so Dr. Saputo we before the break we said we're gonna talk
about some solutions what works better than the flu shot oh just about everything we don't
even know the flu shot works we have no data no data that shows that the flu shot works
for kids or really anybody else okay that's a powerful statement to make but it's true
our lifestyle is the most important thing vitamin D in particular get out and get some
sun when our vitamin D levels go down our immune system goes down and when it goes down
you're vulnerable to all kinds of things going wrong not just virus infections like the flu
but also cancers and and all other and many of the diseases we need vitamin C in that
setting as well our diet is crucial but real quick back on vitamin D though a lot of people
think they can just go out and buy a supplement that's like 400 I use they just take one of
those every couple of days and they're covered why is that not enough well it's totally inadequate
I mean our body needs four or five thousand I use a day yeah that's the standard amount
and it needs to be taken with food or taken in a liquid that's sublingual or some other
way that it gets into the body otherwise it doesn't absorb well and we have an epidemic
of vitamin D deficiency that's enormous at this time most people are low in vitamin D
levels and as I said immunity goes south of that time yeah it's like 95% of the population
is deficient exactly particularly in the winter time where we don't get the UVB rays which
are only present by the way in the rest the rest of the season is between 10 and 2 in
the daytime because there's no UVB there and isn't this also just one more symptom of what
we might call indoor disease living indoors working indoors never getting outside you're
going to be deficient the human body was made to be outside and and we do we live in an
asphalt jungle basically that where we just don't get sun and it doesn't go through blast
by the way so you can't get it through the window you got to be out in the sun with your
skin exposed but then the system tells us that the sun is bad that the sun is evil listen
without too much of anything's no good okay well right I mean you don't want to fry yourself
obviously but that's right and it's when you get excessive burning of the skin that you
get into problems with the cancer but otherwise vitamin D prevents cancer we know a lot of
data on that well but it's also you're more likely to get sunburned if you're deficient
in other antioxidants there you go sure you've got to eat a healthy diet right people don't
realize that you need your fruits and vegetables and all those antioxidants are in there absolutely
diet's huge sleeps another thing if you don't get enough sleep your immune system goes south
miss just four or five hours one night and your natural killer cells which fight against
cancer and viral infections goes down 30 percent and the same thing with exercise too much
no good not enough no good got it exercise on those days for about an hour and then we're
exposed to all these toxic things in the environment that cause a tremendous suppression of our
immune system and the rest of our body we got about a minute less left Dr. Saputo so
to summarize things that work better than flu shot what would you say list okay vitamin
D sunshine get your diet where you're eating fruits and vegetables and the healthy things
you need exercise sleep stress reduction avoidance of toxic exposures and then there are things
like beta glucans and echinacea vitamin A the mushrooms the maitake and shiitake mushrooms
selenium and zinc herbs such as olive extract and garlic the homeopathic remedies all these
things are fantastic and way better than a flu shot yeah the people that need the flu
shot are people that don't have a good immune system they're the last ones that will respond
to the flu well and they're also the most likely to be damaged by it if your immune
system is already weak and you get a flu shot that's when you're lobotomized because you
don't have any defenses against the toxic ingredients we got it backwards we can dr
saputo.com you are listening to gcn visit gcnlive.com today alex jones here with a message
to fellow freedom lovers the prognosis for the entire planetary economic system runs
from bad to worse the globalist model is to shut down societies and starve patriots out
until they acquiesce to the global takeover that's why we've assembled the most vital
and important preparedness items at infowarshop.com these are items that i did research on that
i personally use you've got the life straw so you can turn fetid water into safe water
anywhere you go the ktor hand crank generator to charge up key equipment during power outages
are out in the field strategic relocation third edition by joel scowzen when disaster
strikes by matthew stein ferro safe used by homeland security to protect yourself during
any radiological event hand crank shortwave amfm radios everything that we've researched
and found to be the best is available at infowarshop.com and your purchase makes our info war possible
we're getting prepared are you infowarshop.com waging war on corruption alex jones on the
gcn radio network big brother mainstream media government cover-ups you want answers well
so does he he's alex jones on the gcn radio network and now live from austin texas alex
jones all right we're into hour number three this is the alex jones show yeah you're in
the right place and alex will be back on monday until then it's uh well it's the info wars
crew going to be filling in tomorrow then we've got catherine albrecht covering on
friday i'm not sure when i'll be back but uh you know whenever whenever alex wants me
i'll come back in and cover the news for you with hopefully a little bit of comedy and
satire uh thrown in there just you know just for some variety can't all be bad news right
we gotta we gotta have a little bit of fun with it dr saputo would you agree with that
we gotta find ways to laugh to keep our immune system healthy absolutely laughter is the
best medicine just ask norman cousins the anatomy of an illness our attitude has a huge
effect on our biochemistry and physiology and if we're laughing we got that inner smile
it's going to be healthier yeah absolutely and even even if the the news from the real
world it seems negative and gets you down you still you can still have fun with it like
we made fun of the tsa that was really funny you could find ways to make fun of things
yeah well laughter is a very good medicine maybe they'll ban laughter then because they'll
call it you know it's it's it's an illegal drug the fda says when you laugh your brain
produces drugs does it not yes absolutely you're a funny guy it's but it's true your
brain if you think about it your brain is a pharmaceutical factory i think on just any
given day you're probably generating about fifty thousand dollars worth of free drugs
in your own head oh way more than that if we had the drugs that we generate in our body
we're worth trillions yeah trillions well maybe that's how we can pay off the national
debt is to turn over our brain drugs we can show up at brain drug donation centers and
the u.s can export uh serotonin or something to some other country yeah well they're only
a few thousand neurotransmitters and we we know about six or eight of them think we got
the cat's meow there we're so far off base with our antidepressants and anti-anxiety
drugs it's a joke smile goes a long way can you imagine them plugging us all in like it's
a scene out of the matrix where they have like tubes coming out of your head yeah we're
harvesting brain drugs from big pharma to research more cures do your part show up and
get a brain plug today and have a little like green ribbon that you wear to show yeah i'm
a brain donor i think i'll take the blue pill thank you all right well i promise to be more
serious so um now i want to give a chance to talk about your new book also what give
us the title and where people can find that because it's great it's called a return to
healing it's about radical health care reform in the future of medicine it's on my website
that's the best price at dr sabuto.com but you can get it on amazon as well and it really
looks at all the things that were that you guys talk about all the time in health care
that are big problems it looks at the flaws in medical education uh in the big pharmaceutical
industry uh the world health organization uh systems that have to do with our training
that's a problem the medical research industry so it's looking at all the aspects of health
care that we need to do a lot of reform on true reform we start looking at lifestyle
as our as our big approach to healing what do you think about this news a miracle drug
for multiple sclerosis has been pirated from the cordyceps mushroom and turned into a drug
that's now being sold for 48 000 per year per patient listen i think that's great business
they're gonna make a lot of money on that deal first of all just hype it up as to be
something it's not probably yeah and then sell it for a lot of money so people want
it then go to the government and see if you can work out some kind of relationship so
that we can get this thing paid for by medicare and insurance companies right man what a deal
yeah well they're they're making money hand over fist with that when all people really
need to do is eat the mushroom well you may need a truckload that's the worst thing yeah
well it's cordyceps it's got other benefits but isn't this amazing the biopiracy by big
pharma it's out of control well it's of course it's out of control that's why we have direct
to consumer ads is to take it further out of control convince america right you know
the direct to consumer ads but listen to the words you'll go crazy thinking this is stupid
well good to have you on dr saputo you're a great guest a great conversation with you
so everybody visit dr saputo.com s-a-p-u-t-o dr saputo.com we'll be right back with david
knight straight ahead.
Get simply safe is independent and off the grid it runs on battery power so even if the
grid goes down you are protected it's completely customizable so you can use it in your home
business boat trailer storage unit or shed get simply safe.com simply safe is also ridiculously
easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes so there's no need to let a stranger into
your home if you move or need to relocate you can take the system with you wherever
you go you aren't always at home but simply safe will stand guard protecting your property
24 hours a day seven days a week again that's get simply safe.com introducing pro wine all
of your filtration in one system portable on the go no more do you have two or three
filters to just reduce sodium fluoride you have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride
and up to 95 percent of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element it is the only one that does
it and out of the gates we have it discounted at 10 off with promo code water this is the
only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides herbicides chloramines
ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate get your pro pure with
a new pro one filters today and in fall war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139 tyranny
is here the grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality it really says that the state
is God the United States is now recognized globally as one of the most impressive police
states on earth this film conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of FEMA
camps now being expanded nationwide this documentary exposes how the continuity of government program
has established an all-powerful shadow state police state for chronicles the sickening
depth to which our republic has fallen prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency
dictatorship body scammers sound cameras citizen spies stage terror and cameras on every street
corner it's only the beginning of the New World Order's hellish plan the police state
isn't coming it's here secure your copy today at info wars.com or see it online in the highest
quality at prisonplanet.tv crashing through the lies and disinformation it's Alex Jones
on the GCN radio network alright welcome back this is the Alex Jones show hour number three
here on this Wednesday March 6 2013 Mike Adams the health Ranger filling in for Alex today
he'll be back on Monday maybe even the Sunday show I'm not sure probably Monday I guess
I guess you'll find out we'll all find out together in any case that's been great joining
it today and in this segment we're joined by info warrior David Knight who brings us
some special reports and then in about half an hour from now Aaron Dykes will come in
and join us here in studio with some additional special reports on eugenics and the National
Guard David welcome to the broadcast good to be with you here today thank you Mike you
know you're just talking the last segment about how what good medicine laughter is you
know so we're gonna laugh at the TSA good it's gonna be kind of some dark comedy because
there's some serious issues here but well they give us all kinds of opportunities for
satire and comedy that's right that's right you know we've got operation Paul Revere coming
up and you know ridicule is a really powerful weapon yes you guys did that really well on
your side I love that TSA video you did a TSA help wanted yeah yeah yeah I felt like
right when I saw that you know but yeah the target rich environment and yesterday they
were in the news with a lot of incredible stuff you know the sequester is coming up
yep and Janet Napolitano was telling everybody look I'm not trying to scare you I'm just
trying to inform you but we're gonna be furloughing people and you're gonna have very long waiting
times at the airports right right turned out to be a total lie right but two days just
before that they spent 50 million dollars on new uniforms ah 50 million dollars okay
and you know put that in perspective they've got here's some of the numbers they've got
44,000 employees right so that's eleven hundred and thirty six dollars per uniform wow yeah
wow where do they where do they buy these eleven hundred dollar TSA uniforms are they
magic do they have yeah it's probably make them invisible or something that's right that's
right yeah they're not bulletproof or waterproof or spill proof you know because they're worried
about your liquids I don't know what what it is about it and and it got me thinking
about well here's here's a serious thing okay first before we get into the other thing okay
let's be serious all right yeah let's get like the TSA yeah so you know I'm looking
at this and it's like okay if they've got 44,000 employees okay there's another article
saying that their uniform allowance is four hundred and forty six dollars per year for
these employees wow that's only about forty percent of the cost yeah right so the question
is are they shoveling this money somewhere else or because this is to be provided over
a couple years or are they looking to maybe increase the size of the TSA army right oh
right add add people two and a half times you know for that that of course maybe they're
looking at multiple year use of these things or something well I think the the sequestration
I think we should instead of cutting people we should cut the uniforms and let the TSA
up naked and that way we will know that they're not hiding anything in their pants that's
right yeah but these little improves want us to be unclothed not them right so apparently
special ones and the interesting thing about this and this is in an article a couple of
these things were in articles that were linked on can you imagine can you imagine those TSA
agents naked I'm sorry that's a disturbing image there are things you should never do
never imagine TSA people naked don't pee on the electric fence nothing you know don't
eat the yellow snow things you should never do basically that's right okay well and also
here's another serious thing okay this is a marine lieutenant combat lieutenant gets
$400 once for uniforms okay as an allowance these guys are getting 446 per year wow and
they just double that from what they had before but to give you an idea of inflation okay
I thought back I started thinking about these little Emperor's running around with their
new uniforms and everything it made me think back to the Nixon White House do you remember
that you remember when Nixon had like the Imperial Guard uniforms that he had at the
White House I think I was in diapers I remember that they made one appearance okay he'd taken
a European tour and he was real infatuated with all the pomp and circumstance in Europe
right uh-huh so he went out and had uniforms made for the White House staff and and we've
got it you can't see it on the radio but we've got a got a link to it that we can pull up
here and he got these uniforms for them they wore them only once and they were so ridiculed
that they never warm again really yeah they were white jackets with black leather caps
okay and they had I've got something here that talks about but you can look at it they're
white and they've got they look like a marching band uniform can you guys show that for prison
plan TV members and that's okay those the caps I see the caps yeah that's what they
actually wound up being they actually wound up being a marching band uniform here's the
description a white cream tunic made out of elastique with a double-breasted cut three
buttons a stand-up collar gold nylon trim and a vinyl cap and they had little black
leather capes with it as well and they had like metal things capes yeah they had on the
collars that said wh for White House and all this kind of stuff I think TSA should wear
capes like Superman running around reaching down your pants with a cape on that's right
well they only cost $95 though I mean they got a they got a deal on that's a deal when
you look at it I mean they're pretty fancy for $95 of course the feds devalued our currency
quite a bit and they intervening 40 years but these are some of the reviews they got
some of the people said they look like late Weimar Republic other people said they look
like they're from a Lithuanian movie or they look like Nazi uniforms so they not they mothball
these things and 10 years later Alice Cooper tried to buy some of them and they wouldn't
sell really yeah and they eventually gave them to a Utah College where they use them
as marching band uniform so I thought you know with all these with all these uniforms
of the TSA is buying you know at about a hundred people per marching band they could have about
500 marching bands they could outfit with these silly uniforms you know it seems to
me that when you have no real authority you have to have a really fancy uniform mm-hmm
that's why you know John Cleese did his thing about the Department of funny walks that's
right it's funny walking and it like the the more corrupt your government the more you
have to embellish it with crazy little walks crazy little uniforms mm-hmm because you don't
have any real authority there all right right this is all a facade and and one of the things
that they had to agree to when these this marching band got it they had to agree they
had a lot of regulations that the Secret Service gave them the Secret Service is very interested
that they not sell these things to Alice Cooper that they really that they would not use them
in any way in a way that would debase the presidency okay now I looked at that and I
thought well you know the person who debased the presidency was Richard Nixon that kind
of pride to think that he needed that kind of pump for his personal guards yeah but even
think about it though in contrast Richard Nixon didn't even say yeah I can drone strike
Americans on US soil yeah that's right I mean Nixon was a mild compared to what we're seeing
today he was just kind of getting warmed up you know it's a this tyranny kind of rolls
out slowly right yeah he was kind of on the cutting edge you know but maybe he was saying
you know instead of saying I'm not a crook maybe he was saying I'm not a kook you know
when he was talking about those forms but it just kind of rolls out but the other thing
that was interesting I thought with a TSA is you notice that they're going to start
allowing knives and golf clubs things like that I've been waiting for that yeah I might
start flying again if I can bring a knife on now that's two inch blade yeah that's right
but now that's only going to be legal in April you know the end of April if you were to carry
on something like that now you'd be in a lot of trouble so what's the deal do all the TSA
people now have enough pocket knives that they've confiscated from everybody and now
they figure we just can't handle any more freaking knives legalize them again for god's
sake they've glad the market on knives and nail clippers I guess yeah I don't know well
the nail clippers there's no word as to whether or not nail clippers are still a security
threat or not so I don't know it's that little file part yeah you could file off the lock
on the the door that's right to the flight deck that's right and get in that way with
your nail clippers yeah what about I heard they were gonna still not allow golf clubs
or a certain number of golf clubs or what's the deal on that there was some stuff on this
it's like they're not gonna allow liquids still okay but you can take lacrosse billiards
and hockey sticks ski poles and two golf clubs three would be a danger I guess two two one
for each hand basically is what they're saying you can have two clubs one in each hand that's
right but the third one now is all totally arbitrary right but the interesting thing
about you know where they're getting opposition to that from flight attendants flight attendants
yes yes yeah yeah these people who enforce this kind of bizarre imaginary world on us
I think that every time you know when they go down they tell you got to turn off your
cell phones right you can't and they're very explicit about saying that you can't put it
in airplane mode oh okay now they're right do they actually even understand what airplane
mode is you know they'd rather you isn't that off exactly well the thing is if you just
turn it off like they ask you to and make the screen go black yeah okay your your phone
is still sending and receiving signals yeah still working as a radio it just doesn't look
like it okay yeah and so uh but you know if you if you uh actually put it in airplane
mode that shuts off all radio signals it's not looking for anything it's not sending
anything right that's why they call it airplane mode yeah exactly brilliant but that doesn't
kind of get through to the uh flight attendants you know they they don't really understand
that and and I guess it kind of gets to the point you know what this is all about it's
all about theater it's all about appearances sure they want your phone to have the appearance
of being off even though it's not really well it's like they say don't you can't bring liquids
on the plane but your body is 75 water right so you know if a terrorist wanted a little
liquid bomb all they have to do is swallow a little baggie of liquid go into the bathroom
vomit it back up they got their liquid bomb I mean what's the big deal right right or
or have a fake breast you know uh prosthetic with liquid in it I'm I'm not I'm sure I'm
not giving terrorists new ideas these are kind of obvious things right right this liquid
thing is crazy well it's been security theater for a long time everybody's known it's been
theater I I flew with my sons uh in 2001 before September 11th and I told him I said this
is just the stupidest theater that you've ever seen this is all about you know a power
trip it's all about uh making people think that the government is there to protect them
that the government is going to save them and keep them secure and just a few months
after that you know you had 9-11 remember that show that comedy improv show called whose
line is it anyway uh no I don't remember that really that was that was I remember seeing
that and it was it was set up improv situations I found that this was useful every time before
I would go into the airport I would imagine I'm going to view a whose line is it anyway
show where they're acting like security experts and then there's the TSA oh my god it's so
funny yeah yeah that's right well it's uh it's sad but it's kind of like a dark comedy
you know it's kind of like Terry Gilliam's Brazil yeah remember how he had they had all
the monitors where they're watching everybody and all the stuff you know it's just real
oppressive and brutal regime but it doesn't really quite work no it doesn't it doesn't
work massive failures and I've I've wondered too how does the TSA train itself to feel
down your pants do they pat each other down and to get good at it do they work on dummy
models how do they do that because they're experts I don't want to try to visualize that
yeah me neither well anyway more more satire at the TSA's expense straight ahead right
here on the Alex Jones show with David Knight in studio stay with us we'll be right back.
We have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosilic acid advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element it is the only one that does it and out of the gates we have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water this is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides herbicides
chloramines ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosilic acid the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate get your pro pure with
a new pro one filter today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139 we travel so much
and having a fake TV gives added peace of mind burglars look for houses that appear
to be easy targets but fake TV can fool even professional burglars into thinking someone
is home watching television as a recent widow living alone it gives me great peace of mind
to set my fake TV near a window and know that passing motorists and pedestrians will think
someone is home watching TV when I'm actually away from home fake TV easily plugs into any
outlet just like a light on a timer and they're so easy to use you just plug them in and they're
ready to go plus they're so affordable that we have one upstairs and downstairs fake TV
is only $34.95 order your fake TV by calling 877-5FAKETV or go to FAKETV.COM that's 877-532-5388
or FAKETV.COM fake TV the burglar deterrent now there's an amazing new natural antibiotic
every person must have it's cells alive silver solution and it destroys over 650 hard to
kill viruses fungus bacteria and much more cells alive silver solution has no expiration
date is great for emergency kits and storage shelters and comes in 8 or 16 ounce bottles
order today at 888-910-4367 or visit hempusa.org hempusa.org 100% chemical free super foods
and unique health products we the people grow cotton we fabric engraving embed strips and
fibers to protect from counterfeit and carting to a private bank having a lead back at interest
forcing taxes to service debt this capitalism or was Jefferson correct when stating a central
bank issuing the public currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than
a standing army hi Ted Anderson I'm placing a free silver dollar in a book that explains
our monetary system call for your copy 800-686-2237 it's time to understand the system call 800-686-2237
that's 800-686-2237.
Digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins that bears repeating
digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins and Pro-EM-1 daily probiotic
cleanse is the key to digestive health Pro-EM-1 is a powerful liquid probiotic strong enough
to cleanse gentle enough to use every day Pro-EM-1 is dairy wheat and soy free contains
all natural and certified organic ingredients contains no preservatives or animal products
supports a healthy digestive and immune system supports weight loss improves absorption of
food nutrients aids in controlling yeast infections is never freeze-dried and uses three groups
of live viable beneficial microbes to cleanse and remove toxins order Pro-EM-1 daily probiotic
cleanse at tereganics.com spelled t-e-r-a-g-a-n-i-x.com tereganics.com or call toll free 866-369-3678
that's 866-369-3678.
Pro-EM-1 the raw probiotic.
Alright we're back on the Alex Jones show thanks for listening in this is the third
hour of today's broadcast on this Wednesday still Wednesday March 6th 2013 Mike Adams
filling in here with David Knight in studio and we're talking about the TSA actually we're
making fun of the TSA but what do you what do you think about the notion David that when
you go on a flight you are in effect submitting to be a prisoner for the entire duration from
when you check in to when you get off the plane you're a prisoner oh yeah absolutely
it's a police state and it's a silly police state like I was talking about you know they
don't really understand even how cell phones work right and you stop and think about it
that that's another thing too about the 9-11 narrative I mean if you understand how cell
phones work you know that nobody was calling and talking to somebody at a call station
right a long time right it's such an obvious hole in the official story right right if
anybody's ever tried to make a cell phone call from yeah phone they pretty much know
that because the cell phone towers are evident in a pattern that deliberately is focusing
the energy horizontally vertically right okay and you'll be passing through the cell phone
cells so quickly that they couldn't switch to keep up with you right so I mean there's
a lot of different issues here but yeah it just doesn't work and that's why they put
Wi-Fi and they put phone service on the planes because your phones and your Wi-Fi doesn't
work on a plane but you know it's the whole thing is silly from the start to the finish
and like we were talking about during the break we just don't travel that much anymore
we try to avoid it you you know you avoid it totally I've got family still in North
Carolina so I can't completely avoid it and I've done more traveling in the last few months
and I've done in decade well the thing is I I would love to have an airline called open
carry airlines yeah where to get on the plane you got to bring a gun that's right because
I mean that I would I I'd be on there with veterans and cops FBI agents and concealed
carry citizens I'd bring my Glock we should all be armed you think a terrorist is going
to get on a plane like that no no way I mean the only requirement you got to bring a frangible
ammo that's it they check your ammo at the gate here frangible ammo get on the plane
be the safest plane in the sky that'll that'll never happen because remember they they when
they had they banned cigarette smoking yeah right okay which I agree with I don't want
to breathe other people's smoke on the plane right I don't either but some people talked
about you know having plane flights where they were just going to be all smoking oh
yeah they can have that sure you know they won't allow that right yeah they used to have
before they did that you had some airlines I remember there was one airline that used
to have a Texas run called Muse Air it was a spin-off some executives from Southwest
and they had flights where there was no smoking you know for these short flights so they knew
there was a market for people who didn't want smoking well there was also a market for people
who wanted smoking all the time right right they won't allow even that it's just the way
the nanny state is I'm all about choice you know if you want to have if you want to smoke
on the airplane that's fine you want to have a smoke an all-smoking flight they should
allow that mm-hmm well I mean look at look at Bloomberg's nanny state in New York right
you know you can't smoke inside your barbershop right so they've had some guys actually get
loitering tickets for going outside of their own barbershop while they're waiting for somebody
to come in they go outside their own barbershop and light up a cigarette and stand there in
front of their barbershop and then the cop gives them a ticket for loitering that's crazy
oh yes New York I I think New York should have a department of mental hygiene like we
have in Maryland now I just learned today it's a department of mental hygiene do you
think Bloomberg could pass the inspection yeah well no see but that's the thing you
notice they don't give drug tests to members of Congress you don't even have to pass a
constitutional proficiency test to get into the Senate right right you don't even have
to know what the Bill of Rights is at all and for all we know they can't read right
because maybe they can obviously read the bills yeah they have to pass them to find
out what's in them I think half of them are psyched psyched out on psyched drugs I think
they're on you know all kinds of drugs that inhibit their cognitive function we should
drug test Congress that's what I'm saying yeah well there's also that you know that
green money that you know kind of messes up the way they think too you know yeah the something
of a drug to them the ultimate addiction yeah cash that's right they definitely go for that
$100,000 per vote but have you ever noticed getting back to airplanes that pilots treat
you on the airplane the same way that the White House treats the press it's like you're
sitting on the runway something's broken on the plane something's obviously broken the
wing is falling off the pilots like yeah we're doing a routine check up here we're gonna be
sitting here for a few minutes and they always blame it on the control tower that's right
the control tower told us to waste six hours of your time that's right it's the control
towers fault that's right there's never any problem here right yeah that's isn't that
Obama though there's never any problem yeah oh yeah absolutely yeah yeah we don't have
we got a sequestration problem but you know we can still spend 50 million dollars on uniforms
and we can send 250 million dollars to Egypt or whatever I mean it's they can find the
money to do what they want to do but they're gonna release criminals onto the streets to
threaten the population yeah at the same time is that's that's what they do well it's incredible
David night great to have you on thanks Mike all right good to have you here stay with
us folks we'll be right back after this break with Aaron Dykes in studio this is the Alex
Jones show we'll be right back we're on the march the Empire's on the run Alex Jones and
the GCN radio network if you're listening you know your basic freedoms are being threatened
every day if you're listening you know the economy is not getting better you know gas
and food prices are skyrocketing now is the time to get prepared for years we've told
you about our friends at e foods direct they have the best tasting long-term storable food
on the planet this food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight
a long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing
you need most be prepared and get your supply from e foods direct right now is the best
time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies give
yourself peace of mind and be prepared act now and call eight hundred four zero nine
five six three three or visit e foods direct dot com slash Alex get free shipping on all
orders for a limited time call eight hundred four zero nine five six three three or go
to e foods direct dot com slash Alex you can bet your life on e foods direct now that we
have moved into the winter season there is an increased need to support our immunity
and health at silver lungs we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full
selection of silver based products our most popular silver based products are the thirty
two ounce nano silver solutions our two ounce nano silver nasal applicators as well as our
all-natural silver soaps just released is our 100 percent natural silver gel our new
silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents which quickly evaporate and leave the
silver at the surface but rather we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing
chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the
silver more effectively visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver
based products are best for you that's www.silverlungs.com it's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria
viruses moles and fungus can inflict severe damage in the human body fortunately a new
and vastly improved silver solution has been developed supernatural silver is a revolutionary
broad spectrum antibacterial antiviral antifungal solution that can be used inside the body
as well as on the skin supernatural silver is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic
silver using a patented technology that is highly effective against colds flus infections
food poisoning and yeast in addition to many other pathogens supernatural silver is scientifically
supported extremely safe and is the number one choice of thousands of people for immune
system support find out how supernatural silver could change your life go to www.supernaturalsilver.com
and use the promo code healthy for 20% off that's www.supernaturalsilver.com and like
us on facebook you've heard it here i'm on television so everybody knows it i believe
in the second amendment i believe in people's lawful right to bear arms we're going to find
the people who are doing this take them out and shoot them no you take them out they are
traitors in this country and shoot them shoot them dead i'll pay for the bullet challenge
alex jones do a boxing match show up with a semi-automatic that you got legally and
pop them i'd love to see that in uniform
i will not take your shotgun away i will not take your rifle away i won't take your handgun
away mr and mrs america turn them all in
all right we're back great uh great liner there a compilation of tyranny that's happening
right now in the united states in 2013 well we're gonna turn this around folks and coming
at you from the headquarters of the organization infowars that is spearheading the effort to
turn this around this is the alex jones show mike adams filling in today aaron dykes now
joins us in studio with updated information some some good stuff from aaron and to start
off with what's going on with ran paul and his attempted filibuster right now well as
you know they put forward john brennan one of obama's key advisors who actually creates
the drone kill list and brings it to obama's desk each week he's being nominated for cia
and so ran paul is filibustering right now in the senate that nomination and saying he
wants the obama administration to promise not to kill american drones we've got a report
up on infowars government emergency alert test interrupts the ran paul filibuster that's
interesting because of all the sneaky tactics we saw during the ron paul run for the campaign
all the blacking out in the media uh sometimes physically blacking out the transmission of
his speech it's interesting that the state of new york would issue an eas alert over
his filibuster right though i have also seen it on cnn but interesting he's doing that
just to interrupt things but you know why wouldn't the obama just say okay we're not
gonna kill americans on u.s soil why wouldn't he just be willing to put that language in
there if that's what he's claiming he's never gonna do oh well look at the whole structure
they've created uh the new terrorist could be a domestic extremist might be a returning
vet might just be a crazy constitutionalist with a flag might just be a curmudgeon old
man with a shotgun who doesn't want government putting in a spark meter or something it might
be an eight-year-old student with a strawberry tart shaped like a gun that's most dangerous
actually we're about to get to a special report at the very end oh really i caught a very
young terrorist still in a stroller with a bubble gun that's that's not gonna work out
but he was just rapid firing he had bubbles he had hundreds of uh bubble bullets in his
chamber does the tsa allow bubble guns on airplanes anymore or ever that's probably
liquid right i doubt oh that's a liquid the bubbles plus it might look like something
you know yeah like bubbles well i'm really worried about the strawberry tart guns because
they could shoot strawberry seeds which i i understand are quite small and could poke
out an eye and it's part of this whole orwellian 1984 big brother system where the perception
is reality and everyone has to tattle on each other and yeah basically even the thought
they had literal everything but literal invasion of the mind but any sign that you're thinking
of resistance that itself is a crime that's a thought crime well that gets us to the issue
of mental hygiene yeah which we mentioned that in the first hour freaked me out but
yeah yeah go ahead mental hygiene but that is one of the key code words from the eugenics
movement it goes back to the founding but basically they wanted to use the idea that
there's crazy people and they might be reproducing faster than regular people no mentally unfit
people what they called feeble minded people but most of this was code word of course there
were some messed up people but they really wanted an excuse for the state to decide who
lives and dies which really brings us up to modern day uh socialized health care where
they want to rationalize it and say well your end of life care might cost a million dollars
plus that's not worth it your life isn't a value so we want to terminate you that abortions
to a minority mother or someone who already has too many children so that life isn't worth
it and that's very much the mentality of eugenics but it itself is part of what george orwell
actually calls oligarchical collectivism remember goldstein the rebel in 1984 who actually helped
establish that big brother system he writes the book on the theory and practice of oligarchical
collectivism and what this is is socialism in disguise uh have you ever heard of the
fabian society runs fabian socialism yeah they have two logos one is the turtle for
incrementalism the other is a wolf in sheep's clothing oh really and just check out one
of the main of fabian socialists who was also a eugenicist was playwright george bernard
shaw very famous for pygmalion and some of his other works he wrote that under socialism
which remembers any form of oligarchical collectivism run by the elites but where everyone's trapped
in the society socialism you'd be forcibly fed clothed lodged taught and employed whether
you liked it or not but if it were discovered you had not the character and industry to
be worth all this trouble you might be executed in a kindly manner in a kindly manner and
so that is that a drone strike system is that new world order system in action i think the
drone strikes are are kindly because the missile arrives before you hear it therefore there
is no fear involved because they fly faster than the speed of sound right so you're blown
up before you can even sense it that's compassionate government oh it's compassionate yeah but
just to get back into eugenics and mental hygiene uh you had the case in i believe 1927
where they were saying we have to sterilize these imbeciles these feeble-minded uh retarded
minds who can't think for themselves and there's actually a supreme court ruling from justice
oliver window holmes who wrote in the in the deciding uh principle at the time quote the
principle that sustains compulsory vaccination is broad enough to cover cutting the fallopian
tubes which of course is compulsory sterilization and he said say in that decision three generations
of imbeciles is enough and that's completely in fitting with why they have established
departments of health and mental hygiene which are implements of the eugenics movement wow
and it completely fits in where the rockefeller family pushed all the vehicles for eugenics
but also established our modern uh science and our modern hospitals and our modern health
care system the allopathic medicine where you have to have surgeries and pharmaceuticals
for everything uh staying away from anything that can't be trademarked and found in nature
basically well if this eugenics effort was was thrust upon us you know many generations
ago and it was so intense it seems like it didn't work because we we have more we have
i mean we have it seems like the people running the country are now the most intellectually
you know cognitively impaired of all it's like they got an instead of eugenics was saying
they want to kill people who don't have high iq's but now it's like let's let's make them
let's put them in office high iq's and mental capacity was the language of eugenics the
actual system was about classifying people into into classes i mean they wanted to protect
the elites and propagate their dominance right have an excuse to eliminate their competition
and in particular many of them are racist and wanted to keep the black population down
you later saw the population council the united nations population fund doing really heavy
handed family planning in the third world where they do the most brutal things to people
in india and china and all these other third world developing nations yeah you know north
korea will give you a nuclear family they're working they're working on that i know technology
but listen the main idea sorry i i just have to i'm sorry i can't be serious today aaron
it's just it's too insane for me alex calls it gallows humor but uh you know so what is
what do you think from your research because you researched this more than anybody i know
what is the ultimate mechanism for population control that they're going to rain down upon
us now or is it already here with gmo's and vaccines i think that's one of the main vehicles
for sure the soft kill you've got technocrats like uh bill gates on the cutting edge of
that he's pushing worldwide with mind you the rockefeller foundation they're working
in lockstep to push vaccines everywhere some of which carry covert uh birth control maneuvers
terminating pregnancies causing miscarriages causing infertility and then he the other
side he's pushing very heavy-handedly gmo's he's got major monsanto stock companies like
mcdonald's and so forth are interlocked with his holdings and with the board of directories
with monsanto and that again works with rockefeller who in the 70s created what they called the
green revolution but it also centralized food production well you mentioned vaccines vaccines
are birth control i mean vaccines are abortions they cause spontaneous abortions right and
so do gmo's yeah in the rat studies that's fine right so the technologies isn't bill
gates in town here in austin right now that yeah he's here today for south by southwest
i think is he uh is he is he feeding people gmo what's he doing is he handing out cheeseburgers
a lot of that yeah yeah you know those elites they don't eat gmo's themselves they have
they're very meticulous the rockefeller family owns their own personal organic farm has their
own personal organic chefs who prepare food and supply their personal family of food you
find the same kind of thing with chinese elites uh with the queen the royal families bill
gates these people don't eat what they're pushing to the mainstream uh put that put
that back on guys check this out here's the news melissa melton story on infowars.com
bill gates descends on austin in controlled pre-planned appearance well i mean versus
what a spontaneous that's uh but uh bill gates is going to be at the dell computer science
hall at the university of texas speaking to students no doubt telling them to abort their
babies with more vaccines well hey let's show the media because uh alex really wanted me
to get to this special report oh i'm sorry yeah go and go for it public events seeing
uh national guard texas state guard popping up all over the place they were at the kite
festival which is otherwise this happy family event alex solemn at a texas independence
day celebration they'll do crowd control parking street control at different events and the
question is why and the bottom line i tried to point out the history in the special report
but they've perverted what was supposed to be our state militias and allowed them to
be over federalized and used by the president and the centralized federalized government
branch because they had one loophole in the constitution for when you could use military
domestically on our soil and that was to repel invasions and to put down insurrections they
were thinking about things like the shays rebellion that happened after the revolution
but before the constitution but in our modern day they've perverted that loophole over insurrections
and used it to be any national emergency natural disasters terrorism incidents hurricane and
so under us north com and under laws they've passed including john moore defense act since
that time they've transformed more and more of the state guards as well as the national
guard into federal hands and allow the president to take total control okay let's merge it
so let's roll it let's roll it erin dykes here for info wars dot com we've got to ask
ourselves why are the feds preparing for a war against americans why have they bought
now more than two billion bullets all kinds of arms and ammunition and now more than 2700
tanks to patrol in america and keep order we're told it's because they love us we're
told it's to keep the peace and to increase safety but of course we also know from army
documents from homeland security reports and a lot of other information that it's really
to occupy america and prepare for a civil unrest and a total economic collapse that
will include gun confiscation gun confiscation is exactly what happened during the state
of emergency following hurricane katrina and new orleans now the founders who set up the
constitution and bill of rights did not want a standing army because they knew history
and they knew that over and over again that's how power corrupts and takes over societies
at the same time they were concerned about historical examples like the shays rebellion
that happened after the years of the revolution but before the constitution where soldiers
who weren't paid formed mobs to try to take over the government so they put in the possibility
for the army to be used domestically for only one purpose and that's to put down insurrections
this was strengthened through things like posse commentatis from 1878 strictly forbidding
military from working with police or doing domestic operations but that has whittled
away in recent years and there's been a concerted effort to do away with posse commentatis altogether
and to take away the state's power over troops and national guards and put all the power
in the hands of the feds homeland security and the department of defense we've of course
seen how the military has been drilling preparing and training to take on americans put them
in internment camps and otherwise occupy the domestic sphere of society alex documented
as early as his police state 2000 film and in many of his other films here's a short
clip where americans come to checkpoints and beg for help from the military
but it's a no way limit to the things that alex has just put in his films this has been
an ongoing effort that has been accelerating david knight did a special report just a few
weeks ago documenting only a few of the recent urban warfare drills many of which included
helicopters firing simulated live rounds over major american cities they include houston
miami minneapolis st louis chicago los angeles and other locales well let's take a look at
some of these recent drills january the 28th in houston helicopters and the sound of gunfire
created a lot of concern this afternoon in one houston neighborhood and an army major
who was out here wouldn't tell us exactly what kind of training they were doing miami
four days earlier january the 24th 2013 still if you've seen one of these drills it really
is like a scene out of one of those action movies choppers stalking the sky in downtown
miami it's a joint military training exercise and here's another one in minneapolis august
28 2012 if you see military helicopters flying low over minneapolis do not be alarmed they
are training in an urban environment here's another one st louis july 3rd 2012 it's a
military mission in north st louis heavily armored vehicles are rolling into town and
while they come in peace there are all kinds of rumors about why they are here chicago
april 17 2012 a pretty scary scene along the chicago river turns out to be a military
training exercise los angeles and january the 26th 2012 special military operation forces
in conjunction with the lapd conducting some military maneuvers of course in the 2010 film
police state 4 the rise of fema rob do alex jones and the other filmmakers covered the
example of arcadia iowa where the national guard practiced cordon and search drills in
neighborhoods to specifically take on gun dealers to find quote weapons caches and alex
interviewed the officer who's in charge of the drill they were admittedly doing it for
domestic purposes inside the united states and we should really ask ourselves why it
says in this article going door to door asking if they could search homes looking for weapons
it's actually a planned training event to provide our soldiers with greater proficiency
at what we call cordon and search uh which is a mission that um just for a little background
we've deployed nearly 13 000 members of the iowa national guard in the global war on terror
and then actually search for caches of weapons or other kinds of contraband which could harm
um american forces another like fallujah what we saw in fallujah correct and then you have
manuals like fm 3-39.40 specifically about internment and resettlement and they include
the presence of psyop officers to win over the support of the american people and of
course to deal with dissidents and this happens throughout history every time an oppressive
power takes over the nazis of course didn't only come in with a strong military force
they first sent in what equates to psyop officers psychological operators who tried
to win over public support they offered children candy they told them they were there to help
they did friendly public events and we see this playing out again in american society
unfortunately where national guard military troops who aren't supposed to operate domestically
are operating outside of their role but in benign ways that innocuous events to win over
public support and this too if you're listening you know your basic freedoms are being threatened
every day if you're listening you know the economy is not getting better you know gas
and food prices are skyrocketing now is the time to get prepared for years we've told
you about our friends at e-foods direct they have the best tasting long-term storable food
on the planet this food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight
a long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing
you need most be prepared and get your supply from e-foods direct right now is the best
time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies give
yourself peace of mind and be prepared act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com
slash alex get free shipping on all orders for a limited time call 800-409-5633 or go
to efoodsdirect.com slash alex you can bet your life on efoods direct we all know that
berkey water purification systems are the most trusted name in water filtration as an
authorized berkey dealer for over six years in serving thousands of satisfied customers
the berkey guy offers amazing specials for berkey water filtration systems the berkey
light systems include a set of self-sterilizing and re-cleanable black purification elements
that purify water by removing chlorine pathogenic bacteria cysts and parasites to non-detectable
levels and remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides and pesticides order the berkey
light system today complete with two black berkey elements for only $231 and the berkey
guy will ship your order free of charge with the purchase of a berkey light the berkey
guy is also offering a set of fluoride and arsenic filters for only $39.99 that's over
30% off the retail price call the berkey guy at 1-877-886-3653 that's 1-877-886-3653 or
order online at goberky.com that's goberky.com today
injuries slow healing aches and pains constipation weakness fatigue are all common the older
one gets the progressive deterioration of the body that occurs almost universally the
older one gets can partly to significantly be prevented with conscientious attention
to nutrition if the hansa men can play rugby in their 90s then it is possible for everyone
in north america to experience a more youthful life as well one key ingredient to warding
off aging and reversing some of it is the type and quality of protein consumed all protein
foods or supplements you currently consume are heat damaged destroying 50 to 75 percent
of your ability to utilize the body building amino acids one world way is not heat damaged
and allows your body to utilize 100% of the amino acids this feat no one else has achieved
the results to your health can be amazing call 888-988-3325 that's 888-988-3325 or visit
one world way.com that's one world w-h-e-y.com ease the t-rex of political talk alex jones
on the gcn radio network all right we're back on the alex jones show and we are continuing
with this aaron dykes special report video on how we are being acclimated for troops
on the streets in america let's continue with that video report right now happy children
families couples a sunny day in early spring all over a park in austin this is the scene
of the austin kite festival now in its 84th year an iconic and idyllic scene of peace
and recreation what could be better but outside of this festive atmosphere which had clogged
downtown traffic and brought normal activities on this happy weekend day to a halt was a
military presence the texas state guard operating under the national guard was running part
of the event they were invited there by the austin exchange club and operated with the
help of police the shuttle buses bringing kite festival goers to and from the event
it was admittedly run as other training exercises are in preparation for natural disasters and
other emergencies as coordinated by homeland security and fema including this article posted
on the texas state guard website txsg flies high with austin kite festival where they
admit in part that festival organizers and participants gave the texas state guard soldiers
real world training for the kind of logistical support the organization provides during natural
disasters and other emergencies quote this gives us the opportunity to put our training
and expertise into practical use in advance of our response to hurricanes tornadoes floods
or fires the national guard first appeared in 2012 at the austin kite festival provoking
several news articles the internet was ablaze with the account of the national guard patrolling
the austin kite festival in 2012 but here in 2013 there was scant mention of the national
guard's presence other than just straightforward pr releases of how they would operate the
buses and how they would carry passengers to and fro conditioning the public to accept
ever greater control in violation of posse commentatis to keep track and control of the
people under any pretext they considered necessary homeland security and fema have made big preparations
not only for natural disasters but also for civil unrest or declared national emergencies
and their training exercises have routinely included the very functions that these national
guard members were carrying out during this kite festival where they would line up the
public and keep track of them as they were loaded onto buses in 2011 info wars reporters
traveled to denver colorado to cover an exercise run by homeland security and fema where various
terror scenarios and school shooter scenarios prompted school buses to load children and
take them to sports stadiums contingency plans for natural disasters and other emergencies
have included in states like texas and new jersey rfid wristbands where members of the
population would be tracked and tagged upon entering buses and throughout their stay at
emergency centers like the one used by fema during hurricane katrina at the superdome
where the public was not protected but instead subjected to a laboratory of martial law conditions
while there is no sign of this kind of disaster at the austin kite festival i guess it's good
that military and police were there to keep order i actually captured a very dangerous
individual on this camera seen here at a young age in a stroller using a terrorist weapon
the bubble gun and there you go that's the video report from aaron dykes and you can
continue to watch the whole thing at infowars.com troops deployed ahead of economic collapse
and gun confiscation an outstanding report there from aaron dykes and he was showing
us the terror weapon bubble gun that shoots little bubbles held by a child if you can
believe that oh my goodness and that's not even allowed on airplanes as we talked about
in any case the big stories today north korea vows to cancel the korean war ceasefire we've
got mental hygiene in maryland we've got eric holder says yes they're gonna they have the
right to attack americans on u.s soil using drone strikes and hugo chavez is dead i want
to thank the crew today for a great job pulling up videos and websites cj chris and john bound
and the rest there thanks guys for doing such an awesome job they're dancing back there
and thanks for tuning in today this is mike adams signing off for the alex jones show
infowars.com talk to you later thank you for listening to gcn visit gcnlive.com today
