Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
And happy Friday. Alex Jones show, Catherine Albrecht filling in for Alex. My last day
here with you guys. What a delight to be part of the Alex Jones Freedom Empire making its
way across the globe here. I've been hearing from people in New Zealand. I've been hearing
from people across Europe. I've been hearing from people in South America. Amazing how
this freedom message, we here in the U.S. think that we're kind of the epicenter of
freedom. And I think in a lot of ways, we are, especially if you're in a place like
North Korea. You're probably looking out at the shining beacon of the U.S. But people
are waking up to this message all over the globe in large measure because of programs
like this one, in large measure because of the Internet, which is enabling us to get
this message out. And, you know, I really think we have a brief window of time to do
it too, because you know that the globalists have their plan. The government would very
much like to shut all of this down. No more of that conversing. You know, I have this
book on my floor to ceiling bookshelf of 20th century history. And it is all about the laws
that were enacted in the Soviet Union. It's a really boring book, you know, just page
after page of legal. It's translated in English, but it was a Russian law book or a Soviet
law book in the Cold War. And in there, do you know that the Soviets actually required
back in the day when they had mimeographed machines and they were first coming out with
photocopiers that you had to get a permit in order to make copies of just a piece of
paper? I'm looking at that going, OK, well, that is that's some serious top down control
there because they didn't want in the same way that the British back in the days of the
founding fathers of the U.S., they didn't want more than a couple of people gathering
at a time. That's why that that particular right is right there in the U.S. Constitution
in the Bill of Rights. They don't want people getting together. They don't want people disseminating
information because if they can control all the information, of course, in the Soviet
Union, they control the newspapers, they control the radio, they control the television. They
were it. You had your state controlled media and that was all there was. And they didn't
want people even making mimeographed copies. Anybody older, old enough to remember in the
60s and 70s, those drum roller machines with the purple ink that would be all fuzzy? Your
teacher would would give you a handout and still be wet. It'd be like damp from the roller
thing. And they had a particular smell about them. Well, you know, in those days, I'm sure
even for teachers to hand out worksheets to their students, they had to get literally
a permit from the government. And I as I look at what's going on today, I think, my gosh,
it would be fun just to teleport Stalin just ever so briefly into the modern era and just
watch his like smoke come out of his ears and watch him absolutely flip out because
we've got the power beyond photocopies. My goodness, we've we've got the power to reach
literally hundreds of millions of people and I'm so glad we're doing it. All right. Well,
my name is Catherine Albrecht. If you're not familiar with my work, I'm the RFID lady.
I've been working on the issue of consumer privacy, shopper privacy, and fighting against
the encroachment of radio frequency ID devices, whether it's in products, or as we're going
to be talking about this hour in furniture, heaven forbid, or the worst case of all on
human beings or even in human beings. And we talked about that a little bit this hour
as well. The RFID microchip is merging with the cell phone is merging with the global
brain is merging with the internet, it's all coming together. And it's not a mistake, as
I've said before, on this show in my own program, that it's a web, it is called a web, because
there's a spider sitting at the center of it, it is called a net, because there's somebody
holding the net. And you may think that you're in charge of a lot of this technology and
in a lot of ways we are. But when it comes right down to it, this net, this web is not
only going to be a place through which we can communicate with one another, but it's
going to be a place through which this global thing is going to have its eyes and ears on
all of us. All right, we'll be talking about that this hour, also opening up for your phone
calls a little bit later this hour. Microchip markets RFID technology that transmits via
the human body. Yeah, that and we've got a new Wall Street Journal article out about
how companies are tracking their employees. All right, all that and more when we come
back. Catherine Albrecht filling in for Alex Jones. More right after this.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Bend Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. A little over a year ago, I began to do a lot
of research into why even if I had a pretty good sized meal that I was still starving
and my research led me to a well known fact that most of the soils that we grow our crops
on here in the United States and across the industrialized world are almost completely
depleted of almost all of the key minerals and trace elements that our bodies need to
rebuild themselves, fight off cancer and be healthy. I then searched out the best vitamin
and mineral company out there and discovered Young Jevity. The Young Jevity products are
designed to give you the real nutrition you need and once you've got that, you don't have
to eat as much to be satisfied. I've lost 37 pounds in two months. Simply getting the
vitamins and minerals I need. Check it out for yourself. It's incredible. Go to Infowarsteam.com
today and order your first canister of Beyond Tangy Tangerine complete multivitamin mineral
complex dietary supplement. That's Infowarsteam.com. It's no secret that pathogens such as bacteria,
viruses, moles and fungus can inflict severe damage in the human body. Fortunately, a new
and vastly improved silver solution has been developed. Supernatural Silver is a revolutionary
broad spectrum antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal solution that can be used inside the body
as well as on the skin. Supernatural Silver is unique and superior to colloidal and ionic
silvers using a patented technology that is highly effective against colds, flus, infections,
food poisoning and yeast in addition to many other pathogens. Supernatural Silver is scientifically
supported, extremely safe and is the number one choice of thousands of people for immune
system support. Find out how Supernatural Silver could change your life. Go to SupernaturalSilver.com
and use the promo code Healthy for 20% off. That's SupernaturalSilver.com and like us
on Facebook.
Big Brother. Mainstream media. Government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
TV. It's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
It is our town. It's our country. It's our planet in case you haven't noticed that
lately with all you pond scum out there. Yeah, the globalists want to think it's their town,
but they are a tiny, mincy, miniscule little fraction of the mass of humanity that lives
on this planet. And it really is time for us to remind them of that, especially because
we've got a constitution that makes it very clear that these folks are our servants. So
I'm always pleased when I see that at least on the local level, the local and the state
level that the people who are getting elected kind of still get that, you know, it hasn't
gone totally to their heads in the way that it has on the federal level. And on my own
radio program, this is of course the Alex Jones Show and I'm Catherine Albrecht filling
in for Alex. I do my own radio show for two hours Monday through Friday. And on Fridays,
I always kind of try to dispel a little bit of the darkness that we've been looking at
all week long. And I do a little thing called Good News Friday. Well, I want to give you
just a couple of the good news stories, just a little preview of what I'm going to be talking
about on my show. And I want to share some of the positive stories that are coming out.
It's always good news when we have something positive going on. Well, let me tell you,
the state of Ohio is considering a ban against traffic cameras. Wouldn't that be a good thing?
You know, the idea that the state has its eyes on all of our cars is really disturbing.
We know that not only can the traffic cameras now zoom in and see your face or determine
whether you're grimacing or scowling or smiling as you sit there at the red light, they're
also able now to do automatic license plate recognition in a lot of municipalities. And
this is a big income source for these communities. Well, there's a court in Ohio that has said,
no, you can't be doing this. Let me just read you the article here. This is out of W Ohio
TV. They say the days of red light and speed cameras at Ohio intersections could be numbered.
A Hamilton County court judge ruled Thursday, that would be yesterday, that a traffic camera
ordinance in a little small village near Cincinnati cannot be enforced. Yeah. Now this is interesting.
Listen to the stats on this. You guys will die. All right. Only 2,188 people live in
Elmwood Place, Ohio, right? Just a little small town, 2,000 people approximately. But
cameras have caught more than 20,000 drivers speeding through town in just the last, well,
less than a year. They just installed these things in September of last year. So just
a couple of months, 20,000 drivers getting tickets. You gotta be kidding me. Well, what
are they making off of this? $1.5 million in September of last year. October, November,
December, that's like what, three months? Wait, no, three months of 2012, five months
worth? 1.5 million bucks. You know why these guys are doing it. Yeah. In the decision,
the judge said, well, not enough signage warning the motorists. They're not calibrating them.
It's a for-profit company, a whole bunch of problems with this. But I am delighted to
see that not only is the court striking this down, but there's even bipartisan legislation
introduced in the state of Ohio to knock out those traffic cameras. We've been seeing legislation
like this introduced in other states, and I would say this is an encouraging move. Wherever
you're located, you may want to consider lobbying for those cameras to be shut down. You know
they do a lot more than just monitor people who are violating the law. Yeah, they can
also use them for really any purpose they want to, and we ought to probably put the
brakes on that. So I would encourage you to get involved in that movement against the
eyes of the state being on every street corner. All right, the other bit of good news this
week, I know it's kind of, I suppose it's good news, TSA allowing knives and golf clubs
back on U.S. planes. I say I suppose it's good news because it's about time, isn't it?
You know, like next they're going to tell us we're going to be allowed to have a conversation
on the plane. It's pretty bad when they take away your rights and then they give them back
to you piecemeal and we say, oh, thank you, government, sir. Thank you, thank you that
we're allowed to do something that people have been doing for years and years before
you took those rights away. But the U.S. TSA has said that it will allow people to carry
small pocket knives onto passenger planes for the first time since the September 11th
terrorist attacks along with golf clubs, hockey sticks and plastic wiffle ball style bats.
Can you believe that it's been illegal for over 10 years now to carry a wiffle ball bat
onto an airplane? Yeah, just try beating somebody over the head with that. You know, they've
got the holes in them. They don't do much. All right. The agency will permit knives with
retractable blades shorter than 2.3 inches. So we're talking just the barest tiny of pocket
knives here and narrower than one half inch. The new rules are going to take effect at
the end of April. Now, they're also going to allow sticks used to play lacrosse, billiards
and hockey, ski poles and as many as two golf clubs. Yeah, you know, because if you have
three or four, you could you could get in big trouble with that. All right. The flight
attendants having a hissy fit about this. I'm not sure why they get so upset about pocket
knives. How many pocket knife attacks did we really have before they banned the pocket
knives? Really? Realistically? Most men I know, especially in certain parts of the country
in the south, actually carried a pocket knife. It was just part of the stuff in their pockets
along with their keys and their change and their wallets. And you didn't see a rash of
tiny knife attacks on the airplane. So that's I suppose that's good news. They're letting
us do that again. I've got another law out of Texas. Speaking of local lawmakers who
are my heroes, got to say, Texas is now proposing one of the nation's most sweeping mobile privacy
laws. If signed into law, this is such a no brainer, but if signed into law, cops would
actually have to get a warrant before they could use your phone to track you and get
your location data. Now, a pair of new mobile privacy bills recently introduced in the state
of Texas are among the, quote, most sweeping ever seen. Yeah, they actually offer better
protection on the Texas state level than a couple of similar bills introduced in Congress
this week. If passed, they would establish a probable cause requirement. Yeah, you'd
have to get a warrant. You'd have to show probable cause in order to obtain location
information from GPS devices and also tap and trace and cell phone tower location data.
This data, if the bill passes, would only be disclosed to law enforcement, quote, if
there's probable cause to believe the records disclosing location information will provide
evidence in a criminal investigation. It's about flipping time, don't you think? All
right. So I got to tell you, I am always delighted when we see on the state and local level,
you know, these kinds of bills getting introduced. I have already years ago, I gave up on the
federal government, although I got to say I was pretty pleased with Rand Paul and his
filibuster here over the last couple of days. So I think there is still some stuff that
can be done on the federal level. But if you're really looking to make change, I believe that
that change is going to be happening on the local and the state level. Joining me later
this the third hour of today's program, John Woods, excuse me, Tom Woods and I are going
to be talking about nullification and state rights as well. So stay tuned for that. We'll
definitely be getting into where the power structure is and where we as individuals can
actually get in there and make some changes. All right. Well, that's I got a couple more
bits of good news, but I think that's probably enough to tide us over for the moment. I now
want to turn our attention to something that's maybe a little bit more disturbing. And you
guys, if you've been following my work at all, and I know Alex has talked about this
extensively on the show as well, we are fighting against the tagging of students in San Antonio,
Texas with RFID tracking beacons around their necks. And one of the reasons that we've said,
hey, listen, this tracking pilot program at two schools down there, 4200 kids being forced
to wear a lanyard with a battery powered ID tag around their necks that sends out a signal
that's monitored every 25 seconds and recorded in a giant database so they know where all
the kids are all the time, all day long. But it's going to set a bad precedent for the
future, right? Those kids are going to grow up. And what is school all about? Well, school
is about conditioning kids. It's really not about education. And I can't help myself.
I got to share this other story with you. The other breaking news today, most new New
York City high school grads cannot read. Basic skills like reading, writing and math need
to be relearned. Nearly 80% of New York City high school graduates have to relearn basic
skills like reading before they can enter the city university's community college system.
All right, so this story just down today. So let's clarify this because my background
is in education. I have a doctorate from Harvard University in education. This is what I do.
It's what I've done my whole life. And I can say that as far as education goes, the government
schools, obviously, if 80% of kids graduating from them can't read or write, you would say
that they're a failure, right? Well, if you talk to John Taylor Gatto, who I knew has
been a guest on this program in the past, who's written the Underground History of American
Education, a former New York Teacher of the Year, so he knows what he's talking about.
He'll come right out and tell you the schools are failing. The schools are succeeding brilliantly.
They're doing exactly what they were set out to do, which is to condition kids to accept
keeping their mouth shut, keeping their heads low, obeying authority and staying in line.
That's what the schools are about. And they succeed in that brilliantly. So when you take
a look, now let's turn our attention away from New York, where 80% of kids can't read.
And now let's look back at Texas, where you've got 4200 kids as part of a trial this year,
with these remotely readable tracking devices around their necks. What do you think they're
learning? What do you think they're teaching these kids? Well, they're teaching them to
accept this notion that it's appropriate for the people in charge of you. Well, first of
all, that there are people in charge of you in large numbers that can segregate, slice
and dice you into a little age segregated unit that can then put this thing around your
neck and punish you if you fail to wear it, like Andrea Hernandez, who was expelled for
refusing to wear her little tracking device around her neck. So, you know, that sends
a pretty powerful message. We will expel you. We will punish you. We will make your life
miserable unless you don't. Well, already the thing that I've been predicting that this
is going to hit the workplace, it's happening. New story out in the Wall Street Journal titled
Tracking Sensors Invade the Workplace. There's a new company out there putting trackers not
only around employees necks, but even on the furniture that they sit in to determine how
often they get up or take breaks. All right, more on that story when we come back. This
is The Alex Jones Show. I'm Katherine Albrecht filling in. Stay tuned. If you want an American
company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal Ben Soap Company. Alex and
his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These all natural soaps are made
from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth friendly and safe. See
them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Buy the one to two month
sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what you're using now or save big
with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing
deal. You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you
feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Hey
everybody, Ty Bollinger here. Once again, real life, real stories. And he discovered
Carnivora. He was so thrilled with the product that he shared it with his family and his
friends and his patients. My dad was a family physician, he was a medical doctor. Almost
all the symptoms were either diminished or gone. Amazing product, amazing results. It's
like an amazing thing having such a profound change in how I feel and knowing that it was
the Carnivora that did it. And a lot of patients got better, ranging from immune dysfunction
to allergies and infection. Here's the toll free telephone number to call to access the
Carnivora telecast at Carnivora.com on Tuesday, March 12th, 8pm Eastern Time. Call 1-888-694-9666.
That's 1-888-694-9666. Once again, 1-888-694-9666. Visit c-a-r-n-i-v-o-r-a dot com or call 1-866-VenusFly
to order now. Stop the pain from broken, chipped and damaged nails with a revolutionary new
nail hardener, Nails of Steel. Apply just one drop of Nails of Steel over natural or
polished nails and go. With Nails of Steel, there's virtually no drying time and it's
guaranteed. Order this all natural, antifungal and herbal formula for women and men at Nails
of Steel dot com. That's Nails of Steel dot com. Nails of Steel. It's like a salon in
a bottle. Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered why banks, stock workers, investment
advisors want to talk about gold IRAs? They've been available since 1986, yet the financial
industry won't recognize the value of gold for your retirement. Gold is outperformed
paper investments, yet no word about IRAs. If you would like to have gold for your retirement,
call 800-686-2237. Don't get left behind by rising inflation and low returns, call 800-686-2237.
Secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237. March into big spring preparedness savings
this month at beefrepair.com. Going on now, emergency essentials and beefrepair.com save
you 28% off your favorite beef and chicken combo entrees. Save 24% on number 10 cans
of freeze-dried raspberries or save 26% on our freeze-dried strawberry slices with purchase
of 12 or more. Katadyn pocket micro water filters are 27% off. Try our fruit flavored
Hydro-Pak combo water filtering pouches. In March, buy five 10-packs for a 50% discount.
Pick up on wheat with a year's supply of grains for $70 off, only at beefrepair.com. And this
month, power up with a Goal Zero Sherpa 50 solar powered recharging kit at $110 off MSRP
and we'll throw in a free $50 emergency essentials gift card. The March sale ends March 31st
at beefrepair.com. For contents and details, call emergency essentials at 800-999-1863
or click beefrepair.com. The choice is clear, be unprepared or beefrepair.com.
Hey, we're back. You're listening to the Alex Jones show, of course, Infowars.com,
prisonplanet.com. I'm your guest host, Catherine Albrecht, writing shotgun with you for the
next couple of hours. I'm going to open up the phone lines here in the next segment.
Let me give out that number. It's 1-800-259-9231. That's 1-800-259-9231. If you'd like to call
in with a question or a comment about any of the topics we're talking about this hour,
I want to get into this whole concept of tracking people, becoming a normal part of life. And
if they can get it into the schools, they always want to start with the kids. You know,
as I said last week when I was a guest in studio with Alex, it's really about conditioning
the kids. You know, Hitler said, I don't care about you adults who oppose me because I've
already got your kids. See, that's where they want to go. And we look at the schools. They've
got our kids in the schools. They're clearly doing a horrific job of educating them. But
that's not what the schools are about, at least not according to John Taylor Gatto.
He says the schools are about conditioning compliant adult units to function in the economy
and to take the boring factory jobs and to sit at a boring desk and, you know, work for
them until they're 65 and then take the government-issued retirement and just be good worker drones.
That's what the schools are about. And they do a great job of that. Think about it all
day long. What are your kids told? You know, I was thinking about this recently. I was
at church and most of the kids at my church are homeschooled. But one of the kids who's
schooled at a government school and he was doing something, like taking water out of
the water fountain and spraying it around the room or something. And I walked over to
him and I said, excuse me, where are we? Can you tell me what building we're in? Like,
is it appropriate to be spewing the water? Where are we? And he just looked at me like
a deer in the headlights. You know, I wanted to say, well, we're at church. I was going
to say, well, church is probably not a good place to be, you know, doing what you're doing.
But he just looked at me and I realized I've tried several times to just even say hello
or good morning or just have a little chat with this kid. And he never says anything.
He's almost mute. And yet, you know, he can sit there and play his video games. He's got
a little thumb on the machine. And I got to thinking, why is it that kids nowadays, kids
who are government schooled, don't look you in the eye and they can't carry on a conversation
with you? Whereas homeschooled kids do. In fact, that's always the difference. You can
tell the homeschooled kids because they look you in the eye. They can speak. They've got
ideas. They interact. They go back and forth. But the government schooled kids, they just
kind of shrink away and stare at you with these wide-eyed stares or else they just look
at the floor. And I realized, what's the reason? What is the message that they get from the
time they get to class in the morning until the time they leave? Don't talk. Be quiet.
Keep your voice down. Don't talk. Be quiet. All day long, they're told not to talk. So
is it any surprise that we're creating an entire generation, an entire country full
of people who do not know how to even speak, much less speak up against wrongdoing, but
literally even speak at all? I've heard about people going on dates and they're literally
like texting each other across the table from their little handheld devices rather than
having actual conversations. So I think this ties in with this article out of the Wall
Street Journal, the sensor tracking article. They're talking about furniture being outfitted
with RFID receptor devices and also having these RFID devices around people's necks.
This started at Bank of America. By the way, we got a breaking news story. I got to share
this with you really quickly and we're coming up on a break in a moment. But TSA screeners
allow federal agent with fake bomb to pass through security at Newark Airport. That's
breaking news out of the New York Post. We'll be posting that up on Infowars.com and or
Prison Planet. So you get the breaking news right first right here on this radio program.
This is the Alex Jones show, of course. All right. Speaking of sensors, you know, maybe
that's what they're going to do at the airports now. Just outfit everybody with a sensor.
Did you hear the proposal a couple of years ago to actually put cameras onto the seat
backs so they could sit there and watch you on the airplane? Yeah. Well, the only reason
that didn't fly is a lot. Excuse the pun. That didn't fly because the frequent fliers
said, heck no, you know, we're paying hundreds of bucks for these tickets. And that's the
one place where we actually recognize that it's us you're going to be looking at rather
than the terrorist. Well, Bank of America a couple of years ago wanted to study how
people were interacting with one another. So they asked 90 workers to wear these badges,
the same kind of thing they're using at the school down in San Antonio, to wear these
badges with tiny sensors to record their movements. And get this, they could even record their
conversations and their tone of voice in the conversations. My question for you, why the
heck would 90 people agree to do that? If your employer asked you voluntarily to wear
a thing around your neck that would record your conversations? I really hope you'd say
no, thank you. All right, I'm Catherine Albrecht filling in for Alex Jones. And we'll be right
back and checking your phone calls right after this 800-259-9231. Stay tuned.
We're on the march. The Empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
You may be arrested and or subject to other police action.
Tyranny is here. The grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality.
It really says that the state is God. The United States is now recognized globally
as one of the most oppressive police states on earth. This film conclusively proves the
existence of a secret network of FEMA camps now being expanded nationwide. This documentary
exposes how the continuity of government program has established an all-powerful shadow state.
Police state four chronicles the sickening depths to which our republic has fallen. Prepare
to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship, body scammers, sound cameras,
citizen spies, stage terror and cameras on every street corner. It's only the beginning
of the New World Order's hellish plan. The police state isn't coming. It's here. Secure
your copy today at Infowars.com or see it online in the highest quality at prisonplanet.tv.
Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system portable on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139. If you want an
American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal Ben Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These all natural soaps
are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth friendly and
safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Buy
the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what you're
using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs.
This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real
soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a
free catalog. Defending the republic from enemies, born and domestic. It's Alex Jones.
My mother, there's too many of you crying. Brother, brother, brother, there's far too
many of you dying. You know we've got to find a way. To bring some loving here today.
Yeah, what's going on? Catherine Alberts here with you filling in for Alex Jones. This is
the Alex Jones show and delightful being here with you. We're opening up the phone lines
right now and before we do that, I just wanted to make a couple of notes about health. We're
going to be talking about health a little bit in the second hour of today's program,
particularly complementary and alternative ways that you can deal with cancer. One of
the things that's been kind of at the forefront of my life the last couple of years, as I've
discussed on Alex Jones' show and I think Alex was one of the first to break the story,
I actually had stage 3C breast cancer, really nasty, locally advanced breast cancer and
I am so excited because I just began on Wednesday the clinical trial of a new drug called, it's
a mouthful, Tetra Thiomalibdate. This is a drug that's not funded by any pharmaceutical
company. It is cheap enough. You can salt the roads with it. There's not big bucks behind
it but there is the folks at Cornell University, Dr. Linda Vidot is the researcher on this
and I've got to tell you, there's a big story coming out next week in the New York Times
about this. She just published her results in the Annals of Oncology. I am patient number
60 on this phase 2 clinical trial of this drug to prevent recurrence of breast cancer
and I've got to tell you, I think this woman has cured breast cancer because the way this
disease kills you is it comes back. You know, you treat it and it's gone and you're in remission
and then 3, 5, 10, 20 years go by and then if it does come back and metastasizes then
that's all she wrote. Well, the women that she's been treating, stage 4 cancer patients
who normally have less than a two-year lifespan are now six years out with no evidence of
disease whatsoever. It's extraordinary. It's amazing stuff. I've blogged about it on my
blog. If you go to CatherineAlbrecht.com or I know that's hard to spell. You can just
try KMAshow.com. Click on the blog. You can see all the links right there. There are still
spaces. I just spoke to her on Wednesday. She gave me permission to talk about it on
the show before the New York Times article comes out next week. There are still spaces
for a dozen more women on there. The key though is the women have to be stage 3 or stage 4
at high risk of breast cancer recurrence. They have to have no evidence of disease,
in other words, no active tumors and I believe she's taking stage 2 triple negative breast
cancer patients. So you heard it first here. You're going to be hearing it in the New York
Times next week and when that hits, I've got to say I'm so excited. I am patient number
60 on that trial. No side effects as far as we can tell other than preventing the cancer
from coming back. Sounds mighty good to me. All right, I do want to get back to the phone
lines here. I also want to remind you that InfoWars Shop is where you can go to get
all your InfoWars gear and also please make a point of supporting the sponsors here on
this radio program. And finally, speaking of health, Alex is in great health. I in no
way believe that he has taken this week to do anything other than wrestle cactuses with
his bare hands, I think was the email that came in earlier this week. So Alex is in absolutely
fabulous health. I got to visit with him last week and we just want to keep in that way
so I am glad that he is able to get just a little bit of a break. I know it can be a
lot of work running the huge InfoWars empire. So when he comes back, I know he is going
to be tanned, rested and ready to take on the new world order. And I know you guys are
helping him do that, so keep it up. All right, phone lines are open 1-800-259-9231. Let's
go to Noel listening in Illinois. Hello.
Yes, hello. Big fan of your work, Catherine. I was watching the cybersecurity hearing yesterday,
the Senate hearing, and it just got me thinking again knowing that we could be looming on
the last days of freedom on the internet. I am a big fan of StartPage.com. I used it
a lot during my investigative reporting work to look up some documents away from Google.
Any suggestions on, say, email servers or if you are just going to register a website
away from a company like GoDaddy who is pro SOPA and CISPA, or any suggestions or recommendations
for those who are trying to do their best to prevent malicious attacks online, knowing
that websites are tracked? What are ways that we could prevent ourselves online?
You know, it's tough stuff. I have actually done a couple of interviews with the folks
behind Tor, the onion router, which is probably for the really hardcore folks who really want
to restrict their, you know, kind of create a buffer between themselves and the actual
internet. You can also use proxy servers. StartPage has a proxy server built in. A lot
of people don't realize that, that when you search with StartPage, the private search
engine that searches Google for you, but then strips out all the details and erases all
records of your visit that I helped to create, so full disclosure there.
When you use StartPage, among your StartPage search results, if you look at underneath
the results, you'll actually see it says view by xQIC proxy, and if you just want to visit
a website privately, and I frequently do this if I'm visiting like the National Institutes
of Health looking up cancer research, for example, because I don't particularly want
to send them my personal information or pick up one of their tracking cookies, what I'll
do is I'll do the search on StartPage, I'll get the results, and then I'll click view
by xQIC proxy of, you know, let's say NIH.gov, and when that information comes back, it's
been filtered through StartPage. So StartPage goes out, loads the third-party website you
want to see onto the StartPage servers, serves it to you, and then deletes all records that
you've been there.
The Onion Router is similar. I've heard good things, and in fact, my husband had just recently
installed Ghostery on my computer to strip out a lot of the third-party tracking cookies
and other observation. And, you know, one of the key places is your ISP. You know, that's
one of the weak links because your ISP is aware of all the websites that you're visiting
unless they're HTTPS encrypted. So StartPage was actually the first search engine to incorporate
HTTPS or SSL encryption just by default, but it means that your ISP can't observe what
you're doing.
And one of the things I want to encourage StartPage to develop as soon as we get our
private email out there, the alternative to Gmail, is I want to encourage StartPage to
develop a DNS lookup service because the DNS is another place where every website that
you're visiting, it's got to be resolved. They've got to resolve the DNS address, the
IP address, and that's all being recorded as well.
So it's a huge question. We could probably do three hours just on that alone, Noel, but
I would say just keep an eye on what StartPage is doing because we're working on a lot of
those privacy products.
Oh, well, thank you so much. And what was that program you just mentioned about the
cookies? I've been aware about cookies as well. Did you say Ghostery?
Ghostery. Yeah, G-H-O-S-T-E-R-Y, Ghostery. And I haven't sat down. I've been in a whirlwind
lately so I've not sat down to do the full top to bottom review, but my husband has and
he thought it was good enough to put it on our office computers and our home computers.
And it's been kind of cool because I get less garbage. So check that one out too and I'll
keep folks posted on that.
My website, by the way, kmashow.com, these are the kinds of things I talk about on my
radio show. So if you're interested in that kind of information as it crosses my desk,
that's usually where I get it out to folks. So thanks for the call, Noel. I appreciate
your interest.
Let's go to Zach listening in Tennessee. Good afternoon, Zach, or good morning, wherever
you are. Hello.
Yes, ma'am. First of all, I want to start out and say that you do a great job with your
analysis, the way that you're kind of calm like the Hagman's. I think a lot of people
like Alex's style like I do because they're either football players or military, but for
a lot of the women and people who aren't awake yet, I think your style is really good. And
uh, I was going to ask you, yes ma'am. Um, did you hear, uh, Mike Adams a couple of weeks
ago and Alex Jones, he was talking about, you know, it will be amazing if we can even
survive the next 50 years. And then I heard you talking to Alex about Ray Kurzweil. I
didn't know if you saw the, uh, the Sunday, February 24th edition of coast to coast AM,
but he was on there and they were talking about, you know, having these ships that were
the size of blood cells by the time, uh, 2013 or 2030, I'm sorry, rolls around. And so,
I mean, that's only 17 years off. So that kind of correlates with what Mike Adams said
about surviving the next 50 years. And I didn't know what you mean. Yeah, it depends on what
you mean by surviving because I think everybody feels like we're, we're really starting to
move very quickly in a particular direction. And Ray Kurzweil is interesting because his
book, the singularity is, it starts off, even if you don't read the whole book, if you can
just read the first chapter, it starts off talking about what an exponential growth curve
looks like. And for those, for people who aren't mathematically inclined, it essentially
means that for us to double the amount of technology we had back in, I don't know, 5,000
BC took like a thousand years or 3000, whatever, and then to double it, it begins doubling
in shorter and shorter increments of time. So all of the technology, I'm making these
numbers up, but like between 1800 and 1900, you had a doubling. And now you're having
this doubling literally within a matter of weeks or even days where we are absolutely
at this exponential fast pace. And his, his, um, whole theory here about the singularity
is that it is going to begin increasing at a rate that we humanly can't keep track of
and that we will actually have to incorporate the computer network inside of our own brains
or chips in our brains to even keep track of the pace of technological change. And that
at some point you talk about survival, at some point we will dump what he refers to,
you know, you know, paraphrase here, but basically these meat packages that we walk around in
called bodies and we will upload ourselves into this gigantic, a virtual matrix that's
this computer network. And once we're in that, it won't matter if the earth becomes too polluted
to live on because we will all just be bits and bytes in some vast giant computerized
brain. Now, what I think is so interesting about that is that it pretty much does correspond
to what the Bible talks about as well in the book of Revelation, that there's going to
be a time when everything is going to become numerical. We're going to have these numbers
in our right hands or our foreheads. And when we take that, or when we bow down to that,
when we become a part of that, when we worship that, that that's pretty much all she wrote.
At least in terms of, you know, your ability to ever come in contact with God, to say the
least. And I think the two are one in the same. I really do. I believe that this whole
notion of uploading yourself for safekeeping or immortality into the computer system is
going to be a form of handing your soul, literally removing your soul from your body and handing
it over to this thing we're building. And the thing we're building, I think, as I mentioned
on Alex's show last week, I think what we're building is the body of the beast. I think
we're actually building the thing that this dark spirit is going to inhabit. So yeah,
the future, I don't know. You know, people say, is it coming tomorrow? When's it all
going to end? And I say, we really don't know. You know, we don't. It could be thousands
of years, it could be, you know, a handful of years. But I will say this, we are the
first generation to ever live on planet Earth that has the ability to implement the mark
of the beast. And that's happened since I became an activist in 1999. I've watched it
happen just in the last 12, 13 years that we have that ability. So it's it's happening
really quickly. I'm with you there.
The way he was trying to sell it is that your brain can only take in like you said, like
300 million items of information. And after that, you have to archive and dismiss it.
So he was basically saying that by, you know, taking these blood size or blood cell size
chips that, you know, like you said, it's just like if you rewatch the Matrix, how they
upload into the Matrix and get all these programs and software. But if you look at the Matrix,
at that point, are you even human anymore? You know, Ray Kurzweil, and there's another
guy named Peter Cochrane, C-O-C-H-R-A-N-E. He wrote, he has a blog, he's with British
Telecom, he's kind of the Ray Kurzweil of England. And he actually wrote this really
creepy blog entry that talks about how when his dad died, that he would have given anything.
And you know, anytime you say I'd give anything, cue the dark music, right? He said he would
give anything to remain in contact with that consciousness that was his father. And, you
know, once you start talking about trying to revive the dead or stay in contact with
the dead, then you open yourself up to all kinds of disturbing things. And what he, in
this article talks about, is how we will all become one single unified consciousness across
not just the globe, but the universe. And then we will travel out into the universe
looking for host bodies to inhabit. Now, this is not a religious guy, this is a technologist.
So this whole idea that your brain can't contain it all, or your body can't even contain your
own brain, that you're going to have to get out there and become sort of at one with this
global entity, or this universal entity, this universal consciousness. And it all ties in
with the Age of Aquarius people and the New Age people, we're all going to have some kind
of enlightenment, there's going to be some event, and we're all going to come together.
And that sounds really beautiful when you're thinking about, you know, ending war and world
peace and such, but it starts sounding really scary when you start talking when you actually
look at what the technologists are saying they want to do. And just for people who aren't
aware, Ray Kurzweil is now the director of engineering for Google. So these crazy ideas
that I'm talking about, even this Peter Cochrane guy, you know, he is the technologist for
British Telecom or was for many years. These are not bizarre out there philosophers, you
know, it's not David Icke making these statements. And I don't mean to imply he's bizarre, otherwise
make your own opinions on that. But, you know, he's more of a thinker of what's the future
going to look like. These other guys are technologists with their hands actually on the power to
implement it through Google and elsewhere. So Zach, you know, take a look at Google Glass,
this idea of a pair of glasses that you're just going to wear that will filter all of
your experiences up into the cloud as you experience them. We're already there. You
know, it's happening as we go. Hey, listen, I appreciate the call. Thanks for getting
me off into some of that futuristic stuff, because it's really relevant. And we all feel
it. All right, let's go to Dave listening in Arizona. Hi, Dave.
Oh, hi, Catherine. Thank you for having me on. Are you still there? Yeah, thanks. Appreciate
the call. Go ahead. Okay. Okay, good. Well, I'm going to hit you with a shocker. And then
I'm going to tell you the solution. The shocker is, I believe, the mark of the beast has already
implemented it. And, for example, I'm going to ask you a question here. Do you know the
four ways that we can be marked in order that we will have to be able to buy and sell? Well,
there's one I'm going to I'm going to jump in here before you get into that and tell
you that there is one key component of the mark of the beast, which is a worship component,
that when you read and let me tell everybody where it is the last book of the Bible revelation,
you can remember the unlucky number 13. So it's in chapter 13. It's the last three verses
in chapter 13. So go to the end of the Bible and then go to the end of chapter 13. And
it talks about a time when all people great and small, rich and poor, free and bond or
imprisoned or enslaved will be caused to have a number on their right hand or their forehead,
without which they cannot buy and sell. And then in order to receive that they will have
to worship the beast or his image. So Dave, I know lots of people call contact me and
they say, well, it's Sunday worship. That's the seven day Adventist. Lots of people say,
well, it's you know, being Catholic or whatever, there's a million different explanations.
But I would have to ask you whatever it is that you're taking a number to do. It's not
involving worship, at least not yet. I don't know anybody bowing the knee and making a
prayer before receiving these numbers. Would you agree?
Okay, well, okay, let me finish this now. Okay, if you go to Deuteronomy, the Lord asked
his people to put his commandments in their frontlets, which is between the eyes, it's
in the pineal gland. And he also said, bear them as a sign upon mine hand. What that means
is, we know the Ten Commandments, right? And we do the Ten Commandments, so that people
can see us following the Ten Commandments when, when we when we do something that would
that we obey God.
I'm trying to check this in. And we're about to come up on a break here in just a second.
So I wanted to give you a chance. How does this tie in with the mark?
I would love Okay, the mark of the beast is we also have to have the name or the number.
Okay, do you say that you are a US citizen on your taxes? No worship there, Dave. That's
that's where Well, I'll tell you what, drop me an email KMA at spy chips calm. I'd love
to talk to you further about this. Drop me an email. That's the best way to reach me
or call into my show. All right, we'll be right back with more of your calls. Stay tuned.
If you're listening, you know, your basic freedoms are being threatened every day. If
you're listening, you know, the economy is not getting better. You know, gas and food
prices are skyrocketing. Now is the time to get prepared. For years we've told you about
our friends at E foods direct they have the best tasting long term storable food on the
planet. This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long
term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing
you need most be prepared and get your supply from E foods direct right now is the best
time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give
yourself peace of mind and be prepared act now and call 804-095633 or visit e foods direct.com
slash Alex get free shipping on all orders for a limited time call 804-095633 or go to
e foods direct.com slash Alex, you can bet your life on E foods direct. Is this the year
you finally get serious about your family's drinking water? If so keep listening for a
special offer from big Berkey water filters. Did you know that over 60% of municipal water
is fluoridated? Berkey water filters distinguish themselves from many other filtration systems
with the capability to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine, fluoride, arsenic and
disinfection byproducts from municipal water via the black Berkey and PF line of filters.
Then there's affordability at only 1.7 cents per gallon. Berkey water filters purified
treated and untreated water even stagnant pond water. Stop and think how much money
you could save by simply reducing buying bottled water and using water filtered by your Berkey
water filter. No need to be constantly replacing expensive filters with a Berkey. A single
set of filters can last for five to 10 years. Choose the best size Berkey for your needs
at big Berkey water filters.com. And right now all GCN listeners get 5% off all ceramic
filter systems. Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY. That's 877-99-BERKEY or visit big Berkey
water filters.com. Free shipping on every order over $50. Big Berkey water filters for
the love of clean water.
This is Unstorable Food, Non-GMO Seeds, Water Filtration Devices, Home Canning Equipment,
Survival and Self-Reliance Books and more at MyPatriotSupply.com. Call 866-229-0927.
We are hurting down here and we need help immediately. Before it's time to survive,
it's time to prepare. MyPatriotSupply.com. MyPatriotSupply.com.
MyPatriotSupply.com.
MyPatriotSupply.com.
MyPatriotSupply.com.
MyPatriotSupply.com.
MyPatriotSupply.com.
MyPatriotSupply.com.
MyPatriotSupply.com.
MyPatriotSupply.com.
MyPatriotSupply.com.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system,
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're
sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's
a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to GetSimplySafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power, so even if the grid
goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed. GetSimplySafe.com. SimpliSafe is also ridiculously
easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger into
your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever
you go. You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com.
It is the Alex Jones show. I'm your guest host, Dr. Catherine Albrecht. So glad to be
here with you. Alex is out, I don't know, wrestling wild boars with pen knives, shooting
off his.50 caliber rifle. I don't know how he's blowing off steam, but I'm glad he's
getting a little bit of a break. He will be back with you again first thing Monday morning,
leading the resistance yet again. Tan rested and ready. He is in great shape, reporting
in, saying he's having a blast out there doing whatever it is he's doing while we hold the
fort down for his return. All right, we do have a full bank of phone calls, and before
we get into our topic of this hour, I do want to see if we can bring just a couple of them
up. Callers, do me a favor and see if you can get to your point quickly. Let's go to
Chris listening in New Mexico. Hey, Chris.
Hello, Catherine.
Hi there. What's on your mind?
Yes. Yeah, I just wanted to hopefully attempt to dispel a persistent myth in reference to
the 2 billion rounds of ammunition purchased by DHS.
All right.
While it is, of course, concerning that they purchased that quantity, I wanted to just
basically explain that from since before September 11, DHS, as well as what was previously INS
and some other agencies, do indeed use hollow point rounds for target practice.
Is this where they're shooting at the kids and the grandmas in the target practice?
Yeah, I think that's for a recent thing.
That was a little creepy. Yeah.
Let me ask you this. Let me ask you this, Chris, and I don't know if you work for DHS
or where you have this information, but what is it that DHS needs to be shooting at?
I ask you what if they're out there doing target practice with hollow point bullets?
First of all, those those suckers are not things you would ever want to aim at a human being
unless you were really up against a pretty hardcore enemy.
What are they looking at? Billions?
This is enough ammunition to kill every single one of us in America multiple times over.
You can't even shoot that much ammo at a target.
So who's the enemy that they're going to need to shoot with this stuff?
Correct. Yeah, like I said, it is it is most definitely a concern of the quantity that they're purchasing.
But in most law enforcement circles, as law enforcement officers will explain,
hollow point rounds are designed to not go through the target and hit a second innocent bystander.
They're designed to break up and flower out into the target.
That is why they don't allow agents to use the full metal jacket target rounds
because they're afraid that upon leaving the range, and I'm sure it had happened before,
before they change its policy.
Like I said, it's been over 13 years now that going home on your way home
or maybe later on in the future get into an incident and you forget to have switched out your rounds
for the hollow point, you get into a situation, you end up firing those full metal jackets
and they go through the person you're shooting and, you know, kill the person behind them.
My gosh, though, you know, you take a look at what happened in Tiananmen Square
because that's the last time I'm aware of hollow point bullets being used against civilians
and the Chinese military actually shot their own, you know, perfectly peaceful protesters
in the back with hollow point bullets.
You can actually do a star page search on it and see photographs of what a human body looks like
when it's been blasted with a hollow point bullet.
So I'm not a big fan of people walking around with those things in the chamber.
I just, you know, the whole concept of that is a little bit mortifying.
And I won't even say a little bit, we've got now the CIA chief, we've got the attorney general
really struggling to even make the point that our own military is not allowed to just kill us in cold blood
without any kind of due process in our own country.
So thank you for the insight there, but I got to tell you, I just find the whole thing super creepy.
All right, let's see, we got, I want to apologize to Ryan, Dan and Scarfi.
It looks like we're probably not going to get to all of these phone calls just because we're coming up on a break here.
This is the very short segment as we go into the second hour of the program.
I want to let you know that my guest this hour is going to be John Saleen.
We're going to be talking about complementary treatments that can help you get through cancer treatment
and more, boost your immune system, keep you healthy.
And believe me, I know of what I speak because I've been down that road before.
All right, this is the Alex Jones Show.
I'm your host, guest host, Catherine Albrecht.
Stay tuned, we'll be right back.
Now there are hundreds of great products at Infowarsteam.com,
but I want to point out the three that have helped me lose 37 pounds in just two months.
Products like Beyond Tangy Tangerine, Pollen Burst, and Rebound.
When I started taking the Tangy Tangerine and other products every day, I lost more than 37 pounds in just two months.
Now that's results.
I want to challenge my listeners to go to Infowarsteam.com and to order just three of their products.
And you will see the changes in the way you look, feel, and in your appetite almost immediately.
Start your journey to health and wellness today.
Infowarsteam.com.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our immunity and health.
At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection of silver-based products.
Our most popular silver-based products are the 32-ounce nano silver solutions,
our 2-ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well as our all-natural silver soaps.
Just released is our 100% natural silver gel.
Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface.
But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin-nourishing chemistry of aloe vera
to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more effectively.
Visit www.SilverLungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver-based products are best for you.
That's www.SilverLungs.com.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day.
If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better.
You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared.
For years, we've told you about our friends at e Foods Direct.
They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food on the planet.
This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight.
A long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from e Foods Direct.
Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies.
Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared.
Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
Alex, you can bet your life on e Foods Direct.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups.
You want answers? Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Hey, it is Friday, folks. Heading into a weekend. Can't wait.
Yeah, it's been a long week. Lots of stuff going on this week.
Lots of stuff going on. I don't know, just kind of swirling all around you, isn't it?
You blink and 50 stories go right on past you.
Yeah, the big news, well, we've got so much big news.
My hat is off this week to Rand Paul.
You know, a good old-fashioned filibuster.
What do you get up there and talk 13 hours about drones?
It's about time.
Do you even think that that hearing would have had,
do you think any of the mainstream media would have even covered the issue
of drones being able to kill people on American soil,
kill American citizens without due process if it hadn't been for him standing up and doing that?
You know, I know a lot of folks, myself included,
have given Rand Paul a really hard time because he's not Ron Paul.
But I will say, you know, hats off, well done.
So on my show, I do good news Friday, every Friday.
That's one of the things I'm going to be talking about this afternoon on my show.
By the way, my website, if you want to check out my radio show, is kmashow.com.
All right, well, let me give you just a little bit of background about this hour's guest.
Joining me this hour, John Salene, he is an expert on mushrooms,
and they're used for medicinal purposes.
And I've taken a lot of flack over the last couple of years since I was diagnosed with breast cancer
for doing the conventional treatment and also for doing complementary treatment.
Let me explain what I mean.
When I was diagnosed with breast cancer, I found a lump in my breast the size of a chicken's egg.
Literally, like, you know, you open up the dozen eggs, that's how big this lump was.
Don't ask me how I didn't find it before.
I could kick myself a thousand times over that I didn't.
But I'd never had a mammogram, wasn't old enough to qualify for the average screening.
And by the time I found it, it was a big moment of, holy cow.
Now, I've always been Ms. Alternative, Ms. Natural.
I do not eat hydrogenated anything.
I avoid soy and everything GMO.
I am about as clean of an eater and as clean of a liver.
I probably have a clean liver too, but I live well.
And really try to avoid all things processed and all things nasty.
Nevertheless, I develop breast cancer.
And I've got some family history.
My aunt unfortunately passed away from it.
My mother's aunt and possibly my mother's grandmother also passed away from breast cancer.
So I was probably in the crosshairs without even realizing it.
But when I developed breast cancer, the question I had to ask myself is, okay, now what?
And it's the question everybody, one in three of us, by the way, is going to get cancer.
So if you're fortunate enough not to have experienced this, I absolutely pray that you never do.
But I'm betting that you either know somebody or will know somebody who's going to go down this road
because one in three of us is getting it.
One in eight women is getting breast cancer nowadays.
So as I had to make the decision, what am I going to do, basically I had competing things from both sides.
I live and work in this alternative media world myself.
And I'd always heard, well, don't cut, burn and poison the cancer.
You've got to instead do all these natural things to build yourself up.
Long story short, I took a month and I lived about as clean as a human being can live.
I lived on raw, natural, organic juices, celery juice and carrot juice.
We bought a juicer.
I did hypnosis.
I did prayer.
I meditated.
I did relaxation.
I did massages.
I did every possible thing a human being can possibly do.
I took every supplement that's known to reduce cancer.
And then I paid $700 to go back in and have this huge tumor reevaluated to see if it had shrunk.
Well, not only had it not shrunk, it may have even grown a little bit.
And it was at that point I said, you know what, I can't mess around with this
because if it hasn't already metastasized, it's right on the edge of doing so because it's huge.
I've got to get it out.
So long story short, I did two years of very aggressive conventional therapy.
But now here's where I get all the grief.
Well, you shouldn't have done that.
You should have alkalized your body or you should have done, you know,
fill in the blank alternative natural treatment in Mexico or Tijuana clinic, this and that.
My aunt did that and she died.
She did all natural, you know, kombucha and garlic and she had this guru
and she did what the guru said and it didn't work.
And in many cases, it doesn't work.
Well, I didn't want to be a statistic.
And when I looked at my stats, my chances of surviving this cancer without conventional treatment
were less than 1%.
It was 0.8% that I would still be alive and kicking in 10 years.
All right, those statistics got my attention.
And if there's one thing I know how to do, it's research.
Just to write the book Spy Chips, our expose on RFID, my co-author Liz and I,
we went through 30,000 documents to write that book, Spy Chips.
By the way, if you haven't read it, get a copy out of your library and sit down with it
because it's stuff you need to know.
But if I could read 30,000 documents to write a book on RFID,
you better believe I could sit down and read way more than that in order to save my own life.
So I did.
And what I came up with is a new way or a different way of navigating this whole cancer experience,
which is taking the best of both worlds.
So at the same time, I'm getting flack from all my listeners.
Catherine, how could you possibly do chemo?
At the same time I was getting that, my oncologist was giving me grief
because I was complimentary, I was adding in all of the resveratrol and the curcumin
and the Hawthorne for heart function and acetylcholine for neuropathy and you name it.
So I take between 30 and 40 pills a day of complimentary herbs and other supplements
in order to make sure that I never see this beast again.
Now, both sides are at war.
The conventional oncologist wants nothing to do with all of my herbal supplements
and all the alternative people want nothing to do with all the information
that I've gleaned about radiation and chemotherapy.
And I believe that we need to have a better merging of those two.
All right, well, joining me this hour is John Saline of Mushroom Science.
He is, when my husband was trying to figure out why my white blood cell counts were dropping so low after chemo,
my wonderful husband went online and did some research and he discovered that over in Japan,
they have taken a purified form of Coriolis mushroom, they have purified it
and extracted it into something that they literally hang in the chemo center in an IV bag
and administer to patients to keep their white blood cell count from dropping.
And that is how I wound up discovering the whole thing about mushrooms and discovering John Saline.
And with no further ado, let me go ahead and welcome John Saline to the program.
Hello, John.
Hi, Catherine. How are you doing?
Hey, it is great to have you here with me.
So I know that was kind of a lengthy introduction here, but I got to tell you,
ever since I found the Coriolis when I was going through this more treatment than my oncologist has ever given to anyone,
she told me, is I was going through that.
One of the key problems that you have when you do the conventional therapy, it's hard on the body.
And one of the ways it's hard is the white blood cell count.
So talk to us about what they've discovered over in Japan with the PSK.
Well, Japan's medical system is really different than ours.
They have a long tradition of herbal medicine, and China, Japan, Korea,
they have allowed their herbal medicine to co-evolve with the advent of allopathic or modern medicine,
surgery and pharmaceuticals, you know, that kind of approach.
And, boy, it was back in the 60s when a chemist for Korea incorporated a pharmaceutical company.
His neighbor was basically sent home to die.
He had stomach cancer, and they said,
well, we've done what we can do, though, get your affairs in order.
So this guy, his neighbor was running all over the neighborhood,
picking a certain mushroom and making tea out of it and drinking it.
Lo and behold, he got better.
So the chemist, you know, it took a while, but convinced his boss,
the people above him, like, hey, we need to take a look at this.
And, well, they started researching it and researching other mushrooms as well,
what they referred to as medicinal or tonic, that delivered tonic benefits
as defined in Chinese and Japanese herbals.
And they found that these mushrooms have polysaccharides in their cell walls,
and these polysaccharides contain beta-glucans.
And they can't, because your white blood cells are basically your cellular immune system.
Right, so the white blood cells are the immune cells that come out and attack the foreign invaders.
And in the case of cancer, right, against pathogens, viruses and bacteria,
but also against cancer cells as well.
Well, what it is, I mean, you know, it's always important to have a healthy immune system.
Absolutely.
More so than when you're dealing with a serious issue like you are.
And we have immune cells.
They don't really know why.
I mean, they know how it works.
That's not exactly why it works.
We have immune cells that are hardwired to respond to these beta-glucans.
And this is what I find so interesting, that the reason the mushrooms work,
and it took me a while to really understand all of this with your help,
is that when you eat the hot water extract of these mushrooms, the polysaccharides,
which are little molecules and the beta-glucans inside of there,
they have a particular shape, if I have this understood correctly.
Yes, basically a physical trigger.
What they're called is a pathogen-associated molecular pattern.
Now, that sounds kind of spooky, but, you know,
your nonspecific immune response has to very quickly,
it casts a wide net and has to very quickly look at something.
Does that belong here?
Yes or no?
Is it a threat?
Yes or no?
And then respond accordingly.
So just to summarize this, when you take in one of these beta-glucans,
one of the polysaccharides or the little natural sugars that occur in these mushrooms,
the body says, holy cow, this is a pathogen.
It looks like a pathogen because of the shape of it.
So the immune cells then get stimulated.
They start pouring out of the bone marrow and try to attack these little mushroom cells.
But when they get there, they take a look and go, wait a minute, this isn't a pathogen.
This is just a piece of food.
And now that we're here, now that we've created this huge army, what else can we attack?
The whole key is that the response created is effective against all pathogens.
Well, that's the thing I personally experienced.
I want to let listeners know exactly how this benefits cancer patients
going through chemotherapy when we come back.
This is the Alex Jones Show.
I'm your host, Catherine Albrecht,
visiting with John Salim talking mushrooms. More in a moment.
Dried food, water filters and purifiers, gas masks, solar and crank radios,
solar generators, ammo, knives, stun guns, pepper sprays, hats and bags,
fire starters, a library of books, and a whole lot more.
Get free same-day shipping on all orders over $75.
Enter promo code radio at checkout and receive an additional 5% discount
off our already lowest in the industry prices.
Offthegrid.com, proud to stand shoulder to shoulder with you
as we protect our Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic.
Amino acids are the building blocks of proteins.
Amino acids have to be delivered to your body in the shape that nature gave them
if they are to be used to create new proteins in your body.
Just like a bricklayer cannot use bent or twisted bricks to build a brick wall,
so, too, your body cannot use bent or twisted amino acids to build new proteins.
Giving your body an undamaged amino acid food can make a huge difference in your health.
One World Whey is an undamaged amino acid food unlike any other.
You see, heating bends and twists amino acids and all whey protein powders
we've investigated and most proteins you consume are heated.
With our true cool process, you now have a choice with One World Whey.
My name is Daniel. I'm 34 years old.
When I started using One World Whey, I weighed 228 pounds.
Now, after two and a half months, I weigh 182 pounds.
This is my ideal weight.
I've noticed an increase in stamina, rate of recovery from workouts,
and an increase in my potency.
Call 888-988-3325 or visit OneWorldWhey.com.
Now there's an amazing new natural antibiotic every person must have.
It's Cells Alive Silver Solution, and it destroys over 650 hard-to-kill viruses,
fungus, bacteria, and much more.
Cells Alive Silver Solution has no expiration date,
is great for emergency kits and storage shelters,
and comes in 8- or 16-ounce bottles.
Order today at 888-910-4367 or visit HempUSA.org.
HempUSA.org, 100% chemical-free superfoods and unique health products.
We the people grow cotton, wheat fabric,
engraving embed strips and fibers to protect from counterfeit,
then carting to a private bank, having it led back at interest,
forcing taxes to service debt.
This capitalism, or was Jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing
the public currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than a standing army?
Hi, Ted Anderson, I'm placing a free silver dollar in a book that explains our monetary system.
Call for your copy, 800-686-2237.
It's time to understand the system.
Call 800-686-2237, that's 800-686-2237.
Hey there, my name is Frank Bates.
Do you know the number one most valuable item in a crisis?
Some people think the answer is gold, others think it's a gun,
but the correct answer will shock you.
I just created a free video at crisis123.com
that reveals a surprising item that is more valuable than gold in a crisis.
97% of Americans don't have this one critical item.
In fact, I haven't even given it a thought.
And the sad truth is that you may not survive without it when a real crisis hits
and a starving mob is right outside your door.
What I have to tell you could literally make the difference between life and death for you and your family.
Watch my video at crisis123.com to discover the number one most valuable item in a crisis.
You'll be shocked.
See the controversial video that thousands of other smart patriots have already seen in the last three months.
Go watch my video now at crisis123.com before they force me to shut it down.
Again, that's crisis123.com.
Think about the woman, the girl you knew the night before.
But your thoughts will soon be wanted, the way they always do.
When you're riding 16 hours, there's nothing much to do.
And you don't feel much like riding.
You just wish the truth was true.
Hey, we're back.
It's the Alex Jones Show.
Catherine Alberts here riding shotgun with you till the end of the day.
It is Good News Friday and we're talking this hour about an inexpensive alternative to those $3,000 new Lasta shots
or Neupogen shots.
If you know what I'm talking about,
anybody out there, I certainly went through this.
When they give you chemotherapy, let me just give you the background as to why this is so important.
When they give you chemo, the chemo works by destroying fast dividing cells.
And cancer cells, the reason they are cancer cells is because they're multiplying and dividing rapidly out of control.
So what the chemo does is it goes in and it makes that cell division process not work.
So any cells that are in the process of dividing as the chemo goes through the body,
the couple of hours that it's active, those cells will die.
That's why women lose their hair.
It's one of the reasons why you have the nausea and some of the side effects of chemotherapy,
which they've gotten really good at mitigating, by the way.
But that's how chemotherapy destroys cancerous tumors because they are fast replicating.
That's how you get a tumor.
It's something that's grow, grow, grow, grow, grow until it's big enough to be some huge lump that then takes out your bodily function.
So in this process, unfortunately, one of the sets of cells that is continually dividing are your white blood cells inside of your bone marrow.
And as they're dividing to create your immune system, then the chemo goes in and blasts them out.
And so one of the side effects of chemotherapy is a drop in your white blood cell count.
It's called neutropenia.
And so every time that I would have a chemotherapy treatment, which I believe absolutely saved my life,
every time I would have that life-saving treatment, the downside would be my immune function would drop through the floor.
I wound up with colds and flus and infections and strap infections bursting out of my skin.
It was a nightmare because every pathogen that came down the pike, I was susceptible to it because I didn't have the white blood cells.
So what they do at the chemo center is they send you in for a $3,000 shot called either Neulasto or Neupogen.
This $3,000 shot, you have to go in 72 hours or 48, 72 hours after your chemo treatment.
They give you this $3,000 shot.
And by the way, not all women's insurance will even cover this.
When they give you the shot, it's super painful going in.
And then you have to take pain pills because it forces the bone marrow to produce the white blood cells.
It's extremely painful.
It's like the worst cramps you can ever imagine in your arm, especially in your legs.
That's where you've got the long bone marrow.
So that is the standard way that we do it here in the U.S.
It's costing a fortune.
Take every patient who's receiving chemotherapy, multiply it out by four or eight treatments,
and then multiply that out by all of the people who have cancer,
and you can only imagine the amount of money being spent on this.
Well, in Japan, as we were discussing with John Saline of Mushroom Science, in Japan they don't do that.
They give people right in the chemo center, in the IV bag, something called PSK.
That's P as in Peter, S as in Sam, K as in Catherine.
PSK, which is nothing more than a purified extract of Coriolis mushroom.
It's got the polysaccharides that we're talking about.
It's got the shape that triggers the immune system naturally on its own to stimulate those cells
to begin pouring out of the bone marrow and then go after what it needs to go after.
Long story short, in my case, I did the new last two shots for the first couple of times,
and in several cases it wasn't even working.
It wasn't bringing my blood cell count up to where it needed to be.
My husband went online.
He discovered that there's only one company on the planet, essentially, that makes the right form of this,
the hot water extract.
That company is called Mushroom Science.
He discovered that the Coriolis mushroom, I'll spell it for you, C-O-R-I-O-L-U-S,
Coriolis mushroom is the over-the-counter, you-can-just-buy-it-yourself version of PSK.
So he bought it.
He went to Mushroom Science.
I think it's like buy five, get one free, I think, and bought a case of it.
I started taking it, and sure enough, the next time I went in for my white blood cell count test,
which they always do right before your next chemo, it was normal.
Not only not low, but normal, and not at the low end of normal either, right in the center of normal.
And I never again had that neutropenia problem.
So that's what enabled me to get through chemo and to not have to end the life-saving treatment
because I was able to support my immune system through the process.
So you put all that together, it's extraordinary.
Mushroom Science, and by the way, I blogged about this,
and there's a link on my website at kmashow.com if you click on the blog.
Stay tuned.
We'll be right back and take your phone calls.
We're on the march.
The empire's on the run.
I'm Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial law
have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons.
But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria,
viruses, moles, and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life,
making it the number one choice of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared,
go to SupernaturalSilver.com.
Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order.
And like us on Facebook.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans,
here is the Cal-Ben Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth-friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one- to two-month sample package
and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what you're using now.
Or save big with a one- to two-year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers.
The prognosis for the entire planetary economic system runs from bad to worse.
The globalist model is to shut down societies
and starve patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover.
That's why we've assembled the most vital and important preparedness items at Infowarshop.com.
These are items that I did research on, that I personally use.
We've got the LifeStraw so you can turn fetid water into safe water anywhere you go.
The Ktor Hand Crank Generator to charge up key equipment during power outages or out in the field.
Strategic Relocation 3rd Edition by Joel Skousen.
When Disaster Strikes by Matthew Stein.
TheraSafe used by Homeland Security to protect yourself during any radiological event.
Hand Crank Shortwave AM-FM radios.
Everything that we've researched and found to be the best is available at Infowarshop.com.
And your purchase makes our Infowarshop possible.
We're getting prepared. Are you? Infowarshop.com.
He aligns himself with the truth.
And it's time for you to choose a side.
You are listening to Alex Jones.
You are listening to the Alex Jones Show.
Catherine Albrecht filling in for Alex.
The only thing I know about his undisclosed location, he's out on the coast.
So I'm not sure if he's fishing or maybe bringing in some shrimp, some snapper.
I know he's having a great time, though.
He wanted us to let you all know that, that he's having a wonderful time.
And he has been checking in periodically through video.
You know, I keep saying, Alex, take a break.
Take a break, but you know he won't.
All right. Well, it is going to be good when he's back in the driver's seat next week,
piloting the information war that's going on right now.
Infowars.com is the website.
I want to remind you that at Infowarshop you can get gear, that's shirts, hats, and more.
You can also save 10% off on a number of products, including, I believe, the Propure water filters.
There's some kind of a coupon on there for Propure.
Check it out because clean water is one of the key things that you can do for your health.
E-Foods Direct, clearly, we need to be able to continue to feed our families
in the event of some kind of FEMA emergency or outage.
And E-Foods Direct is the place to go for that.
Yengeviti also, a whole host of health and wellness products available there.
And we're talking this hour about PSK, or the over-the-counter version of this.
This is Coriolis mushroom.
Super amazing stuff.
You know, I'm kind of wearing it on my sleeve, Bible-believing Christian.
And I have to say, God has provided just about every possible thing we could need on this planet.
It's just a question of figuring out what it all is.
And the mushrooms, you know, they're out there.
And they're available.
And they have this incredible effect on the human body.
And it's positive.
They stimulate that immune system, which enables you to get through chemotherapy.
Or even if you're not going through chemo, if you're falling prey to every infection that comes down the pike,
if during flu season you find that you're continually run down,
that you're the only person in the office or in the classroom who winds up getting sick,
you can boost your immune system with Coriolis.
It really does work.
And I'm living proof.
See, most people, you kind of have to take it on faith.
But I have the actual blood test results of when I was taking it and when I wasn't taking it.
And it essentially saved me because it enabled me to get through all of my chemotherapy treatments
without having this awful drop in white blood cell count.
I want to get back to John-Celine here in a moment.
I also want to let you know that if you are a cancer patient
or if you know a cancer patient who's going through this process,
everybody always contacts me, how do I get it?
How do I get it?
I have linked it on my website, on my blog, actually, at KMAShow,
or just my name, Catherine Albrecht.
Or you can go straight to mushroomscience.com.
And if you use the coupon code Catherine, which is, I believe it's built into my site at KMAShow.com,
if you click the link of the Mushroom Science Coriolis box,
but you can also just type it in, K-A-T-H-E-R-I-N-E.
If you use the coupon code with a purchase, only if you make a purchase,
you will actually, I think, John, you're sending people a book?
Do you have a mushroom book that you're sending out?
Yeah, a free book by Dr. Mark Stengler.
It's The Health Benefits of Medicinal Mushrooms.
Very good book.
So let's, and I want to get into that.
Let me open up the phone lines, and then I want to get into some of the other health benefits
because for me it's been really Coriolis and Maitake.
And I take the Maitake every day because of a lot of the research out there showing
that it's just a good thing for cancer survivors to be on anyway.
So you're kind of my expert.
I've been kind of sitting at your feet here for the last couple of years learning about this.
Phone lines 1-800-259-9231.
And John, give us a sense.
So when you talk about this book that people get free with a purchase,
what is the information in the book that people need to know?
What are some of the high points of the medicinal impact of mushrooms?
Probably one of the most important points that Dr. Stengler makes
is how to choose a properly manufactured mushroom supplement.
Unfortunately in the U.S., a vast majority of the mushroom supplements on the market
are not extracted and they're just not good at work.
So he teaches you what to look for on the label, which is really quite simple but very essential.
He gives you examples, literal examples of what you want to see on the supplement facts.
That's the one part of the bottle every company must, by law, tell the truth.
And the key here is hot water extract, is that correct?
That's the key that makes your product different.
Yeah, or just the word extracted.
And you want to see the percentage of polysaccharides.
We've known how to test for polysaccharides for half a century,
how to measure them, quantify them, test for them.
At our company we have our own lab where we have all the analytical chemistry tools to do that.
And there's no good reason to leave that information off the label.
I mean, you have to know it to control your manufacturing process.
So every company should know the percentage of polysaccharides in their product.
If they're not telling you the percentage, it's not an extract and it's not something you want to use.
Well, and let me get into that because one of the questions people ask is,
well, hang on a second, can I just buy this and eat it?
And the answer is you're probably not going to find Coriolis out there in your local Whole Foods.
It's the texture of wood.
I mean, I suppose if you put it in the crock pot for a couple of weeks,
you might get it down to a point where you could chew it.
But we're using 20 to 25 kilos of dried mushrooms to concentrate down to one kilo of a dehydrated extract.
So, I mean, our extraction facility is basically a giant teapot, but at the end of the line,
we convert it to a powder.
Too expensive to sell as a liquid.
There is one good liquid mushroom supplement on the market, which we sell at our website, Maitake Gold.
That's the one I take.
Yeah, that is the one that I take.
Well, let me explain this because I'm actually a member of the Mycological Society of Boston,
so I'm a long-time mushroomer.
My husband and I have studied mushrooms for years,
and I never realized that they'd be one of the things saving my life.
But the thing people need to understand about mushrooms is that the fruit of the mushroom,
the thing that you actually eat or make a tea out of or that you see growing above the ground,
is just a visible fruit, almost like the apples on a tree,
that underneath there, the real mushroom organism is the mycelium.
It's the thready, it's like these long, thin threads,
and that's really the organism that lives year-round and lives under the ground
and pops up periodically, these fruits.
So you can pick all the mushrooms you want and not kill the mushroom plant, quote, unquote,
or the mushroom mycelium without killing the fungus.
But the problem with some of the other products out there,
and I know on Coast to Coast recently there was a guy on talking about Coriolis,
and you and I were both cringing because a lot of these Coriolis supplements,
I know that mushroom science is the only one that's the hot water extract,
but some of these other supplements don't even give you the mushroom,
they give you the mycelial mass, which does not contain the polysaccharides.
So how can they get away with claiming that?
The mycelium does contain the polysaccharides,
but those products, when they grow the mycelium on rice, number one, it's still 65% rice.
So only a third of the product roughly is mycelium.
But if it's not extracted, the cell walls are made of kite,
and that thing is a lobster shell, but you know how tough those are.
Our body can't break it down, you know.
And universally, every traditional herbal practice that has used mushrooms medicinally,
when they want the medicine, they throw it at the teapot.
Every study ever published, including all the data on PSK,
also hot water extracted for that very reason.
It's not that often that you get absolute consensus
between thousands of years of herbal practice
and every scientific study ever done on a particular subject.
But here you have it.
Right, so, and this is the research that my husband did.
He's also the wonderful genius who found the tetra thioma lib-date trial,
the Cornell trial that I just began,
that's doing copper depletion to prevent a recurrence.
So both of these things I have to say I owe to my husband
because he went out there and did the hardcore research,
especially the mushrooms, because I was a little bit too worn down.
Because of the low white blood cell count and all the infections I was getting,
I was in no position to even research.
So he went out there and said, Coriolis mushroom,
but the problem is where do we get the right kind
that actually matches the PSK out of Japan?
We can't order PSK.
My chemo center wasn't going to put it in an IV bag.
And then when he found you and found mushroom science,
it was like thank goodness that there is a supplier
that's actually making that version available for the public to purchase.
So it's awesome stuff.
It's called Coriolis mushroom.
And you've got a couple of different kinds on the website.
I have a link if people want to go directly to the one I take.
I still take it every day.
I will continue to take it every day of my life.
And if you want to know the one I'm taking,
it already includes the coupon code as well.
It's at kmashow.com.
And then just click on the blue link on the right that says blog.
You'll see a picture of the Coriolis box itself.
And when you click it, it'll take you directly to the mushroom science website
where you can get a free book if you place an order.
All right, let's go to the phone lines.
We've got Tom holding in West Virginia.
Hi, Tom.
You're on with John Selene and Catherine Albrecht.
Go right ahead.
Hi, John and Catherine.
I was wondering, John, if you'd heard of Corbyacin from the 50s and 60s?
No, I have not.
Okay, well, that's the same principle that was researched in the 50s.
It's based on Acrimyces bogus, which is a fungal fungus.
And it was found to actually be a very strong attacker of cancer,
all forms of cancer.
But the FDA banned it in 1964 after a 13-year controversy that was, you know,
was pretty big in the country.
The discoverer was a mycologist who studied at the Louis Pasteur Institute.
And he discovered it.
Basically, he had the idea that, you know,
horses sometimes get this tumor on their throat.
And so he realized that sometimes the horse will survive,
but most of the time they'll die, you know, from the tumor.
It's a very, very fast-growing tumor.
And it's called lumpy jaw.
And so he, well, the discoverer, his name was Stevan Jarovic,
he discovered this crevice in 1951, which was a, basically he...
Well, let me hand this question back to John.
John, in terms of the mushrooms,
I know that at Mushroom Science you've got a whole variety of different mushrooms
that have been shown in all kinds of clinical testing
to be good for a whole variety of different conditions.
As far as the FDA goes, what does the FDA have to say about mushroom supplements?
I think Tom raises an interesting point.
Well, they're classified as dietary supplements.
And they wanted to regulate dietary supplements as drugs.
There are a lot of very unhappy people on all sides of all political spectrums.
So Senator Orrin Hatch from Utah and Senator Harkin from Iowa got together
and passed the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994,
which said the FDA has to regulate them as food
and then come up with a set of rules for good manufacturing practices, particularly...
So are they still working on that? Have they come up with those?
Actually, the FDA was so angry that they couldn't regulate the supplements as drugs.
They ignored the law for years.
And then finally in 2008, which was 14 years later,
they started coming out with the rules.
And then 2008 it was for the really big companies, 200 and over.
2009, companies between 220 employees to 200 employees.
And then 2010, companies of 20 employees or less.
Those rules apply.
And it's not a bad thing to have standard operating procedures
and to keep the kind of paperwork that allows the FDA,
regardless of what you think about them,
the reason they came into being was a lot of issues with the safety of food.
You know, it's interesting.
I was just on the Memorial Sloan Kettering website,
which has just a great resource of all the alternative treatments
and natural treatments and supplements and everything else.
And I strongly encourage people to check those out.
Coriolis, by the way, is on there and very highly regarded by Memorial Sloan Kettering.
So they've got all the links to the research and everything else.
But what I thought was very interesting is they talked about contamination.
Like there was one acai berry that was contaminated by the tryptosomes,
I think, or whatever the word is, of these parasites.
And things like that, clearly you don't want to be taking acai berry supplements
that are going to give you some parasitic disease.
You know, there is a rule for that, but I think...
You have to be careful.
They're food products, which means they can harbor pathogens.
Yeah, exactly.
And I think one of the other ones, they were talking about kombucha
that was brewed in something that had been glazed in lead,
and people got lead poisoning.
So, you know, yeah, there are certain issues,
but I think we all are in agreement that we don't want the FDA to say,
no, you can't eat a mushroom any longer.
Exactly.
Hey, Tom, let me thank Tom for the phone call.
Let's see if we can squeeze in another one before the break.
Let's go to, let's see, Jack listening in Illinois.
Hi, Jack.
You're on with John Selene.
Is Jack with us?
Hello?
Hi, Jack.
Hello?
Yeah, go right ahead.
Yes, we love you, we love you, we love you.
But you speak too fast for us to write what we need to write down,
and we need a phone number to try to reach this product.
We're of Amish background.
All right.
John, can you give us a phone number where people can call?
And the coupon code is Catherine, so that will get you the book.
And what's the phone number where people can call, John?
Well, first I will tell them is there is a toll-free number.
It's 888-330.
Oh, boy, I'm not sure.
I'm going to give you the one I know for sure.
Okay.
Code 541.
Uh-huh.
541-344-1396.
All right.
And they can give you the toll-free number.
We'll grab it and give it to you.
Thank you, people, that I'm the only one there that answers technical questions,
and I will not be in the office, back in the office, until Tuesday of next week, Tuesday afternoon.
But Shannon's there.
Shannon is wonderful.
And the last time I talked about this on Coast to Coast, poor Shannon was absolutely swamped
and asked me to tell the listeners that if you do order the supplement,
you know, try to get your order in first because the people who ordered towards the end,
there was a bit of a delay.
I think you guys had to order in more products.
So it could be, what, up to a week or so or even two or three weeks before you actually get it.
Yeah, that last one generated thousands of orders, and that's more than we normally process in a day.
And so, you know, it could take three to four days.
It works better prepared this time.
So you can go to my website, kmashow.com,
and then on the right-hand side, there is a blog link, the blue link.
And actually, I think it's right on my home page.
It's actually right at kmashow.
It's on the right-hand side.
You'll see a box of the Coriolis mushroom that I take every day.
And you can also just go directly to mushroomscience.com,
and the product is called Coriolis, C-O-R-I-O-L-U-S, Coriolis mushroom.
Coriolis is super strength.
The super strength one is the one that I take.
We can't use the word PSK because it's trademarked.
Right.
There's lots of aspirin, but only they are called.
Coriolis is super strength.
And, yes, and take it on an empty stomach,
because I didn't realize I was supposed to be doing that until recently.
So I take it in the morning on an empty stomach and then between meals,
because that way the polysaccharides, you know, distribute through the body and stimulate the immune system.
All right, stay tuned. We'll be back and try to get the rest of your calls right after this.
Music
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system,
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out Simply Safe.
It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to GetSimplySafe.com.
Simply Safe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you are protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit, or shed.
GetSimplySafe.com.
Simply Safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes.
There's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but Simply Safe will stand guard,
protecting your property 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com.
We all know that Berkey Water Purification Systems are the most trusted name in water filtration.
As an authorized Berkey dealer for over six years and serving thousands of satisfied customers,
the Berkey Guy offers amazing specials for Berkey water filtration systems.
The Berkey Light Systems include a set of self-sterilizing and re-cleanable black purification elements that purify water
by removing chlorine, pathogenic bacteria, cysts and parasites to non-detectable levels
and remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides and pesticides.
Order the Berkey Light System today, complete with two black Berkey elements for only $231,
and the Berkey Guy will ship your order free of charge.
With the purchase of a Berkey Light, the Berkey Guy is also offering a set of fluoride and arsenic filters for only $39.99.
That's over 30% off the retail price.
Call the Berkey Guy at 1-877-886-3653.
That's 1-877-886-3653.
Or order online at GoBerkey.com.
That's GoBerkey.com today.
We travel so much, and having a fake TV gives added peace of mind.
Burglars look for houses that appear to be easy targets,
but fake TV can fool even professional burglars into thinking someone is home watching television.
As a recent widow living alone, it gives me great peace of mind to set my fake TV near a window
and know that passing motorists and pedestrians will think someone is home watching TV when I'm actually away from home.
Fake TV easily plugs into any outlet, just like a light on a timer.
And they're so easy to use, you just plug them in and they're ready to go.
Plus, they're so affordable that we have one upstairs and downstairs.
Fake TV is only $34.95.
Order your fake TV by calling 877-5FAKETV or go to FAKETV.com.
That's 877-532-5388 or FAKETV.com.
Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
So it's like Start Page. While you have the ability to take advantage of alternatives, do it.
They want to take it all the way. They want to take away your alternatives on the Internet.
They want to take away your alternatives through the media.
Believe me, they would love to shut down the Alex Jones show.
I'm sure there are plots afoot right now to try to find a way to do it,
but we've got this tricky little thing called the First Amendment that stands in the way of them doing that.
And as far as your alternatives for health, I'm a big believer in evidence.
So I actually got some email on my show yesterday.
I was railing against some of these charlatans with bogus cancer cures that don't do anything,
that have absolutely no evidence other than a couple of smiling people who they say did great,
but there's no scientific evidence.
And if there's one thing Harvard taught me, it was how to do research.
And you can go on to PubMed.com or PubMed.gov.
The one we'll redirect to the other.
PubMed is the website repository for all of the peer-reviewed academic medical journal studies.
Go on there.
Don't take my word for it or John Selene's word for it.
Go on there and look up Coriolis mushroom at PubMed.com
and you will see dozens of peer-reviewed scientific medical journal articles on this.
You can look up Coriolis, C-O-R-I-O-L-U-S-P-S-K at PubMed.com
and you will see published in journals of oncology, published in journals of biochemistry,
you'll see it place after place that this is actually being shown to have a direct and immediate impact on the immune system.
Powerful stuff.
The Japanese have figured it out.
Hopefully at some point here in the U.S. we'll get around this $3,000 new last shot
that is so painful for women and other cancer patients
and actually make the transition to PSK.
But you don't have to wait for that.
You can do it directly.
You can do it yourself.
And this is why I say reach out for these alternatives when they're available to you.
Let's see, in response to the call asking about the phone number,
John, I actually went on your website and let me give the toll-free number.
It's 888-283-6583.
That's mushroom science.
I know that you don't have a massive staff over there
and you're not staffed with 50 people answering the phone,
so I would encourage people to...
Yeah, I would encourage people to wait until Tuesday afternoon to call when I'm there
because I can answer the questions.
Well, that's to answer questions, but if they want to place an order,
today would probably be the better time to do it while you still have stock
because I know that whenever we talk about this, right,
you run out and then it takes a couple of weeks,
so if people do want to just call and place an order.
The other thing you can do, please remember the coupon code, Catherine,
and when you go to mushroomscience.com, and let me clarify again,
you don't want to get the Coriolis elsewhere because it's not hot water extracted.
It's not PSK.
So when you go to mushroomscience.com, if you scroll down to the left,
you'll actually see my picture there, Catherine Albrecht,
and if you click it, it says, welcome coast to coast listeners.
We need to update that, welcome Alex Jones listeners.
But if you click that, it will take you to the Coriolis super strength PSK formula page,
and you can just enter in the coupon code, Catherine, K-A-T-H-E-R-I-N-E right there.
All right, so let's see if we can squeeze in another phone call.
We've got, let's see, Ken listening in Indiana.
Ken, really quickly in our last minute here.
Go ahead.
Catherine, you're such a blessing.
I just want to tell you that I just want to make it quick here.
I've always believed that the key to good health is stimulating your immune system.
I used to put herbs in the children's applesauce when they were younger,
and we had very healthy young children.
I guess what I want real quick is I'm a 58-year-old male.
I'm interested in maintaining good health in my elderly years.
Could you recommend, is there things just for men or just generally that you can recommend?
I know in John's book that he covers a lot of that,
and I'm going to be blogging about that on my website at KMAshow.com.
In fact, I'm writing a book on this.
All right, John Selene, yeah, I want to thank you so much.
We've come to the end of the program.
Thank you so much.
MushroomScience.com is the website to learn more.
This is the Alex Jones Show.
I'm Catherine Albrecht.
We'll be right back.
You are listening to GCN.
Visit GCNLive.com today.
We'll be right back.
24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com.
Waging war on corruption.
Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups.
You want answers?
Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Welcome to Hour 3 of the Alex Jones Show.
Catherine Albrecht filling in for Alex.
He's off at the coast fishing and, as one listener said,
wrestling cactuses with his bare hands.
You know he is, too.
All right, well, he's going to come back with more energy than ever before.
Look out for the blast furnace hitting us all on Monday as Alex comes back turbocharged.
Can't wait.
All right, well, I am your host, Catherine Albrecht.
As you know, I cover a bunch of stuff.
My last 12, 13 years of my life has been devoted to fighting against implantable microchips.
RFID incursion and other forms of privacy incursion.
And I'm kind of on a new kick right now because I'm so frustrated
with all the misinformation floating out there about cancer.
And if one in three of us is going to be diagnosed with this scourge of a disease,
you know, that's more people than got the black plague back in Europe during the plague years.
I mean, this thing is coming.
And it's here.
And every time I turn around, you know, women in their 30s being stricken with this awful disease.
We really need to be thinking prevention.
We really need to be thinking treatment.
And we really need to be figuring out how to intelligently navigate the options that we have available.
And I would encourage you not to fall prey to the people who say, oh, yes,
just take my miracle holy water that I've waved some ions over and it'll cure you of cancer.
Don't go in there to the conventional folks.
If you get cancer, if you're diagnosed with cancer, at the very least,
do yourself one favor, get a professional oncologist opinion.
There is research out there, you can find this again at PubMed,
that shows that the people who travel more than 50 miles for their cancer treatment
actually have a higher survival rate.
And that's not because travel somehow makes you healthier.
It's because traveling means that you've avoided your local podunk hospital
and you've traveled to a world-class cancer center.
That's what I've done.
I've got a lovely little hospital right here in Nashua that I could have gone to.
In fact, that's where I was first diagnosed.
But I take the hour and a half drive into Boston to go to Dana-Farber,
which is a world-class cancer center.
If I hadn't have done that, I would have gotten different treatment.
So at least, at the very least, get an opinion from an oncologist,
sit down and figure out what your options are before you absolutely throw the baby out with the bathwater.
People are living longer than ever with the cancer treatments available conventionally.
That doesn't mean it's really good for you.
You've got to really go in tough to knock out the cancer.
You nurture yourself with the complementary stuff,
and that's how you bring your health back,
and that's also what you can do to survive the treatments,
like the Coriolis mushroom we were talking about.
All right, really quickly, let's go to Mark,
who's been holding in Florida with a question on cancer.
Go ahead, Mark.
Hey there.
Yep, I'm right here.
Go right ahead.
You're live.
Yeah, I want to ask you.
I've got a link to Dr. Brzezinski.
I'm sorry, there's a video that shows that cancer cure.
I've watched his video.
I've watched the Lorraine Day video.
I own the Gerson books.
I've got the whole nine yards.
Yes, so I'm very familiar.
Your question?
Awesome.
Awesome.
No, I just wanted to talk about how the FDA tried to ruin this guy
and all the book and juries that they brought up.
Let me speak to that real quick, Mark,
because this is one of the things, man.
I was going off on this yesterday with my husband.
I'm like, I'm writing a book.
I'm writing a book.
Because the fact that the FDA goes after somebody
is not necessarily a badge of honor.
Oftentimes, and I'm going to put Brzezinski to the side.
We could have a whole separate conversation
because I think his treatment is one of the ones that,
as far as I can tell, is kind of on the edge.
Like, I can't totally discredit it.
I'm also not blown away with its effectiveness.
But there are true charlatans out there.
I mean, real people like there's a thing called,
what is it, MMS, which is an actual heavily toxic compound
that would kill you if you were to take it.
And you got those people out there promoting that kind of stuff.
So I don't know, when the FDA goes after somebody,
it may really be because they deserve being gone after.
You know, I'm not a huge fan of the FDA going after people,
but sometimes it's warranted.
So just because somebody got, you know, shut down by the FDA
doesn't mean they had a cancer cure.
All right, stay tuned.
We'll be right back.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
