We've got it.
This transmission is coming to you.
Waging war on corruption.
It's Alex Jones.
Coming to you live from the front lines of the InfoWar.
It is March 10th, 2013.
I'm Alex Jones, your host.
I've been chomping at the bit to be back on the air the last four or five days.
I have not taken off seven shows in a row in about five years, best we can tell.
But I took off Friday before last right through to today.
Now I was obviously working while I was on the road with my family.
And I probably filed, I don't know, something like eight or nine video reports on the road.
Wrote a news article with Paul Watson as well.
And worked on some other things behind the scenes.
But I have not been here in the last seven broadcasts.
And I've had a really good chance to have some retrospective time to sit back and look at the state of the world.
But also the state of this broadcast.
And it's always restive and important to take off.
So again, thank you for joining us.
I'd like to thank the crew for doing a great job while I was gone.
And Mike Adams sitting in, Aaron Dykes, the rest of the reporters who also filled in with him on, what was it, Thursday.
And Catherine Albrecht, Dr. Catherine Albrecht who did three of the broadcasts while I was gone.
And Chris Alanis that did that best of for you last Sunday.
And again, just the entire crew, John Bounds, CJ, everybody.
Okay, that said, wow, there are just some huge news items that are hiding in plain view that we're gonna be covering.
And after I get into the latest attacks on the Second Amendment.
The latest attacks on our economy to consolidate things for the globalist.
A lot of really important tech news, some important TSA news.
Some extremely important geopolitical news as well.
With riots going on all over the world being funded and controlled by the globalist.
Mainly in Muslim controlled areas.
After I get into all that, I'm gonna break down in the second hour.
I think it's important to cover our biggest news story in the second hour.
Because I always tend to put a lot of the most important news right up front, but then not cover it in detail.
So I'm gonna switch things around today and cover our top story that intersects though.
Everything intersects to understand how the globalist operate.
Everything has a linkage in the philosophy, in the mindset.
And if you really wanna know how these people operate, this is gonna be the broadcast for you.
And I know I move quick because even the English language.
Though it's the most widely used and also probably the deepest language out there.
Because it adopts other languages.
It falls short when my little humble brain is trying to assemble a very complex situation.
And I've likened it many times to describing a beautiful woman.
Somebody says, well, what does she look like?
She had electricity in her eyes.
Her hair was dark black and flowing and just her curves and her spirit and the smell.
Well, tell me more.
Show me a picture.
Be like someone trying to describe the Grand Canyon who's never seen it.
Or seeing a photo of it versus being there.
Okay, it's a big wide canyon with scrub brush and trees growing on its edge and miles across.
And it makes you catch your breath.
Well, describe more.
Now, those are good things we're trying to describe.
Bad things, wicked things that have built up over thousands of years and been honed and been turned into scientific algorithms.
One can grasp it just as you can grasp the first time you fell in love.
You know what it was like, other people don't.
You have to experience the matrix to know what it's like.
But there's been some major cracks in the matrix.
And we're going to break those down when we come back.
And it's now coming out that Al-Qaeda publicly works for the government.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal-Ben Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what you're using now.
Or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
I have sworn upon the altar of God eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man.
Thomas Jefferson. It's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are live.
Thank you so much for joining us on this live 10th of March, 2013 worldwide broadcast.
I am your host, Alex Jones, and we are here every Sunday 4 to 6 p.m. Central back weekdays, 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Central.
Blasting on over 150 AM and FM affiliates.
Time will catch on XM 166 on a weekday show.
They have not yet picked up the Sunday.
Give them a call. Tell them you want to hear it.
OK, ladies and gentlemen, where to start here?
I've been gone for the last week, but working a lot from the road, filing video reports and writing news articles for info wars dot com and prison planet dot com.
And I was planning to come back this morning to Austin, Texas, but I came back yesterday instead.
And the story I'm going to tell a little bit later in the hour is a personal story, but it also affects those of you that support the First Amendment.
But it's a window into the mindset of thuggery and bullies and government and oppression and corporate oppression and how laying down to corruption is the road to serfdom, the road to enslavement, the road to feudalism.
And just just briefly, I'll tell you, I got a call Friday evening by Max Cabrera who heads up planet info wars dot com, our popular social network for people that love freedom worldwide.
From dating to firearms, it's all on their planet info wars dot com.
Set up your own profile if you'd like.
And he had an idea to hand out 10000 free copies of info wars magazine.
During South by Southwest, one of the biggest film interactive deals in the country.
And I've been a speaker at South by Southwest.
I've been involved with it some.
I think overall it's a good event.
It's a little bit exploitive of some of the yuppies and want to be stars and media people that are coming.
They're actually looking for a job.
But the point is, so I mean, nothing against South by Southwest overall.
But he called me and said the police are writing us tickets, handing out your magazines on city streets, and they're saying they were ordered to by the conference.
And I said, well, the conference isn't God.
I mean, they don't own the sidewalks.
And then the police started refusing to do it.
It actually had a chance to talk to him and talk to local CBS.
They interviewed the police who said, yeah, we're not going to follow this directive from the code enforcement who told them don't let info wars hand out magazines when everybody else was handing out stuff.
I mean, my God, they have women out there handing out massage parlor cards, basically prostitution cards and stuff or, you know, come to our bar, come to our topless bar or whatever.
But but all that was OK, but info wars wasn't OK.
And so I went ahead and drove in yesterday morning instead of driving back in from Galveston, where I was telling my family before spring break, I like to take off and everybody else is actually at work so that there's nobody around.
That's just how I work.
I tend to zig when people zag.
So I came back in early and I talked to the code enforcer.
People got their name.
They said, yeah, we're ordered that you're not even allowed to have info wars bumper stickers on your car and park in a parking meter downtown.
I mean, I actually talked to the guy, got his name, followed a report yesterday on it.
It was so bizarre.
But then when I got down there.
It was quite an experience to watch the intimidation fold in on itself, because before I ever came down here within hours of the police first following orders, they revolted and said, we're not going to do this.
There's no law.
This is a misappropriation of a US Constitution via the state constitution and an awesome municipal code.
So I learned from Kay who actually did the interview and had the text of what the cops had said when I pulled up.
Kay, I ran over and said, well, it's too late to have you on now.
You're supposed to be here 20 minutes ago, but we talked to the cops confirming your story.
They've already refused to give tickets or arrest your crew.
You have a First Amendment, obviously.
As I'm already telling the story, it just shows, though, that I had to say no, the police had to say no, but they didn't stop there.
My street team comes back later and says, my gosh, they just sent out bouncers on the street.
You know, big guys with shaved heads.
I don't think it's people with shaved heads.
You know, big guys saying you're not allowed to be out here, watch it.
I mean, right out of Goodfellas.
So it just shows how anything starts to try to grab power and push people around.
So I went down there and had a quick impromptu rally just off the website posting.
Over 100 people showed up over the hour and a half.
It was really more than that.
People would come and go, and people had parking nearby, people at the event.
Hundreds came by and voiced their support.
I guess I'm already covering this now, so I'll just finish up with the story and then get into all the geopolitical.
But it's an example of how, at first, some of the media people, when I was driving back to Austin talking to them, were like, well, what's the big deal?
I'm like, what's the big deal?
A private group now says they own the city streets of Austin and the sidewalks and that we can't have bumper stickers on our car.
I talked to the code enforcers when they were threatening to give tickets, and we didn't follow those, have the police arrest people, until the police said no.
And I'm like, well, what's the problem?
Well, your car's parked down the street.
It's got Infowars bumper stickers on it.
And I said, so that's not allowed.
And they said, well, yes, that's not allowed.
And I said, well, what's the code?
Well, it's this code.
I looked that code up.
That's like hot dog stands blocking a sidewalk.
You're using a right-of-way code here that I just can't pull over on the right-of-way on a highway and sell whatever I want.
And I said, we're handing out free magazines on the sidewalk.
You don't own that sidewalk.
And then I talked to some of the police on the phone.
They said, we agree.
We're going to talk to our superiors.
The point is, is that Shot By Southwest ordered code enforcement out there.
They then ordered the police to give us tickets.
They did give warning tickets and then revolted and said, we're not even going to do that.
And by the time I got down there last night, the cops were coming over, getting pictures with me saying, we agree.
I asked the cops, do you support the First Amendment?
They were putting their thumbs up.
And they were laughing at it.
But at first it was very serious.
Then my crew, as I'm leaving, was down at Sixth Street.
I was down at the convention center on First and Second.
They run over and they go, oh, my gosh, big muscle guys with shaved heads and came over and said, we better watch it.
We're not allowed to be out here.
And man, let me tell you, I'm not looking for trouble, but you want to punch my buttons.
Have some big thug come over and tell me I can't be on the sidewalk.
I mean, I'm not looking for trouble, but you just absolutely punched my buttons right there.
And I turned into Yosemite Sam.
I mean, I just do not know what to say about this country.
But that's what's happened with the free speech zones and the checkpoints and all of it.
None of us really want to live under this.
Police don't want their kids living under this.
You don't want to live under this.
The bureaucrats, most of them aren't bad.
They don't want to live under it.
Citizens don't want to live under it.
But a few elitists, the guys with all the private jets paid for with government contracts and all the insiders, they love it.
And they use bureaucracy to create monopolies and shut down their competition.
And I'd always heard the stories about the Chronicle that runs and owns.
Lewis Black started the South by Southwest interactive and music thing 20 something years ago.
I'd always heard the stories.
Well, I've even seen them in the news where if you try to have in your own parking lot of your bar an event with music during South by Southwest, 20 miles away.
I mean, they'll go outside the city to the Round Rock.
I've talked to people and show up and say, anybody that sings or plays at this event, you'll never be involved with our event.
I mean, that's.
That's uncivil and by uncivil, there's serious civil penalties.
And I'm thinking about just because I don't like thug ism.
You know, some of the cable people and others had to take over access TV, even though I wasn't even doing shows down there anymore.
I was there in my radio show on there slash video about six, seven years ago, eight years ago now.
And I went to a city council meeting, telecommunications meeting, and they came over and threatened me.
In fact, one guy came over and said, I'm a former Marine.
When my camera was off, I will kill you if you don't stop trying to stop the shutdown of access TV.
And I said, that's it. This is obviously something's going on here.
This is obviously criminal. So I hired a private investigator, did some other stuff, went to some meetings, bluff people and said, I know you're stealing money, got them to admit it.
And then they only sent the directorate of president to Huntsville, supposed to get like seven years, only spent a few years in jail.
And the city shut it down because they were involved higher up. We know, you know, the tip of the iceberg.
But I'm not playing games here. I know the law. I know how things work.
And I got bigger fish to fry, but I could get together with all the people that have been violated with a class action suit.
And see, that's how mafia start. They come in, they get big. Corporations can do it.
Government can do it. And that's an example of literally code enforcers, police.
And when they wouldn't violate the Constitution, guys coming over, you know, six foot five guys that weigh 300 pounds going better get off the street, ladies, and not hand out those magazines.
You're not allowed down here. Watch it, lady. I mean, that is Chicago, New York mafia crap.
When you stand up to tyranny, you have liberty. When you bend over, you're a slave.
We'll be back with the news. Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold and weapons.
But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long term shelf life, making it the number one choice of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to SupernaturalSilver.com.
Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
A little over a year ago, I began to do a lot of research into why, even if I had a pretty good sized meal, that I was still starving.
And my research led me to a well-known fact that most of the soils that we grow our crops on here in the United States and across the industrialized world are almost completely depleted
of almost all of the key minerals and trace elements that our bodies need to rebuild themselves, fight off cancer, and be healthy.
I then searched out the best vitamin and mineral company out there and discovered Young Jevity.
The Young Jevity products are designed to give you the real nutrition you need and once you've got that, you don't have to eat as much to be satisfied.
I've lost 37 pounds in two months, simply getting the vitamins and minerals I need.
Check it out for yourself, it's incredible.
Go to InfowarsTeam.com today and order your first canister of Beyond Tangy Tangerine Complete Multivitamin Mineral Complex Dietary Supplement.
That's InfowarsTeam.com.
Introducing Pro One.
All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go.
No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid.
Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new Aquamedics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one filter element.
It is the only one that does it and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code WATER.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro Pure with the new Pro One filters today at InfowarsStore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers.
The prognosis for the entire planetary economic system runs from bad to worse.
The globalist model is to shut down societies and starve patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover.
That's why we've assembled the most vital and important preparedness items at InfowarsShop.com.
These are items that I did research on that I personally use.
We've got the LifeStraw so you can turn fetid water into safe water anywhere you go.
The Ktor Hand Crank Generator to charge up key equipment during power outages or out in the field.
Strategic Relocation 3rd Edition by Joel Skousen. When Disaster Strikes by Matthew Stein. TheraSafe used by Homeland Security to protect yourself during any radiological event.
Hand Crank Shortwave AM-FM radios. Everything that we've researched and found to be the best is available at InfowarsShop.com.
And your purchase makes our Infowar possible. We're getting prepared. Are you? InfowarsShop.com.
Coast to Coast. Direct from Austin. You're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
Okay, my friends, we are back live. We got ZZ Top, born deep in the heart of Texas, bringing us in.
Look, my job is to get you to understand the philosophies used by the corrupt, the oppressive, the monopoly men.
So that you can navigate what's happening out there, not just, oh, we're going to vote for Republicans or we're going to vote for libertarians or, you know, we're going to stand up against tyranny.
Well, what does that mean? Standing up against tyranny means knowing what tyranny is.
Okay, well, you know what basic tyranny is. I know I do. But it takes a lot of studying to know the tricks they play.
The manipulations they engage in. And it turns out the establishment thinks you're so stupid. They write books and handbooks and brag.
I mean, Karl Rove bragged to The New York Times. Yeah, we lie and make stuff up, but you'll go along with the new reality that we tell you about.
And then Gibbs came out a few weeks ago, the former press secretary, said, yeah, we lie to the public about things that publicly publicly exist.
It's the Wizard of Oz. And the reporters all laugh with him. Because the public doesn't know he's lying.
They just whoever's the fanciest, whoever's wearing the nicest tie, whoever is in the fanciest studio, they must be telling the truth.
There's not two billion bullets that have been bought. They're not buying giant armored vehicles for Homeland Security, even though it's all public.
All available on the federal websites, the purchases they've made. They'll just have Politico and 15, 16 other publications this week come out and say, I'm a liar.
And Sarah Palin is insane because she's quoting me and that there are no bullets and there are no armored vehicles.
And we're liars. That's like saying that California doesn't exist or the moon doesn't exist.
But let me tell you, for the dumbed down masses of people out there, they sit back and laugh and go. Robert Gibbs came out and said hundreds of times, there are no drones.
We're not killing anyone with drones. There is no drone program. I mean, I played it two weeks ago here on the Sunday show.
I guess I could play it again. Can you guys queue up, Gibbs? Thanks. And I have like 20 clips. We'll play an old one here.
Because people hear that and they go, oh, yeah, right. No, no, no. And they all laugh. See, it's funny to them.
See, it's not funny to me. And I get upset when I'm told I can't have an Infowars bumper sticker on my car downtown
because a code enforcer says no advertising allowed downtown and uses a code about blocking rightaways and tells cops to enforce a fraudulent code.
I get in the car and drive back to town and go down and bullhorn them and dare them to arrest me.
But I show up and the cops are like, we already refused. We know they're tyrants. Hey, let me get a photo with you.
You see, that's when tyranny fails is when they cannot convince the enforcers to go along with it and when the people don't lay down.
Because if we don't see, I later learned the police in Austin. That's why I'm talking about this instead of all this big international national news,
because it's a microcosm of everything else.
That I sent my crew out with a street team they hired, thousands of dollars, to hand out 10,000 copies of a free magazine.
We sell them in bulk at cost at Infowarshop.com. We were handing out 10,000 to all the film people to wake them up about the police state.
The cover of the magazine has an American flag on it. And it says inside the mind of the establishment and breaks down all the tyranny and the attack on free speech.
Oh, isn't that funny? And how to save America. Boy, that's really evil stuff.
So the establishment is so freaked out about that, they order the cops to go give tickets.
The cops refuse and give warnings within hours before they even knew I was coming.
They started refusing. The code enforcers then refused.
So then people claiming that they were with South by Southwest came and confronted by street team big guys and said, you better get off the street.
I mean, again, that is a microcosm, a tiny window into the mindset of everything we're facing.
And so Robert Gibbs, we have that clip.
When I went through the process of becoming press secretary, one of the things, one of the first things they told me was you're not even to acknowledge the drone program.
You're not even to discuss that it exists. And so I would get a question like that.
And literally, I couldn't tell you what major asked, because once I figured out it was about the drone program, I realized I'm not supposed to talk about it.
And but here's what's inherently crazy about that proposition.
You're being asked a question based on reporting of a program that exists.
Right. So you're the official government spokesperson acting as if the entire program.
Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain.
So at first, I'm talking to the code enforcer over the phone, driving back to us.
He's like, what's the big deal? You know, I've heard your show. Come on, just work with us.
And I'm like, you don't want stickers on our car in America.
He goes, I'm just following orders. And the cops are there with them.
I'm talking to my crew off and on. And I just said, well, you can do whatever you want, crew.
But I just keep handing them out and tell them, go ahead and give you tickets.
And then finally, the police just said, we're not going to do this.
And again, within that little story, if we would have just gone along.
And the police would have just gone along.
That would have been North Korean level tyranny in the town where I live in Austin, Texas, named after.
Stephen F. Austin, one of the founders of this great state, Travis County, named after William Barrett Travis.
Can you imagine if you told William Barrett Travis, there'll come a day where you can't hand out pamphlets in Texas.
He'd say, oh, is that Santa Ana? Is that the dictator?
I mean, only dictators act like this. This is outrageous.
And if we just comply and go along, it's over.
Take the establishment dinosaur media, and I'm going to come back and get into all the news.
And believe me, it's important.
Rand Paul gets up on what, Wednesday night, and he filibusters for 13 hours.
And the media tried to ignore it.
And he had to filibuster because as a senator, in the approval of the new CIA director.
Because again, the House and the Senate is the legislative arm.
It's actually the boss of the executive. It creates the laws.
It confirms the officers and the directors and the cabinet people.
The president's not a dictator, at least it's supposed to be.
So he's like, I want the details, I want answers on domestic drone programs that you're admittedly launching.
Give me the information.
And they said, it's classified, you can't have it.
It's classified, I'm a US senator.
The US Intelligence Committee on the Senate can't get this.
We're your boss.
Definitely co-equal.
But control the laws and the approval of who's in charge so the president can't just put all his people in and take over.
So in this area, we're above the president, give me that.
And they said, no, we're not.
In fact, they wouldn't even respond for several months.
So Rand Paul had to go filibuster for 13 hours.
And so they released the memos and it said, yes, we can kill Americans.
We're planning to bomb Americans basically and weaponize the drones and $45 billion to do it.
And then when that memo came out a day later, Holder puts out a memo saying, but we're not gonna do that and we're not planning to do that.
The point is, is they stonewalled Rand Paul and the entire Senate and the House Intelligence Committee, they've asked for all this stuff.
They've asked for Obama's continuity of government martial law provisions they put in and have been told you can't see it.
They should impeach him immediately.
You're gonna tell the Intelligence Committees they can't see the national plan that's supposed to be developed by Congress and executed?
The Congress is the football coach, okay?
The American people are the owners.
The Congress is the football coach and the president is the quarterback executing his orders.
He's not the owner of the team.
We'll be right back with big news.
Stay with us.
We'll be right back.
Call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what you're using now.
Or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to GetSimplySafe.com
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit, or shed.
GetSimplySafe.com
SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day.
If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better.
You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared.
For years we've told you about our friends at eFoods Direct.
They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food on the planet.
This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight.
A long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from eFoods Direct.
Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies.
Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared.
Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
I had tried everything. I'd cut back the amount of food I was eating.
I was lifting weights and jogging but nothing was working.
My body was literally starving for minerals and trace elements as well as key vitamins.
And as soon as I had that, I immediately could eat half of what I was eating previously and be satisfied.
Now there are hundreds of great products at InfowarsTeam.com
but I want to point out the three that have helped me lose 37 pounds in just two months.
Products like Beyond Tangy Tangerine, Holland Burst and Rebound.
When I started taking the Tangy Tangerine and other products every day,
I lost more than 37 pounds in just two months.
Now that's results.
I want to challenge my listeners to go to InfowarsTeam.com
and to order just three of their products
and you will see the changes in the way you look, feel and in your appetite almost immediately.
Start your journey to health and wellness today.
InfowarsTeam.com.
Coast to Coast. Direct from Austin.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
Network.
He aligns himself with the truth and it's time for you to choose a side.
You're listening to Alex Jones.
So what the social engineers do, and you know this, everybody knows this.
They incrementally just take more and more and they'll deny something when you bring it up.
Hey, why do I see giant tanks driving around in checkpoints?
Oh, that's not happening. You're like, yeah, I got a video of it. No, it's not.
And then later, once the public's conditioned, they admit it.
Or there's no death panels in the Obamacare bill.
They're like, well, here's the subsection.
You're a conspiracy theorist.
One week after it passed, cover of Newsweek, the case for killing granny and death panels,
and then now you, I listen to Democrat radio sometimes, and they're just like,
death panels are great, we need them. I mean, come on, it's the way to go.
Hey, we don't want your guns. Everything's fine.
Go back to sleep as they introduce bills at every state level, ban mags over seven rounds,
raiding gun owners' houses all over the country.
I mean, I got a stack of that news I haven't gotten to yet. It is bad.
While saying, yeah, the crazy conspiracy theorist, Alex Jones,
the Southern Poverty Law Center wrote a letter to the Justice Department, which it's a joke.
That's their surrogate mouthpiece.
So the Justice Department can say more radical things, but then say it's not them.
It's Justice Department on record for 30-something years.
And they're like, Alex Jones and others, they're claiming that the government wants to take the guns.
It's a conspiracy theory. That's a quote.
And we think there's about to be terror attacks.
I mean, think of how radical that is to imply that myself, I'm listed, and others,
the Constitution Party, oath keepers, returning veterans, I'm reading here,
are going to blow up federal buildings.
And you're like, well, McVeigh did.
Folks, anybody that knows about that, I've interviewed the police that were the first responders,
the ones they didn't kill, like Terence Yakey, cop of the year.
They blew that thing sky high.
They declared national security on the surveillance tapes.
I talked to the FBI agents in the LA Times who said, we saw the tapes.
It shows multiple men with McVeigh.
And I've talked to the head of HUD, Jane Graham, who was there.
It was famous federal agents who she saw on TV basically responding to the aftermath.
She's like, that's who was running the wires and planting the gray sticks of butter.
I've interviewed the police, like Mr. Browning and others, on this show who saw the feds involved
and who had them come to their offices in the Oklahoma City office, into the sergeant's office,
and said, you and your wife are dead if you don't shut up about what you saw.
Oh, yeah, the right wing's going to blow up federal buildings.
Give me a break, folks.
Let me tell you who's going to blow up federal buildings.
The global crime syndicate that sees this country and controls our government.
Our government didn't bomb Oklahoma City.
Our government didn't carry out 9-11.
Our government has been hijacked in their criminal cells, global corporate mafia cells,
within the CIA, the FBI, and everything else, staging this stuff or hiring provocateurs.
So my point is, you're not going to get freedom by cowering over this.
You're not going to get freedom by cowering to this, okay?
The only future we've got is standing up.
You know why we have so much wealth? By 4% of the world, that's the American population,
until the 70s had half the wealth.
At one point, it was 57%.
Look this up.
Just type in US has half the world's wealth.
You'll see the articles.
57% of the world's wealth owned by a gigantic, fat middle class, the fattest, biggest middle
class the world's ever seen.
Champion middle class.
Fully 45%, up to 50% of the population, middle class, upper middle class.
Now it's down to like 25%.
And you know why?
We weren't free, but compared to other countries, we were super free.
Super fly free.
Because there wasn't a monopoly in this country.
There were a few oligopolies and a few little, but not a total globalist monopoly,
where big corporations control government.
They then take your tax money and pay it to them in corporate contracts and government
contracts and bailouts.
You don't have freedom, just like Rand Paul stood up and said, I'm gonna filibuster till
you give me the drone info.
They gave it to him.
They told me, my crew, we can't hand out magazines in Austin.
Turned out by the time I showed up to get in their face, the cops had refused.
That's a big victory just to do the right thing.
It was like when I was at Bilderberg, they gave them orders to not let the demonstrators
up in Virginia last year walk across the public driveway that is a public right of way.
And the cops were told, arrest us.
And I said, hey, you know the Virginia law says we can walk across there.
He goes, I know, but I've been ordered special event.
I said, you want your kids growing up in a country like that?
He goes, well, they're watching us.
My commanders are off those cameras right across the street in that mobile unit.
They have a mobile trailer with cameras on it and microphones.
And I said, so now you're afraid to do the right thing.
I said to the commander out there with like 60 cops out there on the SWAT team.
He goes, no, you're right.
Okay, use the street.
And then all the cops were smiling and giving us high fives and stuff.
Just revolt and say no, no to North Korea.
You're not a bunch of Dennis Rodman's.
I haven't even talked about that yet.
I was out of town.
You know, going over there to a third generation hereditary dictator, over a million people
starve to death or killed a year.
You talk about total government and he goes over there to make money.
And it shows how pathetic the government ruling system is that it's so empty, that it's such
a husk that the pathetic Kim Jong Un hugging some nobody, burnout, Z celebrity, bankrupt
Dennis Rodman.
I mean, this cult of celebrity is going to do something special for you.
Let me just tell all the yuppies, I know that's how they control you, who grew up watching
television 18 hours a day.
You think you're not somebody till you know celebrities.
I have been at probably 50 top Hollywood parties and I couldn't wait to get out of them.
Just all the most famous people in them.
I have been then at events.
Let's go over to this person's house with and I'm like, I don't want to go.
Let's watch a movie.
You know, let's let's go play, you know, putt putt golf or something because it's so empty.
And I see how Madison Avenue and Wall Street and the corporate people and the Oscars and
all of it controls the public with the cult of empty celebrity.
You know who I want to meet?
People that jump from the edge of space and heat up like a meteorite coming into the atmosphere
or some mathematician or some firefighter that goes into a burning house and saves a
kid and gets half their body burned.
That that's that's who's interesting to me is artists and people.
There's a lot of people that I get giddy about meeting incredible journalists, trailblazers.
But the system knows that.
And Edward Bernays set this up in the 20s, the nephew of Sigmund Freud.
He admitted our heroes are inventors, scientists, trailblazers, explorers.
That's why we were the highest IQ, highest education, smartest, most inventive, because
people were into that.
And they said, we've got to stop making that the icons.
We've got to dumb people down.
So now it's all these stupid hip hop people and burnout drug head rock and roll and in
Hollywood and all of that.
And it's totally and completely empty.
I mean, look at how empty the North Korean sycophant Communist Party is to sit there
and get off glowing on power trips.
Those power tripping looks the top communists have in their eyes are the same ones the politicians
have.
They're a bunch of crazy narcissists who are into totally dominating people and being on
top.
And if they've got to bring the whole country down to do it, they'll do it.
If you've got to starve to death so they can live in a palace, they'll do it.
Big government collectivism is the enemy.
And they've got communist, socialist and fascist varieties of it.
But it all ends up becoming the same thing.
And just to watch the sickening communist North Koreans groveling at pathetic celebrity
is just the essence of everything I oppose.
So here's the motto and I'm gonna come back with the news.
Stand up for your rights or lose them and be a slave.
Act like a sheep, get eaten by wolves.
Roll over to tyranny, you have no future.
You want to truly be alive?
Get animated.
Realize you're empowered because you love liberty and get in tyrants faces and live
for freedom and live for the truth and you will be empowered because that's what life
is really all about, is being informed, not being a fool, not being a sucker, not being
a schmuck, not being a mark, not being an idiot.
And when we stop being pushovers, like our ancestors were, we'll become so wealthy, we'll
become decadent slobs again.
That's the problem.
All of the incredible largess, the prosperity has turned us into this.
Now we're losing the prosperity as we lose the liberty.
Introducing pro one, all of your filtration in one system portable on the go.
No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolicic
acid advanced manufacturing technology combined silver impregnated white ceramic with new
aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one
filter element.
It is the only one that does it and out of the gates.
We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your pro pure with a new pro one filter today at info war store.com or by calling
888-253-3139.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold and weapons.
But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria,
viruses, moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long term shelf life, making it
the number one choice of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to SupernaturalSilver.com.
Use the promo code prepared for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Bend Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning
needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms, but if you don't have a home security system
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe.
It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to getsimplisafe.com SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit or shed.
Getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes so there's no
need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home but SimpliSafe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours
a day, 7 days a week.
Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
Coast to coast, direct from Austin.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the new world order, it's Alex Jones on the GCN
radio network.
You've got to stand up for yourself or become a slave.
I know that's simple, but a lot of profound things are simple.
All over the world, people are demanding GMO labeling so you can know what you're eating
if a fish has grasshopper genes in it, or if corn has insect genes in it, or bacteria
genes in it, or virus RNA.
And now Whole Foods under pressure is saying they're gonna start by 2018.
It's kinda like we're gonna leave Afghanistan by 2010, by 2012, by 2013, by 2014.
But at least they're having to pay lip service, they're gonna start trying to label GMO.
First they denied that there was any GMO in their stores.
We went down with others and covered it, and it became big news the last few years.
And then they had to admit that there was GMO in their food.
First they tried the stonewalling.
Again, they always try that, no, no, no, nothing to see here.
These aren't the droids you're looking for, move along, move along.
The force can have a powerful effect on the weak minded.
And I'm asking you to not be weak minded, and I know you're not weak minded.
Let me tell you what's coming up in the next hour, cuz I've been gone for a week and I've
kinda gone off in a hundred different directions and covered a lot of important information.
Let me just tell you what's coming up.
First off, here is the headline.
In fact, you guys even show drudgereport.com.
It's also up at infowars.com, top story.
On Drudge, it's the right hand story.
But I say Drudge, because Drudge really can set the agenda in the media, and it's a big
victory.
It's a victory for myself after 12 years to see things like this.
It's AFP, AP, Reuters, you name it, Afghan leader alleges US Taliban colluding.
Mohammed Karzai, and that's a Reuters article that Drudge is linked to.
Now I myself, I happen to know all about Mohammed Karzai, his brother, the biggest opium dealer
in the world, till the West assassinated him cuz he wanted to make a cut, kinda like they
shut up Manuel Noriega in Panama.
I happen to know all the, and I'm not bragging I happen to know all the facts, I wish the
general public knew about all this.
Because I'm not saying Ahmed Dinejad is a good guy, I'm not, of Iran, I'm not saying
Mohammed Karzai is a good guy of Afghanistan next door.
What I am saying is, is that they are just their own little strong men in their area.
The globalist are this larger constellation of above the law, diplomatic, immune, under
UN treaty, corporations who don't stand for America, who don't stand for Iran, who don't
care about Afghanistan, or Russia, or China, or Mexico, or Venezuela, or Nigeria for that
matter.
They care about their interest, and they hire assassination squads, they run drugs, they
run kids, they run snuff films, it's all come out.
The most vicious people in the world are the Fortune 50 or so that really own most of the
Fortune 500 in interlocking directorates who are setting up a global government where you
pay taxes through the IMF and World Bank, and XM Bank, and OECD directly to them.
This is their world government, I mean, go watch Davos on C-SPAN, go read their statements.
I mean, they want $100 trillion in the next decade of Western tax money to fund their
Bank of the World private world government, I mean, these are quotes.
You can type into a search engine what I just said and pull up London Telegraph, Davos press
releases.
This is what they're building.
But we're like Native Americans who've never come across smallpox.
So it didn't kill most Westerners, cuz Westerners that was gonna kill it already died.
But it almost killed 60, 70, 80% of the natives that came in contact with it, just same thing.
We're not used to a corporate takeover.
We're not used to a global government mercenary takeover, where they buy off your governments
and write laws to shut you down and control you but exempt themselves.
The G20 in Pittsburgh was corporately run by a corporate office that commanded the police
and the military, US Army and police and a task force from all 50 states.
And they arrested press, they went in universities and arrested people.
They said daytime, nighttime curfew, we'll physically attack whoever we want.
And when Rob Dues sued and won my reporter, he was arrested for no reason, on video, non
violently, on a hilltop, videotaping them, attacking peaceful people.
When that happened, under immunity laws, we couldn't sue the G20 consortium.
We had to sue Pittsburgh and he won, that was in the Associated Press when I looked
that up.
So let me tell you something, that's how real the world government is.
That the corporation of South by Southwest, it appears, that's what the police and people
said, had called to say we couldn't hand out magazines in downtown Austin, or even have
an Infowars bumper sticker.
Now they said no today, that's just some little nothing bottom feeding Hollywood wannabe group.
Imagine the mega bankers who make Ken Lay and Bernie Madoff look like good guys, who
are involved in trillions and trillions and trillions of dollars of fraudulent derivatives.
They want a world government to back up their operations and to exempt them from all their
unconstitutional oppressive laws used to consolidate power.
And that's the heart of all this.
So when I talk about Mohammad Karzai, the puppet president, the dictator with fake elections,
that's on record, just like Hugo Chavez.
But he's Western installed on the board in the past of UNICAL, big pipeline company.
But he's his own gangster, and so the other gangsters have gotten mad at him.
And they killed his brother, biggest opium dealer in the world a few years ago, you can
look all this up.
I'm gonna play a special report in the next hour on this that I cut in 2011, breaking
how Al-Qaeda and Taliban, again, our media is saying, Karzai is saying, you can read
his quotes, he says the bombs going off in Kabul are a way to keep US and NATO forces
there.
Of course, he doesn't tell you cuz they want the 100 plus billion a year in opium coming
out of there.
Opium production in 2001 was 9% to 10% of world production out of Afghanistan.
It's 93% in 2012, last year's numbers, look it up.
Show people watching on prisonplanet.tv, just 90 plus percent of opium production worldwide
Afghanistan, a nine fold increase in just a few years.
In fact, when troops started coming out saying we grow the opium, we load it on planes, and
they hit it in plain view.
They had the Marines and Army come out and go, we do help grow the opium, it's to keep
Al-Qaeda from getting it.
But if your kid or you get caught with opium, folks, or even caught with a derivative, legal
prescription drug, you're going to jail.
And the stuff, legal and legal, is shipped in by our so-called government.
It's not our government.
There it is, Afghanistan is still world's top opium supplier.
And it goes on to say 90% of global supply, and what's the source on that?
Christian Science Monitor, I love how they spin it, Afghan still world's top opium supplier
despite 10 years of US war, US-led war.
That's why it went up.
I mean, I can play Marines on video, Marine Corps colonel, saying we grow the opium.
I've talked to the troops on air, you've heard them, who, yeah, we loaded on C-130s and fly
to America.
They land at Air Force bases and Army bases, and the colonels and generals get a cut of
it.
And then it rolls out on the streets for your daughter to OD.
And then a cop, when they pull me over, says, got any drugs in the car?
And I'm like, yeah, I got a cup of coffee right here, buddy, it's a drug, leave me alone.
I'm not playing your game anymore, okay?
Now why is this so groundbreaking that it's an AP Reuters, AFP, you name it?
In a provocative speech on Sunday, Karzai said the US was in daily talks with the Taliban
and that insurgent suicide attacks enabled the international military force to justify
its presence in Afghanistan.
Quote, the bombs that were detonated in Kabul and coast were not a show of force, they were
serving America.
He said in a televised speech referring to two suicide blasts in which 19 people were
killed.
And this is one drug dealer, he's a drug dealer on record, fighting with the banker interests.
There's no honor amongst these guys, US troops are dying for it, we're paying for it.
What, the Iraq war was a couple trillion?
How much does the Afghan war cost conservatively?
Over a trillion bucks?
You're paying so smack, poppies can be grown and shipped in here and turned into heroin,
purified into heroin out of opium.
And I mean, that is a fact.
And then I see national neocons going, Alex Jones is a traitor, saying our government
runs Al-Qaeda, not our government, criminal mega banks offshore run Al-Qaeda.
Our government is putting Al-Qaeda in Libya, Syria, they're putting the Muslim Brotherhood
in charge, burning churches and blowing things up.
Right now, I've got a stack of news where Christians all over the world and US backed
regimes are being killed.
Our government right now, in Syria, in a two year war, is putting Al-Qaeda in, burning
churches, murdering Christians in mass, that's mainstream news, okay?
The globalists run Al-Qaeda and they use the threat to take our liberties and the TSA and
all of it.
It's elementary, it's full spectrum dominance, wake up or be slaves.
Our number two coming up, I was right, apologize to me.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day.
If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better.
You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared.
For years, we've told you about our friends at eFoods Direct.
They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food on the planet.
This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight.
A long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing
you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from eFoods Direct.
Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping
on all food supplies.
Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared.
Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health.
At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection of
silver-based products.
Our most popular silver-based products are the 32-ounce nano silver solutions, our 2-ounce
nano silver nasal applicators, as well as our all-natural silver soaps.
Just released is our 100% natural silver gel.
Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and
leave the silver at the surface.
But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry
of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more
effectively.
Visit www.SilverLungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver-based products
are best for you.
That's www.SilverLungs.com.
Coast to coast, direct from Austin.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
From his Central Texas command center, deep behind enemy lines, the information war continues.
It's Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
All right, ladies and gentlemen, I'm back in the saddle again in this segment and the
next.
I'm gonna break down how big a deal it is to have Mohammed Karzai, who is a thug but
put in by the left, come out and say, look, the US government, that means criminal elements
that run it, are staging terror attacks as a pretext to keep control here in Afghanistan
of the opium.
And that's what the full speech gets into.
And it's the elephant in the room.
The Taliban was hired in the late 70s and then Al-Qaeda was created to take over the
region.
The West has always funded the radical Muslims.
And again, I have this special report coming up.
Guys, I hit print on my special report.
It's Al-Qaeda 100% Pentagon run and I think that printer must be out of, it doesn't matter.
I just wanna plug this report, we come back and play it.
This is from 2011, March 31st, 2011.
So that's two years ago.
That's two years ago, I put the piece out, Al-Qaeda 100% Pentagon run.
And by the way, I don't deserve any kudos or any accolades on this front.
This is like going, Alex Jones said that the Yankees baseball team is in New York.
And I went and looked and it's in New York.
Man, that guy is, whoa, that guy's smart, whoa.
I mean, I've never heard of somebody this smart.
And it's not that the general public's stupid, they're experts in mindless garbage.
That's what Bernays and the psych warfare chiefs, 80, 90 years ago, wrote multiple books
on bragging.
Let's not call it the Department of War, let's call it the Department of Defense.
Let's have feminists smoke cigarettes, this young lady likes to smoke cigarettes so women
weren't buying them.
And let's say it's feminists who smoke cigarettes, then we'll get a new market.
It's all about manipulating you.
Well, I wanna tell you all the magic tricks.
And what's funny is they've all written blueprints how they're doing it.
They're that arrogant.
I mean, it was in the news.
Because the press is controlled, but they're just yes men, they're not even operatives,
most of them.
It was in the news.
Al-Qaeda trained at US bases, this colonel went public, Colonel Butler.
Al-Qaeda trained at this air base, Al-Qaeda trained at this Navy base, Al-Qaeda went to
this defense language school.
Yes, the head of the embassy says they were ordered to let Al-Qaeda in by name.
There was a secret program with Mohammed Atta.
And then I went and I interviewed Springman and I interviewed the people and I called
him and I went, folks, all I know is the hijackers were double US agents bare minimum, this should
be a news item.
Hey, folks, they're buying billions of bullets.
There are no bullets, there are no armored vehicles.
The government doesn't run Al-Qaeda, even though it's all admitted.
And now Mohammed Karzai is running around saying this.
And again, I don't agree with him, because I just wanna agree, I know this story's true.
We had army generals and colonels go public in the Times of London and San Francisco Chronicle
about the Airlift of Evil in 2002, saying they would capture Taliban generals, they
would capture Al-Qaeda commanders, and they would be ordered to release them.
But wait, don't just release them.
Here is a chest of gold bars, you know how much a large chest was described to each person
to go start their new operation in Pakistan.
And it's incredible how they BS these top Muslims, cuz they're all part of these weird
Masonic Muslim lodges.
And they really think they're part of the Red Fez Brigade and all this weird stuff.
And there's this back channel, but really it's just criminals on top.
And even the suicide bombers think they're fighting America, and all they're adding is
a simulant, so that there are real people killing our troops, so there's an excuse to
be there.
See, if there aren't people killing our troops, there's no reason to be there.
So you don't, this is so amazing.
It's on record that they took like 10, 12, 13, 14-year-old kids and put them in rings,
in ditches, in trenches.
Then the weeks before 9-11, knowing the attack was coming, it was all staged, the fight for
Allah, CIA Al Qaeda commanding them.
And then they weren't allowed to attack the actual cities with the bombardments.
They just killed kids as a simulant for our news cameras to say, look, we've gone and
invaded.
I mean, let me tell you, is that not evil?
Is that not incredible?
And that's all that's going on here, folks.
Introducing Pro One, all of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go.
No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolicic
acid.
Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one
filter element.
It is the only one that does it and out of the gates.
We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro Pure with the new Pro One filters today at infowarstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Crashing through the lies and disinformation, it's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Well the known opium dealer whose brother was the admitted top opium dealer in the world,
Mohammed Karzai, has come out in a major speech saying that the United States is running Al
Qaeda and Taliban and bombing bases and bombing hotels as a pretext to stay there.
Now he's a horrible thug, but a dictator, they have fake elections put in by the West.
It's not the US government, it's the criminal globalist that are running Al Qaeda.
And here's a report I filed on March 31st, 2011 titled Al Qaeda 100% Pentagon run breaking
it all down.
Again, the fact is Al Qaeda is used to take over countries, it's used to threaten America,
it's used to bring in world government.
Al Qaeda works for the globalist, here it is.
The system thinks you're stupid, they think you're morons.
And I'm about to cover one of the biggest examples of this in modern history.
One of the biggest hoaxes I've ever seen.
Anyone who's followed the news for the last few decades, anyone who's researched, admitted
mainline history, knows that Al Qaeda was CIA created with the backing and support of
the Saudi Arabians and the Israelis as well as Pakistani intelligence.
Zbigniew Brzezinski's written two books bragging that in 79 they created the group, had them
attacked the Russians to get them to then invade Afghanistan so that the Soviets could
have their quote Vietnam.
This is a fact.
And the Muslim brigades being controlled by British intelligence goes back to Lawrence
of Arabia.
And then Hitler took over the Middle East during the first few years of World War II
and they went over to his control.
But the hoax is that in the attack against the Serbs to take over Serbia, it was admitted
Al Qaeda and Osama bin Laden running those operations and then NATO came in and bombed
all of Serbia and they were forced to give up one third of their land basically to Albanian
backed Muslim rebels who were calling themselves Al Qaeda.
Then of course, we have the attacks of 9-11 and the Newsweek headlines about hijackers
trained at US bases and the Dean of the Defense Language School coming out and saying that
they were trained at US bases.
And then you have the Times of London as well reporting on the airlift of evil.
Months after the Afghanistan war started, US military and British military captured
thousands of top Al Qaeda and Taliban commanders and they would be ordered to release them
and fly them out into Pakistan to start the next wave of destabilization.
So Al Qaeda on record is a CIA slash British slash Israeli slash Saudi Arabian creation
and they're used all over the world.
And then you add to that Fox News AP last October 2010 reporting Amr al-Awlaki, the
guy they're now saying is more powerful than Osama bin Laden, trained in the US, ran the
underwear bombing, the Christmas Day event, ran the Fort Hood shooting, ran the Times
square attack, the list goes on and on, the shoe bomber.
He's always handling these patsies and it turns out he's secretly hanging out at the
Pentagon when he's been on the most wanted list and getting orders and having dinner
with the Secretary of the Army and top brass while he's on the news as the head of Al Qaeda.
Julie Kurtz transits from Washington.
You've got to be kidding me.
Yeah, here's what we know.
Fox News has learned that Amr al-Awlaki, the American Muslim cleric, remember him with
a worldwide following, dined with military brass at the Pentagon within months of a 9-11
attacks.
Now, you add to this hoax now that the openly Western funded rebels in the east of Libya,
and I'm not saying Qaddafi's a good guy, the point is the West overthrew Egypt and its
own puppet to the east of Libya.
They've brought down Tunisia.
Now it's admitted that British special forces were inside Eastern Libya even before the
latest rebellion started.
So Al Qaeda rebels and it's admitted that the head of the Libyan rebels was trained
by the CIA for decades in Virginia and he admits that he's working with Al Qaeda.
Al Qaeda.
And so I have to get up here and either say no to this hoax and expose the facts or say
I'm a bad American because I refuse to say that now Al Qaeda are freedom fighters and
great people.
I must refuse to be ignorant and not face the facts of history.
But the average gullible person out there who buys into the system will make the decision
to say, I guess Al Qaeda's good.
It's like 1984, we've never been at war with East Asia and the next day we've always been
at war with East Asia.
And if you pointed out that, well, you said we were at war with them yesterday, but we're
not at war today and that we were never at war, then you get arrested in that system.
And that's basically where this country and where the West is going, where the system
thinks we're so stupid that Western intelligence is in the east of Libya, using radical Muslim
Al Qaeda backed out of Saudi Arabia and arms out of Saudi Arabia and Egypt to destabilize
Gaddafi.
And Gaddafi then fights armed force trying to overthrow the government.
And our media calls them protesters, protesters who had tanks and missile launchers and Western
weapons.
The poor protesters and the media lied and said he strafed protesters turned out that
wasn't true.
The media lied and said that he'd run to Venezuela to try to give the rebels support, think they
would win.
It doesn't mean that there aren't groups in Libya who don't like the goofy dictator Muammar
Gaddafi.
But Muammar Gaddafi is independent and has tried to build a strong Africa outside of
the New World Order.
And that's why he must be brought down.
He doesn't have a international private central bank running his country.
They have their own central bank.
And that's why the system is doing this.
And they think we have no memory where they're telling us Al Qaeda is horrible, we've got
to take all your liberties in America because they may attack you any minute.
The end of the Bill of Rights, freedom is dead.
America surrenders and gives up all its rights to Homeland Security to keep us safe because
of Al Qaeda.
But then Al Qaeda, who wants to overthrow the secular Arab leader, Gaddafi, is being
brought in to do this.
And then we're being told it's humanitarian and we've got to bomb them and attack them
to protect them.
I mean, think about it, folks.
Amr al-Awlaki, the number one guy under a mid laden secretly hanging out the Pentagon.
The Taliban and Al Qaeda being flown out to safety in the first few months of the Afghan
war to start the next crisis.
Al Qaeda being used to attack the Serbs.
When the Serbs fight back, it's humanitarian, we've got to bomb them.
They just move Al Qaeda around all over the world, call them humanitarian freedom fighters
if anybody resists them.
And then the UN and NATO comes in and bombs the daylights out of them.
But at least with the attack in the 90s against Serbia, they went and got congressional authorization
for force.
And he's bush with his illegal wars, because they were still wars of aggression, but he
went and got the Congress to sign off on it, wasn't engaged in that form of brazen treason.
Obama, less than 48 hours after the UN gave that resolution to invade, openly in front
of everyone.
He ordered the US military to start bombing and firing cruise missiles when out in the
open, the UN had given the order and Obama hadn't even consulted Congress.
This is a huge issue that's taking place here, my friends.
And I hope you'll research the fact that Al Qaeda is an arm of the globalist.
Al Qaeda is an arm of the New World Order.
Al Qaeda is a system that the New World Order uses to menace civilizations into giving up
their liberties in the name of protection.
And also to go stir up revolutions and wars to then pose as freedom fighters so the globalist
have an excuse to come in and take over countries.
This is 21st century imperialism and Al Qaeda is the key set piece on this game of chess
to bring us into the world government.
They are a creation of the private banking cartels who are waging wars against the nation
state and all basic liberties that defend the rights of the indigenous populations of
the nation states.
Al Qaeda is CIA, is MI6, is Mossad, is Saudi Arabian intelligence.
And they've got British SAS dressed up like Al Qaeda shooting at police in Basra to get
Sunnis and Shiites killing each other.
I mean, Al Qaeda is the Swiss Army knife of destabilization.
They are that magic go to tool that's used to foment the crisis so the globalists have
the excuse to offer the solution.
We've broken down one of the biggest modern ongoing hoaxes in history where you're un-American
if you don't support the freedom fighters of Al Qaeda.
Well, I don't support them and I don't agree with what Ronald Reagan said about them saying
that they were founding father material.
I don't like Al Qaeda.
Now, you may hate me because I don't love Al Qaeda.
I'm not gonna apologize.
I'm sorry.
I hate Al Qaeda and I hate their handlers even more.
All right, folks, that's my report from two years ago.
We're gonna come back from break and get into the fact that, I mean, I said that months
ago when it happened, the West is blowing up major buildings and infrastructure in Afghanistan
as an excuse to keep US troops there to get the opium.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons.
But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria,
viruses, moles, and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it
the number one choice of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com.
Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day.
If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better.
You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared.
For years we've told you about our friends at e Foods Direct.
They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food on the planet.
This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight.
A long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing
you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from e Foods Direct.
Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping
on all food supplies.
Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared.
Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com slash Alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to efoodsdirect.com slash Alex.
You can bet your life on e Foods Direct.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms, but if you don't have a home security
system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe.
It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to getsimplisafe.com SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit, or shed.
Getsimplisafe.com SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install
yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
Introducing Pro One, all of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go.
No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolicic
acid.
Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one
filter element.
It is the only one that does it, and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off
with promo code WATER.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolicic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro Pure with the new Pro One filters today at infowarskstore.com or by calling
888-253-3139.
Coast to coast, direct from Austin, you're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
Crashing through the lies and disinformation, it's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
All right, I'm just going to cover news for the rest of the 40 minutes we've got left
today.
No calls.
I'll be taking calls tomorrow on the weekday show, 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. because I've got so
much I need to get to.
If you're a new listener and you're saying, well, what do you mean Al-Qaeda works for
our government, they attacked us on 9-11.
You have to stop thinking the government at the top is like you.
You don't cheat on your quote taxes, even though they're a fraud paid to the private
Federal Reserve.
You don't cheat on your wife.
You're a nice guy, you're a nice lady.
That's not how everybody else is.
And if you've read a history book, you'd know how other governments operated, and you'd
recognize what's happening.
The worst criminals have gotten in government, put there by select globalist corporations
that operate as governments themselves.
Of the 100 biggest economies, more than half of them are corporations, you understand that?
And they're cutthroat, and they want to shut down their competition, and they want to take
over countries, and they want to destabilize areas.
And so the West radicalized Muslims.
The British did it about 100 years ago to take over the Middle East.
Hitler came in and took over from them, kicked them out for a while.
Look this up, it's all mainline history.
Look up the Boxer Rebellion, how the Chinese, 160, 70 years ago, made opium illegal.
We can punch up an article about the Opium Wars.
And because they made it illegal, it made there be a black market.
But British intelligence was able to take over China and implode the country.
Well, that's all our drug war is.
They make drugs illegal so they can ship them in and make higher profits, but then use the
breakdown of society as a pretext to then imprison everybody.
So I'm gonna explain this.
Foreign mega banks run the CIA, they run the UN, they have diplomatic immunity.
They're kicking out scores of top generals who won't go along with this right now.
And now Mohammed Karzai, after almost 13 years, he's a mafia don, he's an opium king, he's
really the mayor of Kabul.
He is being checkmated by Al Qaeda and Taliban now, has been trying to kill him, and who
killed his brother.
And since they killed his brother a few years ago, he's come out against the West, cuz they're
trying to double-cross him.
Just like they double-cross Saddam, who they put in.
And he said, hey, you're running Al Qaeda, you're running the opium, don't you try to
do this to me.
Don't you ever think about that.
So it's not that I trust him, I know this is already true.
And it's amazing to see how the media is handling it.
Troubles mount for Hagel on first Afghan visit.
That's how they spin it, but we put the headline on it, Afghan leader alleges US Taliban colluding.
That's actually the AFP headline.
And let's punch out drugsreport.com, Drugs Report gets it right.
He has a link to Reuters, Where they break down this fact.
You guys can just punch up my screen if you want, there you go for TV viewers.
Karzai accuses US Taliban of collaborating, and Afghanistan Karzai blasts US, marring
Hagel visit.
He goes through to say, the bombing is a destabilization program, folks, it came out in court.
The Iraqi government put in by our government, caught repeatedly US, British, Israeli, Pakistani,
Afghan, and what was the other one, Ukrainian mercenaries.
Fucked us up.
This is in the London Guardian, dressed up like Wahhabist Muslims, Sunnis, shooting Shiites,
trying to get a sectarian war going in 2005, 2006, 2007.
And it got so bad, I had the former top CIA advisor Ronald Reagan on, Ray McGovern, White
House briefer for Ronald Reagan, George Bush Sr.
I had him on and he broke down when it first happened.
They blew up the Golden Mosque and he exposed, let's get Ray McGovern back on by the way
folks on this Karzai thing this week, go after McGovern, thank you, put a note on that.
High level CIA because they're not all criminals, folks, they don't like what's happening.
To expose they blew up the Golden Mosque, what was that in 2008?
To get the Muslims all killing each other and said the Sunnis had blown up the Shiite
mosque or was it vice versa?
You see, when you realize it's not America versus the Muslims, it's not Israel versus
the Muslims, it's globalist versus everybody creating crises to destroy economies so they
can come in and buy everything up cheap.
Or so they can have wars for no bid contracts, or so they can get the oil and then shut the
oil off to increase the profits in their other oil holdings.
There's a lot of evidence that Hugo Chavez probably worked for the globalist cuz he actually
cut back on oil production, which is what they'd ordered Saddam to do in 1990.
But he wanted to pay off the national debts.
He was driving down oil prices to what, 75 cents, 65 cents a gallon?
Since we got all that oil, did prices go up or down, they went up.
Venezuela cuts off the oil.
The West gets control of Iraq, they cut production, this OPEC wants production cut.
And who's the head of that, Saudi Arabia, and who runs Al-Qaeda, Saudi Arabia, who took
over Libya, who's taken over Syria, who provides the commandos, who funds Al-Qaeda, Saudi Arabia.
Where did the hijackers come from?
I don't know they really hijacked or what really happened.
I know that they were in the news as US agents.
And US officers, colonels went public and said, Mohammed Atta trained in my class, AP
Reuters.
And I called the colonel up.
First it was in the San Jose Mercury News and I said, sir, I'd like you on.
He said, listen, I'm getting threats, they're gonna court-martial me.
I heard some woman going, they've already threatened you, get off that phone, click.
Two days later, the court-martial begins, national security violation.
He violated national security, Mohammed Atta, the lead hijacker, and four others were in
his class for a year, cuz the dean also caught classes.
He taught spies, he taught code breaking, the hijackers he saw on the news were in his
class.
How dare you say 9-11's an inside job, what does that mean?
It's a fact, I don't know the whole details, it's like a criminal investigation.
It's like we've dug up a body in somebody's backyard, a kid's been missing for three years.
Somebody says, we got a tip that he did something with a kid, you get a warrant, you go dig
it, there's a skeleton of a little kid in the backyard, it matches the dental records.
I'm saying that the globalist pulled off 9-11, they're like, you haven't convicted him.
When did he grab the kid?
All I know is the dead kid's in his backyard, and he's the prime suspect, okay?
I mean, I could go on for hour after hour after hour with you of the evidence of 9-11.
The official story is a fable of fraud, there was a NORAD stand down.
I mean, literally, there's thousands of pieces of evidence.
The first Road to Tyranny, it's online somewhere, I think it's called Road to Tyranny Emergency
Release.
It's like three hours long, and I just go through hundreds of mainstream articles admitting
all this.
The thing is, it all gets admitted, it's back of the paper though.
The real propaganda is whatever the cover of the paper is.
I'm gonna do one more little piece when we come back.
My son a few months ago, he comes up to work once a week, and he came up here, and he wanted
to talk about government-sponsored terror, so he cut a little piece called Terrorism
101.
We're gonna re-air it, it's about two and a half minutes long, then I'll get into the
Southern Poverty Law Center that is a mouthpiece of the Justice Department saying conservatives
and libertarians are terrorists, and that I'm a terrorist, stay with us.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Bend Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth-friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com, or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one-to-two-month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now, or save big with a one-to-two-year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars, and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com, or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
A little over a year ago, I began to do a lot of research into why, even if I had a
pretty good-sized meal, that I was still starving.
And my research led me to a well-known fact that most of the soils that we grow our crops
on here in the United States and across the industrialized world are almost completely
depleted of almost all of the key minerals and trace elements that our bodies need to
rebuild themselves, fight off cancer, and be healthy.
I then searched out the best vitamin and mineral company out there and discovered Young Jevity.
The Young Jevity products are designed to give you the real nutrition you need.
And once you've got that, you don't have to eat as much to be satisfied.
I've lost 37 pounds in two months, simply getting the vitamins and minerals I need.
Check it out for yourself.
It's incredible.
Go to Infowarsteam.com today and order your first canister of Beyond Tangy Tangerine Complete
Multivitamin Mineral Complex Dietary Supplement.
That's Infowarsteam.com.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons.
But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria,
viruses, moles, and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it
the number one choice of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to SupernaturalSilver.com.
Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
You may be arrested and or subject to other police action.
Tyranny is here.
The grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality.
It really says that the state is God.
The United States is now recognized globally as one of the most impressive police states
on earth.
This film conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps now being
expanded nationwide.
This documentary exposes how the continuity of government program has established an all-powerful
shadow state.
Police State 4 chronicles the sickening depths to which our republic has fallen.
There to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship, body scammers, sound cameras,
citizen spies, stage terror and cameras on every street corner.
It's only the beginning of the New World Order's hellish plan.
The police state isn't coming.
It's here.
Secure your copy today at Infowars.com or see it online in the highest quality at PrisonPlanet.tv.
Mystic Coast, direct from Austin.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
We now take you live to the Central Texas Command Center in the heart of the resistance.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Show.
So if you're a group of mega banks, six of them have gotten the world to accept derivatives,
fake fiat counterfeit digits, fraud, you want a couple things.
You want governments that want high taxes because you can selectively set it where you're
exempt and that money's transferred to you.
And you wanna make the governments back up your debt, too big to fail.
And you also wanna make sure people politically never stand up to you and are never able to
take your countries back.
And so the exact same program of control is used in Australia, that's used in Europe,
that's used in the Middle East, that's used here.
They basically say you're a terrorist or an extremist and then blow stuff up and blame
it on you if you don't go along with them.
And they stonewall and lie and make things up.
I mean, Operation Gladio has been declassified in Italy, NATO has declassified some of it,
some of it's been declassified here.
Just in Italy, it was over 200 bombings from the 50s into the 80s, killing hundreds at
a time, school buses, train stations, that they would blame on political groups, conservative,
liberal, communist, they didn't care.
If your group was getting popular, Operation Gladio, NATO option, just look it up, they
would blow up a school bus and say you did it.
It's called a frame up.
The czars were real famous for it.
But it's even better if you can go hire a group of radical Muslims whose leader is a
globalist or just a criminal who are literally under cultural mind control.
You don't have to drug them up or anything.
They grew up in a dirt village, they were already bombed by the west, they already hate
you.
So they're working for the west and they will come and blow you up, they will come and suicide
bomb you.
And then you get to take the people's liberties and have a multi-trillion dollar every decade
defense budget domestically and have the defense take over domestically.
So you make money off the contracts while you militarize the society.
And Eisenhower, our president warned us about this.
So they always spin it like you don't like military checkpoints, you're anti-military.
Really?
Our military doesn't like having checkpoints.
Our military knows it's unconstitutional.
Our military still remembers the Constitution and their oath.
It's the military that's the most against this.
Here's a Daily Mail article.
Special Forces acts their plan to infiltrate Utah and tame the indigenous population after
locals complain about exercises imposing martial law.
And they've always had this training drill.
But some cops, they tried to disarm cops, killed them a few years ago in North Carolina.
You can look that up.
You can move the 10th Special Forces Group out to Utah.
But here's the deal.
That's the cover.
The cover in the program, Robin Sage, is that I talked to the chief of police, Ali Philippus,
in 1998.
The film is online.
It's in my film, Police Day 2000.
And they tried to bribe him.
They came with buckets of cash and had already bought off the whole city council.
See, they're using exercise as the cover.
This is no exercise.
They've bought off almost every major police department and government facility and system.
Or if they say no, they're marked down as not being part of it.
And the crazy part is, they first send in the trainees to make everybody think it's
a drill.
And then a year later, they send in Delta Force.
And most of what Delta Force does is not shimmying down ropes.
It is coming in in plain clothes and buying off your SWAT team commanders, your police
chiefs, the local top preachers.
You don't believe me, Ali Philippus, Alex Jones interviews San Antonio police chief.
It's all over the Internet, go watch the video.
And he was former Army Intelligence in Vietnam.
He knew infiltration.
He knew this is what they did in Vietnam.
He's like, this is bad.
Thomas Sanchez in the late 90s, former Special Operations Vietnam, knew what was happening.
And they came to him with this same thing.
See, a lot of these vets that have done this to other countries who were in Special Forces
or Black Ops, they're like, well, what do you mean?
We've done this before.
What are you doing?
I'm not gonna be part of this.
And that's the big problem the globalist have is the people, the old timers have already
seen all this and they're blowing the whistle.
It was old timers in the 60s warned everybody, like Eisenhower.
It was old timers who said they're gonna take over with a global corporate government.
See, we've been warned, folks, it's why we got a chance to beat this.
I just got chills, just now, I just got chills.
The system isn't that powerful.
It needs us to play along with their cover stories.
But if we talk about what's happening before it becomes mainstream, people will then understand
the backstory when it happens.
If you tell them after it happens, they'll buy the cover story.
Like I remember going to the Travis County SWAT team, because I knew they were visiting
every major city and trying to pay them off.
So I said, you'll be visited by Delta Force soon with money.
They're gonna try to get you to surveil people, including the county leaders, and try to sheepdip
you into the CIA.
And Lieutenant Bette goes, I'm a Vietnam sniper veteran, get out of my office.
Our government would never do that.
You are a nut, Jones.
Call me a couple months later and he goes, can you come down here?
I got the guy's card.
How did you know all this, exactly what you said happened?
They fired him after that, though.
It's just crazy.
Get out of my office, you nut.
I said I'd talk to you, but that's crazy, that isn't going on.
Cuz that was before the Internet, it was really big, and I couldn't show him the interview.
And I said, no, I got an interview with the police chief, it's happening.
Whatever, I got stuff to do.
There's no Delta Force infiltrating Texas.
Let's go to break with a clip of my son.
People say, why is he wearing a Guy Fawkes mask for watching on TV?
To cover his identity.
And if he's gonna wear a Guy Fawkes mask, then he does a British accent.
So that's why he does that.
But here is my son, who wrote this on his own, listening to the show.
My son on Terrorism 101, and then we'll come back with the top stories straight ahead.
Here it is.
Hello, your friendly neighborhood patriot here for an episode of How Terrorism Really Works.
First off, our terrorist group needs a scary name, can you say El Cieda?
Let's try again, El Cieda, it does roll off the tongue, El Cieda, it's a perfect name.
Now let's say the green piece here represents the terrorists.
The terrorists then move into Pakistan or Afghanistan, or whatever stand is not under
banker control.
The media then joins in to hype up the terror threat.
Dry hand operates with impunity from safe havens inside Pakistan, and one deductive
dollars will be raised to Afghanistan and drop into the cover.
Once the terror threat is established, the banksters, puppets, send in the troops to
take out the terrorist they put in there in the first place.
Then the bankers install their own dictator to take control of the resources and oppress
the people.
As a bonus, the banks, via the black ops and intelligence agencies, will then ship the
drugs back into the host country so they can imprison their own citizens for using the
drugs, make huge profits selling the drugs which finance other terror operations around
the globe, and the cherry on the top is billions upon billions made on money laundering operations
for the bankers.
In a sense, you're watching as this opium is being grown, I know it grinds at your gut,
how do you deal with it, what are you doing about it?
Well, frankly, this is a part of the culture, so while it might grind in my gut, it's what
they do.
If the citizens of the host country get wise to these schemes or get uppity, the banks
via media will hype a nuclear terror threat, or an underwear bomber or a Christmas tree
bomber.
Any excuse to take the American people's rights?
Well, that just about wraps it up for Terrorism 101, how terrorism really works.
I'm your friendly neighborhood patriot, and now remember what Big Brother and other authoritarians
say, whatever you do, don't visit Infowars.com, oh no, the control freaks don't like it.
All right, there is my 10-year-old son, did that a couple months ago, airing that here
for TV viewers.
If you're a radio listener, it's a whole other dimension if you're watching on InfowarsNews.com
or prisonplanet.tv.
We're going to come back and just jam in all the news I haven't gotten to in the final
segment and I'll be back tomorrow, 11 a.m. Central, and by the way, thank God I'm here
on air, I am so blessed to be able to relay this information to you, and I'm so humbled.
When a bunch of people showed up for a rally for the First Amendment yesterday with their
children and things, it really humbles me, so I want to thank all our supporters and
fellow Liberty Lovers.
I salute you, we are brothers in arms, sisters in arms, God bless you, you're just amazing
people.
Introducing Pro One, all of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go, no more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolicic
acid.
Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one
filter element.
It is the only one that does it, and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off
with promo code water.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolicic acid, the most common form of fluoride not
covered by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro Pure with the new Pro One filters today at Infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Bend Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning
needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms, but if you don't have a home security
system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out Simply Safe.
It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to GetSimplySafe.com.
Simply Safe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit, or shed.
GetSimplySafe.com.
Simply Safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes so there's no
need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but Simply Safe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com.
I had tried everything.
I'd cut back the amount of food I was eating.
I was lifting weights and jogging, but nothing was working.
My body was literally starving for minerals and trace elements as well as key vitamins.
And as soon as I had that, I immediately could eat half of what I was eating previously and
be satisfied.
Now, there are hundreds of great products at InfoWarsTeam.com, but I want to point
out the three that have helped me lose 37 pounds in just two months.
Products like Beyond Tangy Tangerine, Holland Burst, and Rebound.
When I started taking the Tangy Tangerine and other products every day, I lost more
than 37 pounds in just two months.
Now that's results.
I want to challenge my listeners to go to InfoWarsTeam.com and to order just three
of their products.
And you will see the changes in the way you look, feel, and in your appetite almost immediately.
Start your journey to health and wellness today, InfoWarsTeam.com.
Coast to Coast, direct from Austin.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
Defending the Republic from enemies foreign and domestic, it's Alex Jones.
And a lot of people hear all this news and they say, well, what's the point?
Well, the point is when you stand up, you have a free country.
When you roll over, you're a slave.
I mean, it's real simple.
There are good people, there are bad people, there are different forces in the universe
and so many people act like they have no power.
You have incredible power.
You know, I saw the article a few days ago, Japan mouse clone 26 generations and still
going 500 plus mice clones total.
I don't see how that's 26 generations, but whatever.
And I mean, I remember reading about clones they had 30 years ago of humans.
And then I see mainstream news articles going, Jones claims there's human clones already.
He's insane.
It just shows how the public has no idea what's even going on.
They kill the clones in the test tubes.
So they argue that's not a human, so it's not a clone, or so it hasn't been brought
to term.
Or they'll add cow genes, pig genes to it, they've been doing that for at least 20 years.
And then say it's not human cuz it's 1% pig, so it has no rights.
And reportedly in all those different underground bases and government facilities and corporate
facilities, they have just got some hellish stuff.
But it doesn't have rides cuz it's not human.
It's 1% jellyfish.
It's like little monkeys, I remember them reading like 15 years ago they were selling
in South Korea that were part jellyfish that people can buy rhesus monkeys that glow in
the dark.
And every time I mentioned that, people send me emails going, you liar, there's no such
thing.
I mean, the public is like in the 1950s.
I mean, I can't even get people to understand that they publicly run Al-Qaeda.
The globalists want you bankrupt under Agenda 21.
They want your guns.
There's all these books written by the science czar John B. Aldrin and others about spiking
food and water and vaccines to sterilize you.
The UN's been caught doing it.
And then people still are like, I trust the government, I'm gonna take the vaccines.
Or there are too many people, like you're part of the establishment, but you got the
memo not to drink the fluoride water.
No, the people that think they're part of the establishment, they all go along with
the diet drinks with the aspartame on record that they now admit in new studies, CBS News
causing type 2 diabetes to skyrocket.
I had scientists on ten years ago telling you that.
I mean, this is life and death stuff here.
This isn't like it's, that crazy guy Alex Jones.
You're gonna find out how crazy.
We're basically now in the basement of a society, of a technological system.
And under national and corporate security, they're building the future.
And we're not part of it.
Why the future doesn't need us, as Bill Joy said, he went to that tech conference.
This is now 13 years ago.
He was worth $4 billion, and he's worth even more.
Founder of Sun Microsystems, in the bald and Google, Apple, all of it.
And he said, I met with several hundred top world owners of tech.
And the consensus was, we're gonna just kill everybody.
And they put it on screen, why the future doesn't need us.
Our most powerful 21st century technologies, robotics, genetic engineering, and nanotech
are threatening to make humans an endangered species.
And then people will say, well, there are too many of us.
Okay, are you ready to walk the plank?
And the point is, we'll probably destroy ourselves even if we didn't try.
The establishment is doing everything they can with thousands of companies with gene
guns, randomly splicing human, animal, RNA, DNA, animals and humans, DNA, virus, RNA.
Just splicing everything with plants, you name it, open air, horrible new diseases,
allergies, life expectancy dropping, all these new problems.
The government's building underground bunkers, emergency seed vaults, while telling us we're
cooks if we dig in.
It's crazy.
And then I'm somebody who wants humanity to make it.
I'm somebody who wants there to be a future, not cuz I'm some goody-two shoe, I wanna survive.
I want my kids to have a future.
I want your kids to have a future so they can be together in the future and their children.
I mean, I just have goodwill, is that so bad?
Is that so rare that I get upset by tyranny?
I get upset by South by Southwest goons walking around guys going, you can't hand stuff out
on the street.
You can't say so, we got big muscles.
I mean, I get fundamentally angry at that because I have instincts for survival.
I have instincts for liberty.
And I read all the top globalist publications of how they're building a world government
to shut off the resources and then to release bioweapons plagues.
And how they're gonna pose as the saviors while they release them, killing us off in
concentric order and they write books on it and nobody cares?
And then their argument is, cuz I've talked to globalist off record, as a journalist I
wear that hat and I have a lot of contacts cuz I don't ever reveal sources.
And they're like, Alex, the public would be ten times more evil than us.
They would tear you limb from limb.
They don't care, which is evidence of why what we're doing is right.
And no, that's not correct because it is the great's responsibility to build up those that
don't know what's happening.
And then if somebody does something wrong, you deal with them.
And you don't just sit there and put poison in the food and water and raise people on
MSG and aspartame from birth so they're brain damaged, which is all on record.
And then say, look, they're subhuman, they're dumb, let's kill them.
And then I see you globalists are always killing each other.
And then you're always going after the smartest and the most beautiful.
Cuz you're ugly and evil.
You're not elite, you are a cancer, and I've said this 100 times, a cancer is not dominant
because it kills the tissue collective that is a homo sapien sapien, or it is our body
suit, our soul suit, our spirit's earth suit.
And if cancer had a consciousness, it would believe it was dominant and it was partying
and it had total control.
No, you're gonna kill the body, you're gonna kill yourself.
But see, cancer is an eternal cell, they've got a cell lines you cannot kill, they just
keep replicating and never die.
And that's why they are coming out with the cancer vaccine, just like the flu vaccine
gives you the flu just on record, just like the shingles vaccine gives you the shingles
on record, look it up.
See, but it's so evil and so over the top, people don't know how to respond to something
like that, it's so open.
The cancer vaccine is gonna give people cancer, but they believe within that they're going
to find the eternal, look this up, if you don't believe me just type in eternal cell
line, guys do it right now for TV viewers.
The elite believe they're gonna find an eternal cell line and they actually call it, and this
came from a classified source, the zombie virus.
That's why they're hyping zombies.
These people are gonna inject themselves after they've tested a cancer virus on us with an
eternal cell line, man, they're gonna get really mad at this right now, alarms are going
off in Washington, I just released this information.
Down one road, they've got a technocratic merger computer, they've got that plan, and
then they've got another one where they inject themselves with a super cancer virus that
turns the whole body into a cancer.
And you're like, well, that'll kill them, no, they're gonna test it on us, we're the
patient in their practice, they practice on us, we're the human resource.
Guys type in eternal cell line, it'll show Wikipedia, Webster's dictionary, eternal cell
line.
They're gonna ban most guns, register others, and then they'll ban those in Colorado, they're
passing gun bans at the state level all over the country.
And of course, but telling you there's no gun ban coming at the same time, that's all
going on.
Did you guys find my eternal cell line thing?
Yeah, there it is, the eternal cell.
Yeah, no, that's something else, it's eternal.
I'll do it, here.
Yeah, I'm not seeing it come up and I don't know why, yeah, you found it.
New findings about how cells achieve eternal life, yeah, yeah, that's tied into it from
Science News, Patala.
The establishment calls it eternal cell, it's actually got another, it's typing cancer cell
lines that do not die.
And there's a bunch of famous, there's like people that died in the 50s from cancer, and
they've still got those cells.
And that's what they put in your vaccines, yeah, yeah, it's the Lazarus cell, yeah, that's
a better way to call it, cuz it's a zombie cell, the Lazarus cell, that's it.
Which is really a zombie cell, yeah, it's the Lazarus cell, see, I end up doing research
here on air.
The point is, I cover a lot of the news, I'll get to all the rest of it and all the latest
news tomorrow, 11 AM Central, if you don't have your local AM or FM carrying it, they're
just carrying the Sunday show, ask them to pick up the weekday show, 12 noon to 3 PM
Eastern, 9 AM to 12 noon Pacific, 10 to 1 Mountain, and you can always get the free
podcast, click on the listen link at infowars.com and find the free iPhone app right there on
the site.
Okay, that's it for this transmission, I'll cover more on the zombie cells tomorrow, stay
with us, infowars.com
