Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
It is Wednesday, the 13th day of March, 2013. I am your host, Alex Jones, and we are going
to be live here for the next three hours. And George Norie, I've seen the numbers. Trade
publications vary, but the second most listened to show in this country is not Sean Hannity.
And it is not, certainly, Glenn Beck, it is George Norie. And I find him to be a very
interesting individual, and he's really helped us get the word out over the years.
And I wanted to get him on about the nature of reality and where he sees humanity going
and the times that he sees ahead. Because it was George now, ten years ago, who started
putting me on Coast to Coast AM for full shows, three hours. And nowadays, to talk about the
New World Order and prison camps and checkpoints and drones and surveillance grids and deadly
vaccines, that's pretty much passe.
I tuned into two different shows on 590 yesterday, and I tuned into WOAI in San Antonio while
I was out driving to work and driving back yesterday and doing some errands. Every show
was saying there's a police state takeover, the government runs Al-Qaeda, we're in deep
trouble. I mean, I tuned in and heard Jeff Ward, the former NFL kicker and UT football
star.
I know him, we're friends. But the point is, he's more of a mainline libertarian, kind
of thinks I'm far out there. We worked out for a while at the same gym. He was on the
air just going, yeah, yeah, government runs Al-Qaeda. And I heard The Morning Show saying
it. And this is without it being on Drudge Report, which most radio shows go and get
their news from.
This was without even being on Infowars. It was not even a meme in the media. And I heard
three shows yesterday. And when you see a chain reaction like that, and I see that more
and more, or something out of the ether. Well, I haven't called Jeff, but I'll guarantee
you that all three of the shows, WAI and the two 590 shows, heard my Sunday show.
Where I talked about it for about an hour and a half of the two hours, and quoted Muhammad
Carr as I was saying, the US runs Al-Qaeda, Taliban, they're blowing up stuff. Bradley
Manning is basically coming out with a new leaked tape saying similar things. We listen
to the whole thing.
There are mainstream news articles, Fox News, questions, former US military now fighting
for Al-Qaeda. And they said, why do you fight for Al-Qaeda? And he says the US plays both
sides too. The guy's definitely deep cover CIA or a useful idiot operative. The point
is I've just been pointing out what is there and what is admitted.
In the first place, other than my own platform that was still, it was already pretty big
size 10 years ago, but maybe 20% of what it is now. The first place that had the courage
to let me go on the air for three hours, sometimes, every other month, and lay out evidence was
George Norrie.
So I salute him, real trailblazer, he's joining us in the second hour. And then we've got
James O'Keefe, another trailblazer, that's who I admire as trailblazers. Project Veritas
brought down a curtain, what's that, 6 billion a year? They were using the muscle to take
over the city, so the Obama administration brought down a bunch of other tyrants.
They've gone into all these police departments and have the cops saying, no, you should have
no guns, get a dog. That's the new meme, while they have guns, and they laugh on tape and
say that. I mean, just bizarre fruitcakes. And we're gonna be airing that, they're coming
on. Man, the police state news I've got on the other side of this break will just show
you how we are seeing, like Wile E. Coyote sees a rabbit and he sees it on a spit all
dripping with juices and gravy. That's how we're now seen by more and more of the government.
I mean, look out, they're eating out our substance.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Bend Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom
lovers. The prognosis for the entire planetary economic system runs from bad to worse. The
globalist model is to shut down societies and starve patriots out until they acquiesce
to the global takeover. That's why we've assembled the most vital and important preparedness
items at infowarshop.com. These are items that I did research on that I personally use.
You've got the life straw so you can turn fetid water into safe water anywhere you go.
The Ktor hand crank generator to charge up key equipment during power outages or out
in the field. Strategic relocation third edition by Joel Skousen. When disaster strikes by
Matthew Stein. TheraSafe used by Homeland Security to protect yourself during any radiological
event hand crank shortwave AM FM radios. Everything that we've researched and found to be the
best is available at infowarshop.com and your purchase makes our info war possible. We're
getting prepared. Are you infowarshop.com? You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your
arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping or away from home who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power
so even if the grid goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable so you can use
it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed. Getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe
is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes so there's no need to
let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system
with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home but SimpliSafe will stand guard protecting
your property 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Again, that's getsimplisafe.com. We now take
you live to the Central Texas Command Center in the heart of the resistance. You're listening
to the Alex Jones Show.
You will remember going back about four years ago, we began to get Homeland Security internal
documents and publish them from state police, federal marshals, FBI and others where they
were already telling them the number one terror threat is returning veterans, gun owners,
libertarians, constitutionalist, land rights activist, end the fetters, Ron Paul supporters.
They said that is the threat, that is who you'll prepare for war with. And they've taught
every police department in America that takes federal funds for four years that they will
face US Army and Marines and Navy personnel.
Veterans will bomb them with IEDs. Now, we can open the phones up, the cops will all
call in and tell you they've been trained for that. That's been in the news after we
broke it. People couldn't believe it, couldn't believe it for four or five days when we first
broke the MIAC, then not just the state level report, the federal master report and others.
And since then, there's over 100 FBI manuals and flyers given to every business you can
imagine. From animal husbandry to tattoos, from barbershops to clothiers, you name it,
saying blue jeans, cell phones, a sign of terrorism, but the number one sign, and it
says it in the manuals, but I'm about to show you one right now.
Not a manual, LA Times, they say being white is the sign of terror. Then two years ago,
and the story went viral, we wrote an article because we saw someone had posted internal
DHS training videos on YouTube. And later, DHS posted the very ones, people didn't think
they were real at first, showing them patrolling highways, roads, grocery stores, malls, sporting
events.
Now ladies and gentlemen, last week, and I told you it was a big deal, the Southern Poverty
Law Center that is the mouthpiece of the Justice Department. I mean, they ran the informants
that ran Ellaheem City, that ran McVeigh. And they came and said, there's about to be
a terror attack by the right wing, take their rights, and then the building blew up.
They have crystal balls. No, no, there's no framing going on, they care. Even though the
same deputy director of the time was involved in Oklahoma City is now the Attorney General
Eric Holder, who ran Fast and Furious, false flag, staged event, inside job, black op,
Reichstag event. Government sponsored terror, Operation Northwoods, Operation Gladigo, Operation
Ajax, search all these terms I'm throwing out.
And he went on slimeball, Mark Potok went on and said, we're putting out another red
alert, the new threat is white gun owners, they're going to attack. And in their new
report and in their letter, and what the letter sourced was their report, guess who's at the
top of the list, A-L-E-X, A-N-D-E-R, J-O-N-E-S.
And what does that spell? Alexander Jones. Who is that? You bet. Now these are known
White House toads, operatives on record, media matters, all of it on record, government funding,
government bailout, government stimulus money. Do you understand? Pray for us. We have the
White House run system saying Alex Jones is the new bin Laden.
And you know who else they say is evil? Anybody who is right of Mao Tse Tung. And again, left
right isn't really real, that's a controlled paradigm. But within the right, there is at
least lip service to Second Amendment, Bill of Rights, Constitution, private property,
family, religious rights.
And so they are assaulting anyone who doesn't call for an end of male and female marriage,
and for world population reduction and death panels and total communism. If you don't endorse
total evil, you are a devil. Now, you see the, I mean, I was on a big Dallas station
yesterday, it's a CNN affiliate, Wall Street Shuffle, highly rated show up there in Dallas.
And the guy was like, no, I went and looked it up, I called the company, I checked that
that's one of the biggest manufacturers, if not the biggest manufacturer in the country
of paper targets.
They did do a $2 million contract for Homeland Security that requested. The people had done
interviews, we broke it, people couldn't believe it, but they've done interviews. They admit
yes, they apologize, Homeland Security, asked for the tactical response stuff of five-year-old
kids to shoot, and old women and men and people in the shower, paper targets.
And he said, everybody I know, including congressmen that come on my show, cannot believe it, and
they won't even say there's 2 billion bullets, even though that's admitted. And he went and
checked it, and it was true. That's what we're talking about here. And the LA Times says,
if you believe in any of this, you are a quote, white cell, a terror cell.
I'm gonna read it in about ten seconds. Now, how long ago did I tell you? Behind the scenes,
the military, the police, arms build up, prepping for door-to-door gun confiscation. Military
training in Arcadia, Iowa, military training in Dallas, Texas, military training in Miami,
military training in Minneapolis, St. Paul, military training in LA, military training.
And the military's called in, and it's in the Army Times, and it's in the Army manuals,
type in gun confiscation in new Army manual 2010. You'll get army.mil gun confiscation,
how to process us with our social security numbers, how to take over the radio and TV
stations, not just by remote control.
The military will occupy them, the power plants, the city hall, and they're gonna take our
guns. And so this unprecedented insanity is going on, and they're saying it doesn't exist,
knowing the dumb down masses, including members of Congress, will just say, well, nine out
of ten articles conservatively say it doesn't exist, Politico, you name it, said there is
no bullets.
They bought no bullets. They bought 200,000 bullets, is what they said. And then this
guy Alex Jones and Sarah Palin, they say it's two billion and they're insane. It was an
anonymous posting on a website. They don't say what, it's all lies. I mean, it's all
lies, FedBiz.gov, public, all of it, over two billion.
I was saying 1.6 billion to three weeks ago, Breitbart actually counted it all up and they
had the listing, over two billion. They're buying 2,700 armored vehicles last year, big
giant ones. I've seen them on the road in Austin. They say federal police, they're for
here.
And they're telling you it doesn't exist, while telling people now in newspapers all
over the country. When I saw this LA Times this morning, I went and looked, there are
similar articles in AP, Reuters, it's everywhere. Let me show TV viewers, radio listeners, let
me direct you to just go to this.
It's up on infowars.com. I'm gonna have Kurt Nemo do another article about this. He wrote
about this last week when the letter linking to the sources, and there it is, Alex Jones.
King daddy, they say I'm numero uno terrorist. I'm a terrorist, ladies and gentlemen, because
I point out the megabanks have taken over America, run Al-Qaeda in Libya and Syria and
are supporting them and aiding them.
And our government grows the opium and runs Al-Qaeda and Taliban in Afghanistan. That's
all coming out now. Of course, I'm the terrorist. Pray for me, ladies and gentlemen, I'm not
afraid. I'm just afraid I won't finish my work if they do kill me. And that's in God's
hands.
But let me tell you something, ladies and gentlemen, you better get the word out like
your life depends on it. Because I'm telling you, the shadow government, I've seen all
these preparations before Oklahoma City before, and I've seen them before 9-11. And I've seen
them now. They've got four or five, what is it, five TV shows now where the founding fathers
are terrorists, where returning veterans are secretly Al-Qaeda.
They're using their own CIA operatives that are joining Al-Qaeda to put them on Fox News
to kind of blur the lines. Well, there are veterans joining Al-Qaeda. Yeah, fighting
for the globalist. But they're gonna say that there's three different West Point and Army
War College reports last year and a half saying the Tea Party's gonna link up with Al-Qaeda.
Anybody in the Tea Party knows it's total Islamophobia land.
So I mean, that's just asinine. It's like saying Malcolm X is gonna join the Ku Klux
Klan or something, okay? But they don't care cuz the TV heads are all watching Simulants
right now. Where every show they're watching, the lady that won't vaccine her kids is a
child molester.
The guy that won't vaccine his kids is gonna nerve gas the city. The guy that's a Ron Paul
supporter is a meth head. Every show, demon messages, demonizing liberty, getting it ready
as Simulants for the public. They've got all these movies coming out where militias attack
the White House. So they can stage a false flag, have it be incredibly immoral what happens,
blow up a nursery like Oklahoma City, whatever, and then blame it on us and say, see, we told
you so.
And they are moving into fire zone. The Death Star is cleared of fire in five minutes. I
mean, politically speaking, five seconds. It is coming around, to use the Star Wars
analogy, coming around Yavin and is about to be cleared of fire, okay? I mean, the Death
Star is coming around. And if you're not in your X-wing out there right now fighting every
day to expose these murdering terrorists, they're going to bring in the red terror.
They're panicked, they're scared, they know we've got the initiative and this is history
happening right now. The Death Star is cleared of fire in five seconds. That means any minute
now, any time, we're in a death struggle to back them off, to expose them so they don't
pull it off and they hold back and don't do it.
And then when they do do it, if they do do it, we're gonna really be able to deal with
them. Because people now know, we got people everywhere watching. The minute they blow
something up, folks, everyone should carry cameras on them at all times, okay? At all
times.
Now let me show you what's in the LA Times. Told you this was coming. My God. I mean,
peril from patriots, the US needs to keep a close watch on the growing threat of home
grown extremist groups. Now it gets worse. Look at who they show as the extremist. Only
criminals and government want unarmed public.
What part of shall not be infringed, you don't understand. Repeal and negate. Now it gets
worse. First they say you're radical. Then they say, there are an increasing frightening
numbers of cells, it's cells, of angry men in the United States preparing for combat
with the US government. They're usually heavily armed, blinded by intractable hatred. You
mean wide awake to your evil and we know who you are. Often motivated by religious zeal.
They're not jihadist. They are white. They are white, right wing Americans. They've now
announced white men are terrorists. That's the headline, Kurt Nemo. LA Times announces
white men are terrorists.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system,
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping
or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out simply safe. It's a new
do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to get simply safe.com
simply safe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power. So even if the grid
goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home
business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed. Get simply safe.com simply safe is also ridiculously
easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes. So there's no need to let a stranger into
your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever
you go. You aren't always at home but simply safe will stand guard protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's get simply safe.com March into big
spring preparedness savings this month at be prepared.com Going on now emergency essentials
and be prepared.com save you 28% off your favorite beef and chicken combo entrees save
24% on number 10 cans of freeze dried raspberries or save 26% on our freeze dried strawberry
slices with purchase of 12 or more Katadyn pocket micro water filters are 27% off. Try
our fruit flavored hydropack combo water filtering pouches in March by 510 packs for a 50% discount
stock up on wheat with a year supply of grains for $70 off only at be prepared.com and this
month power up with a goal zero Sherpa 50 solar powered recharging kit at $110 off MSRP
and we'll throw in a free $50 emergency essentials gift card. The March sale ends March 31 at
be prepared.com for contents and details call emergency essentials at 800 999 1863 or click
be prepared.com The choice is clear be unprepared or be prepared.com. Is there such a thing
as gluten free emergency kits? Yes. And for celiacs there is no other than gluten free
emergency kits.com. If you or a loved one has celiac disease you need a gluten free
emergency kit to survive. Our kids are natural non GMO low sodium low cholesterol soy free
contain no artificial colors or MSG and carry the celiac spruce seal of approval. Now get
our March grab and go bucket special for only 29.99 at gluten free emergency kits.com gluten
free emergency kits.com better foods better living. Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you
ever wondered why banks stockbrokers investment advisors won't talk about gold IRAs? They've
been available since 1986 yet the financial industry won't recognize the value of gold
for your retirement. Gold is outperformed paper investments yet no word about IRAs.
If you would like to have gold for your retirement call 800 686 2237. Don't get left behind by
rising inflation and low returns call 800 686 2237. Secure your future and call 1-800
686 2237. Gardeners, here comes another growing season but don't use last year's soil. Maximize
yields in your survival garden with EM1 from Terreganics. EM1 is an organic soil conditioner,
fertilizer amendment and compost accelerant that provides a broad spectrum of beneficial
microorganisms, enzymes, trace minerals, vitamins and various organic acids. EM1 helps regulate
the soil's pH level and its soil microbes improving moisture retention and drought tolerance.
Remember last year's dry conditions? EM1 from Terreganics is safe, chemical free and certified
for use on all organic farms. It improves plant quality, size, color, flavor and gives
up to 20% more nutrient value in fruits and vegetables and greatly increases shelf life.
And EM1 is so simple to use, just mix with water and apply. This year prepare your crisis
garden for maximum yields with EM1 from Terreganics.com. Order now at Terreganics.com or call toll
free 866-369-3678. That's 866-369-3678. Terreganics, life's getting better.
In our article that we posted last week breaking down the SPLC saying that the right wing terrorists
were about to attack. You can go watch the video. Poe talks on with Matthews and Matthews
goes, Obama is the most perfect president ever, the most perfect person. That's a quote.
The only reason not to like him is he's black. Let's talk about these racist hate groups
and they're, well, one of them is We Are Change, which is not liberal or conservative. It's
kind of constitutional.
There was a big critic of Bush, I mean, and it's totally peaceful. But they're scared
of real reporters going out and asking questions and they're listed by the SPLC. Anybody who's
awake to the global takeover, a foreign group of banks took us over and it's divide and
conquer. The city of Austin, it paid $15,000 through an art group, let's put it up on screen
for viewers, for a billboard that said, no, it's up on that computer right there.
I pulled it up during the break. It's the article from yesterday. There it is. Ariba,
my people, or up my people, stand up my people. And it shows the Mexican flag on the middle
of a heart with people pouring across the Mexico border into Texas. Rise up my people.
So you have a call, and this is liberation theology, funded by government. And it's not
just this government, it's other governments, state governments, county governments fund
this stuff. Judge rules, hey, kids can't wear American flags in school. That's upsetting.
That's racist, even though they're Hispanic. And you're like, that's got to be a joke,
but it's not a joke. And then Americans that knew they were coming for our guns are out
buying guns.
I've been to the gun show. It's every race, color, Asian, Hispanic, black, white, you
name it. They don't want us unifying around property rights, Second Amendment, family
rights, national sovereignty, low taxes, being able to accrue wealth. They want us all fighting
with each other. And so that's what FEMA teaches, and it predates Obama, but it's accelerated.
There will be a war where anyone that is anti gun confiscation is a racist white person
who is to be killed. And they brainwash police so bad. This has been going on for a long
time that I saw a 1999 Discovery Channel inside the LAPD show.
I played the clip here many years ago. Somebody could find it, please find it again and send
it to us. We'll play it again. I've been able to find it. I taped it off TV on VHS and played
it in my own studio back when I was running my own show in 99. And a veteran has died
of a heart attack, been dead three days. They go, look at his horrible NRA sticker.
If the cops actually say this, he's horrible, this is in LA. And they go in, the guns are
all legal, and the cops are going, well, I'm gonna take this one, I'm gonna take that one.
And they make fun of his dead stinking body and go, what a piece of trash this gun owner
with guns on their hips. And you see wherever the globalists are in control, LA, Chicago,
New York, we've got video that's coming up with Project Veritas and James O'Keefe.
They have cop after cop after cop after cop after cop after cop who look like total mind
numbed cross-eyed goons. The weird thing is about like pro gun cops always look tough
and smart and well-spoken. I mean, it's true, whether they're black, white, doesn't matter.
And then you show the anti-gun cops, you don't need no gun, you get the dog. I mean, wait
till I play this. They all look like they've had lobotomies, I'm not kidding, they look
like they've been run over.
You know, I mean, I'm sorry for handicapped people, but my point is that I was in New
York when they had National Guard running checkpoints with machine guns a few years
ago. And Rob Jacobson was with me, we ran into unit after unit that were made up as
some kind of weird covert test of people that I know by the way they looked and talked had
chromosomal disorders, okay?
And that's why, in fact, people won't believe this, type in police with over 100 IQ not
hired nationwide. It's been this way for 30 years, it's public, lawsuits have been won
over it, they still keep doing it. They want the dumbest people they can get. And if that
means they've got to get people who are mildly retarded, they will do it.
And I just feel sorry for these people. I mean, it's like, you don't need a gun, get
a doggy. And I'm just like, whoa, it hurts my heart. It hurts my heart to know they're
building a giant army of idiots. And ladies and gentlemen, I just read to you from the
LA Times, cells of white gun owners, white men are the terrorists.
There's a frightening development. They're blinded by hate. No, we're blinded. We're
blinded. No, no, you're blinded with lies and propaganda. We're wide awake. And so they
wanna make it like, well, only white people are for the Second Amendment. And that's what
they sell, liberation theology, that they teach all the Hispanics they're trying to
make citizens.
That it's part of you getting government welfare and being part of it that we're gonna take
the guns. And they teach inner city blacks that. And you see the inner city mayors and
people lined up to ban all guns. You've heard them just ban them all. And see, it's not
your skin color. It's that you've been under globalist mind control. And now you racially
identify with having your guns taken.
You racially identify with being on food stamps. You racially identify with the government
as your mommy, when it's got a poison mammary gland down there dangling in your face filled
with cyanide. But you're like, no, I'm gonna drink it. And I'm like, no, it's bad for you.
Just wake up. This is unprecedented. And there's more. But I told you, white al-Qaeda, get
ready. They're gonna start blowing stuff up and blaming us.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does
it and out of the gates. We have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is
the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with
the new Pro One filters today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
You may be arrested and or subject to other police action. Tyranny is here. The grim future
foretold in 1984 has become reality. It really says that the state is God. The United States
is now recognized globally as one of the most oppressive police states on earth. This film
conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps now being expanded nationwide.
This documentary exposes how the continuity of government program has established an all
powerful shadow state. Police state four chronicles the sickening depth to which our republic
has fallen. Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship, body scammers,
sound cameras, citizen spies, stage terror and cameras on every street corner. It's only
the beginning of the new world order's hellish plan. The police state isn't coming. It's
here. Secure your copy today at info wars.com or see it online in the highest quality at
prison planet.tv. If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened
every day. If you're listening, you know the economy is not getting better. You know gas
and food prices are skyrocketing. Now is the time to get prepared. For years, we've told
you about our friends at e foods direct. They have the best tasting long term storeable
food on the planet. This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight.
A long term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing
you need most. Be prepared and get your supply from e foods direct. Right now is the best
time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give
yourself peace of mind and be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit e foods
direct.com slash Alex. Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633
or go to e foods direct.com slash Alex. You can bet your life on e foods direct. The Alex
Jones Show. Some people say a man is made out of mud. A poor man's made out of muscle
and blood, muscle and blood and skin and bones. A mind that's weak and a back that's strong.
You load 16 tons. What do you get? Another day older and deeper in depth. St. Peter,
don't you call me cause I can't go. I owe my soul to the company store. Monday through
Friday 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Central. You know, during the break I was going down to the coffee
room to get a cup of coffee. And I was just thinking about it was hitting me that I was
almost pinching myself.
Well, it wasn't almost. I was kind of scratching my leg and thinking, is this real? I've seen
the training films, the secret preparation. We broke it. Then we saw the proliferation
of training videos where every one of the terrorists in something like 15 Homeland Security
training videos that are in Paul Watson's article, DHS prepares for the new terror threat
White Al Qaeda. I'll pull up the exact headline. You guys pull up White Al Qaeda in fallwars.com.
There's a bunch of articles. I want to give people the actual headlines from about a year
and a half, two years ago.
And to see the all the training films where no one who's white is good. Men, women, you
name it, they're all terrorists. And then it's the minorities who are really the majority
black Hispanic Asian who are reporting them. And it is the best looking business people
too that are all terrorists.
They're clearly branding to a skill set of people that they want to feed off of. And
I have articles where a woman in New Jersey at a public meeting quoted the Constitution
and they arrested her and said it was threatening and took her guns. And I have copies of the
arrest warrant because they came to her house later and took her guns and I've got the guns
they confiscated. And the weird statements by the police of we didn't like her raising
her voice and just the bizarreness and then we can't hand out magazines in downtown Austin
until we go threaten to sue and have a demonstration.
It's blowing me away that we've broken all this and by the way, I'm not particularly
happy about that. Do you think I'm happy about being on the ADL and southern property law
site that are both government fronts? It's come out on record, involved in very serious
black ops, very serious dangerous groups.
Do you think it's fun to have these mercenaries walking around posing as non-threatening liberals
when they're vicious and dangerous? Do you think it's fun to have them breathing down
my neck and knowing they train all the local police and give all these community awards?
Napoleon said, it's incredible how men will just throw themselves onto bayonets for little
pieces of metal and ribbons. And they treat the troops like garbage afterwards. It's the
same thing ADL, others handing out these stupid awards to manipulate everybody when they're
an anti-civil rights group and saying I'm the number one threat.
I'm the big demon. I'm the devil. You think that's fun? Pray for us is all I can say because
we are the canary in the coal mine and these people are vicious. And I told you over and
over and over and over again. I wonder why the office is calling me. Hello? You know
the office just called me? Who is this? It's one of my children. My children are here at
work today.
So they went in and used an office phone to call my cell phone. I was like, why is work
calling me? I know the sound of shuffling of my children on the other one. They know
it's me. Man, I just don't even know what to do anymore. I know the globalists are criminal.
I know they run Al-Qaeda. It's on record. It's public now. I know they're spiking the
food in the water with anthropogenic systems. I know they're putting binary systems in.
Do you know what anthropogenic bioweapons are? Do you know what? There it is. DHS takes
seriously claims militias collaborate with Al-Qaeda on bio attack. Yeah, that's a curtain
of article from 2009 and links to Washington Times. The newer ones are white Al-Qaeda here.
I'll do it. WhiteAl-Qaedainfowars.com. Yeah, there it is. Big Sis, latest terrorist, more
white Americans.
And my kids are in the control room. I'm gonna have to send them home. It's becoming a major
distraction. Call my wife, have them come get them. They're not doing what I told them,
so they gotta go. Call her and have them gotten out of here. Okay, anyways, continuing with
what I was breaking down here, ladies and gentlemen.
America is basically dead right now. America has basically rolled over to tyranny. America
right now is putting up with anything. And if we don't get up and realize what's happening
to us, everything is going to collapse. And that's the plan. You have to understand they
wanna collapse self-care.
They wanna collapse confidence in the government and cause a revolt. They've got the whole
thing planned out as one fail swoop because they know the gun culture, the liberty culture
is growing. They know Congress has a 9% approval rating. So they're gonna run hoaxes that everyone
loves Obama, and that he's been endorsed, and that his agenda is loved, and that everyone
cares about him, and that everyone wants socialism when it's all a lie.
And they know no one's buying that, and they know they've committed all these crimes. And
Fast and Furious didn't work for them, and they got caught doing the underwear bombing,
and they've been caught running Al-Qaeda. And everyone, not just here, but all over
the world is calling the globalist on it as they take down Europe and the United States.
These are foreign, they're not even foreign, they're global above the law banks. And they
are training police, and that's why they want them dumber and dumber because smart cops
absolutely see through snake FEMA and Southern Poverty Law Center and ADL operatives coming
in.
We've got the training videos, I've put them in films like Road to Tyranny, where they
sit around bad mouthing America and saying Thomas Jefferson and George Washington are
bad and gun owners are bad and veterans are bad. And the cops sit there and go, well,
this is treason. But don't worry, they're just kicking them out and bringing in goons,
ladies and gentlemen, cuz here's the deal.
They have to bring in dumb goons, because even smart criminals like Liberty, generally
of their low level, because they understand down the road they're gonna be oppressed by
it. Even smart low level predators don't wanna lose all their rights, even though they are
sitting in the command position, cuz they know that they'll be in another position down
the road.
And so they're going with childlike people in code enforcement, police everywhere, who
talk like children, who act like children. And it's like a fun role playing and they're
the boss. It reminds me of my five year old daughter when she's being bossy, it's the
exact same thing.
And they're sitting there, they have no embarrassment, they have no honor, they have no connection
to reality. Then you've got criminal, hardcore psychopaths who relish it and have an instinct
for domination, like Mayor Bloomberg, like people like Obama. And so if you tuned in
for the first time here, ladies and gentlemen, You've gotta understand that they've got the
movies, the TV shows, the dramas, that's the final phase.
First they do the training that the new terrorist is white people. Do you understand Kurt Nimmo's
writing an article right now off this? They say in the second line, in the second small
paragraph of the LA Times that there are cells of terrorists and they're all white. And notice
they don't say they're white supremacists, they say whites.
So that immediately makes blacks, Hispanics and others that have been taught all whites
are bad and evil. You have to do that to then create the break. So it's the minorities becoming
the new police force, that's been done in England. They brought in people from foreign
countries, Asia, Eastern Europe, Africa, you name it, who are, I've had members of parliament
on who are now the majority of the police forces everywhere.
They can't even hardly speak English. I've been there and experienced it. It's a total
act of domination. Yeah, there's the quote, they're not jihadist. They are white right
wing Americans, nearly all with an obsessive attachment to guns, who may represent a greater
danger to the lives of American civilians than international terrorists. See, the flipping
is now happening. And they don't uncloak until they fire.
And I've been telling you this for four years, all the behind the scenes, white Al Qaeda,
white terrorists, white Americans, all gun owners are terrorists. And I told you that's
all gonna be denied. And they did write articles saying I was insane, it didn't exist. That's
all gonna be denied, to use another science fiction analogy, until the Klingon warbird
uncloaks.
Because it's got to uncloak to fire and folks, it's uncloaking right now. I mean, shields
have got to be up. You've got to be running around like a chicken with your head cut off
calling all talk radio, calling Washington, calling Southern Poverty Law Center, ADL.
You know, I did this two months before 9-11 on July 25th. I said call the White House,
they're gonna blow up the World Trade Center and they're gonna blame it on bin Laden. You
don't know about that, just search Alex Jones prediction 9-11. By the way, we just found
a larger clip of it and posted on the site the other day at warehouses, videos, and tapes
back there.
Jimmy Vaughn on record saw it two months before when it was live. He's on record. Well, here
I am on record before this time. And you heard it here four years ago, you heard it here
yesterday, you heard it here today. But I told you, when they start running TV shows
and movies, that'll be right before they then actually go, it's not just fantasy, it's real.
The white people are all terrorists, gun owners are all terrorists, to have a purge, they
just uncloaked. I bet if you go to YouTube, you can actually find a, just type in Klingon
uncloaks cuz I'm not a huge Star Trek fan, but some of them are entertaining, especially
the new one's pretty good actually.
But uncloaking, cuz it's got a energy field around it, it can't fire through its own energy
field, its invisibility field, it has to uncloak to fire. And folks, I mean, I'm sitting here
looking and the new order just completely uncloaked. I saw their signature historically,
I knew what they were doing.
I told you, okay, they're swinging around, they're coming in, they're gonna move right
up in on us and they're gonna fire. And folks, it's all happening, A through Z, they're now
clicking into Z, the tumblers are falling into place. They're getting ready to run their
black op teams to blow stuff up or God knows what, mass shootings, you name it, right now.
I bet they've even got the anchors, cuz these people are black op commanders, people like
I saw when I finally went public, it was a couple days before July 25th, I taped it,
can't find the tape, hard ball, had Hart Rudman committee heads on it.
Warren Rudman and Gary Hart, and they were celebrating together and they said there's
gonna be big events, big buildings, that's all I can tell you. Things are gonna change,
they were euphoric, it was a demonic celebration, no one knew what they were seeing. They said
things are gonna change, there's gonna be troops in America, I guess I gotta tell you,
big changes are coming.
Of course, they were the ones that said America will be attacked a few months before in their
Hart Rudman Commission. I have clips of that in my film Road to Tyranny, where they say,
we predicted an attack on the homeland, we're gonna make lemonade out of lemons, we're gonna
have this Pax Americana.
It was like the left arm of the right arm of the Peenack document that said a Pearl
Harbor event, 3,000 dead Americans. It actually says that, written by Dick Cheney, September
20th, 2000, public document will help us set up this world empire, this American empire.
But it's really a banker empire, they just tell the generals and people, you understand
gambits. You send in 100 special forces to bring in the enemy to show their numbers,
the special forces get killed, you send in 50,000 troops to wipe out the enemy, you would
have lost probably 20,000 troops.
What's better to lose 100 or 20,000? For America and for liberty, we're gonna blow up these
towers, but so that we can defeat the Muslim threat. And it was only top people at NORAD
and they were in on it, that much is clear. Well, I guess we gotta kill 3,000 Americans.
I don't even know how they estimated that Cheney said around 3,000 like Pearl Harbor.
And then how they had 3,000 in the towers that day, man, that's wild. I guess they just
kind of like guessing what dice you're gonna roll next.
And so I saw that, and I saw that Publix demon celebration, cuz criminals like to brag. And
I saw that demon celebration, and he said, thank you for sharing this with me, this is
incredible, Chris Matthews said. And it was all code, no one but one in a million would
even know what they were talking about.
And I went, my God, cuz I'd seen, here's Bin Laden, he's gonna attack you. What do you
do when he attacks? Get my rights up, Jim Jones Kool-Aid drinking drill. They had him
drink Kool-Aid hundreds of times in drills under orange before it really had the poison
in it.
All the movies, the TV shows, Taliban's blowing up the Buddhist temples and statues. My gosh,
they're bringing drugs in, my gosh, they're gonna attack, they're gonna attack. Rand Corporation
documents, yeah, there'll be a big attack soon, that'll be used to transform America
and put the military over every city.
And I was reading all these things, I mean, they operate uncloaked for those that know
what they're doing, and then they hit us. And you're like, how dare you say that? Well,
I mean, now Karzai, their own minions come out and said it. They've run al-Qaeda in Taliban,
Fox News is admitting it, they've put an Iron Dome missile shield up over Israel while Obama's
there because they're afraid al-Qaeda, they put in Syria, will launch chemical weapons
on them.
The same al-Qaeda we told you six months ago had stolen chemical weapons from Assad with
US and NATO help and had gotten them and was gonna false flag. They did videos killing
dogs with it, new videos, where they're gonna false flag Assad with the chemicals. I mean,
you realize the magnitude, and listen, we're in the fight, the fact that I'm on the air,
the fact that I'm on all these AM and FM stations.
The fact that we're able to talk about this shows there's still good people in government,
there's still good people in corporate world, there's still good people in the military
and police. But man, listen, you gotta understand, this is so heavy, I could barely talk ten
minutes ago. This is so big, I mean, this is real, you're getting 99.8% accuracy right
now.
Because I've thought about this, looked at this, I'm not saying I'm perfect, and it's
not hard once you know it. Folks, it's happening, okay? Do you understand that? They did Oklahoma
City, they did 9-11, they did Gulf of Tonkin, they had Northwoods, they did Operation Ajax,
they did the NATO option, it's all declassified.
It's all hiding in plain view. They had all these officers go public and say Muhammad
Atta and four others trained at the Defense Language School, the head of the school went
public and they started court-martialing him for violating national security. You ask,
how would they do something?
How'd they keep Manhattan Project secret for four years with 120,000 people involved? Do
you understand this isn't American government, it's a criminal command hijack over the government.
We are in red level emergency, they have uncloaked. They are now rolling in newspapers everywhere
saying whites are terrorist cells and are going to attack the government trying to institute
a race war.
While government in every major city funds billboards saying LA is now Mexico, Austin
is Mexico, Hispanics rise up against the gringos. I mean, incredible program so that now that
it's time, minorities who are the majority, are the majority in most areas don't go, well,
I want the Second Amendment, I want proper rights. No, I'm with the government.
Oh, really, the whites are terrorists. Well, I'll turn my guns in to show them whites while
you're giving up your entire future.
Hurt Nemo's article's up on DrudgeReport.com right now. God help us, God help us.
Folks, I know what's going to happen next. You wonder why I break down and cry sometimes?
I think they're going to nuke a city. That's what my gut tells me. Thousands of points
of analysis there. Obama and his controllers are looking at detonating a low yield nuclear
weapon in a city and blaming us. And they're going to kill me hours after it happens. We'll
be right back. Stay with us.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day. If you're
listening, you know the economy is not getting better. You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared. For years, we've told you about our friends at E Foods
Direct. They have the best tasting long-term, storable food on the planet. This food will
taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long-term food supply allows
you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most. Be prepared
and get your supply from E Foods Direct. Right now is the best time to stock up and save
hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give yourself peace of
mind and be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com slash Alex. Get
free shipping on all orders for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go to efoodsdirect.com
slash Alex. You can bet your life on E Foods Direct. Time and time again. You need to come
here and help us. We need assistance, please. Those we should be able to depend on, let
us down. Federal and state and local officials saying help is on the way while the folks
here in Bell Harbor say show me. Don't depend on the government to save you. Take action
now so that you're prepared for the next disaster with mypatriotsupply.com. Get the best prices
on storable food, non-GMO seeds, water filtration devices, home canning equipment, survival
and self-reliance books and more at mypatriotsupply.com. Call 866-229-0927. We are hurting down here
and we need help immediately. Before it's time to survive, it's time to prepare. Mypatriotsupply.com.
Mypatriotsupply.com. Hello, this is Ty Bollinger, author of the best-selling book, Cancer Step
Outside the Box. I want you to know some very important information. In 1985, President
Ronald Reagan requested that Carnivora be sent directly to the White House at a time
when only the President could obtain this world-class healer. Now, 27 years later, Carnivora
capsules are used around the world to keep people healthy. Now you can protect yourself
and your loved ones in this age of superbugs with 17 naturally occurring compounds that
instinctively respond to abnormal cells only without harming a single normal cell. If you
want to stay healthy, now's your chance to literally wake up your critical immune cells
to attack harmful invaders that don't belong in your body. Call 1-866-VenusFly or order
from Carnivora.com. That's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A dot com. That's 1-866-836-8735, 1-866-VenusFly
or visit Carnivora.com. Protect your immune system. It's the only one you've got.
What happened right at the end of the last segment was the guys flashed DrudgeReport.com
up and clicked on the top story in the middle column. And it just made me have another flashback
to the stack of police state news I have that I haven't even gotten into, and it like hit
me. See, that happens now. When I see some horrible piece of news, some horrible tyranny,
you know, you say you don't like the county tax assessor and that we're being robbed and
the government's a tyranny, and they come arrest you and say that's a threat and take
your guns. It's like having your stomach punched. I'm not like, I'm happy. I get to expose the
tyrants. It's like, my gosh, it's getting worse. I wish I wasn't right. I mean, look
at the type of news I have here, LA Times, whites are terrorists, period. Being white
is terrorist.
See, it's all race politics, unbelievable. And see, that'll force whites to become completely
racial, just like you do in the prisons, so that everybody's at each other's throats and
the government's the referee. See the master plan? Man faces five years in prison for releasing
balloons on beach as romantic gesture. And this is in the local Florida papers, and they're
reporting it like it's a good thing.
He's charged with a felony. The trooper arrested Bransfield and charged him with polluting
to harm humans, animals, plants, and everything else living under the Florida air and water
pollution control act. I told you, folks, in Europe, it's already like this in Australia,
five, ten years in prison, if your kid drops a battery out of a toy and a neighbor finds
it, they get huge pieces of the money.
This fact's already happening here, and you go to jail. And not all the cops are just
totally dumb. A lot of them are savage and evil. And the local newspapers, this is from
Natural News up at Infowars.com. Naturalnews.com, they break down the highway patrol, saw him
release a couple balloons with hearts as she walked out into the parking lot as a love
gesture.
And that's it, buddy, you're going to jail. And your guns are gone. See, that's the thing,
you gotta get rid of the 68 gun control act, cuz real criminals, violent criminals are
always gonna have guns. But now, felonies are releasing balloons. He released them for
Shakana Baxter, his girlfriend.
Well, you don't do that, by the way, I've done that. Politicians do that, city fairs
do that. It doesn't matter, it's all to be selectively enforced. It gets better. Homeless
Houston veterans cited for dumpster diving in search for food. The guy was getting apples
out of the trash can.
You don't go to a grocery store and get stuff to be thrown in a landfill, bud. New Jersey
woman arrested for reciting constitution at tax meeting. And I have the arrest warrant
and the guns confiscated. I have the actual printouts. In fact, show folks a document
camera this. Thank you, gentlemen. Complaint summons and the seized property receipt. Her
firearms, her ammo, everything.
California sees those guns of owners as lose right to keep arms. People that were getting
a divorce, people that had been depressed at one time. Just your guns are gone, that's
Bloomberg, very, very proud of that. Government ammunition stockpiling story breaks through
media censorship, goes mainstream.
More than 20 new studies showing fluoride brain damages and causes cancer. Why is it
still in our water? Another important article. So why are we still drinking fluoride? That's
just some of the police state news. We got George Norie coming up of coast to coast AM
heard on almost, I don't know, what is it, 500, 600 stations, I don't know, around the
country.
George Norie is coming up. I want to talk to him about a host of issues today. And we've
got all the other news. Why doesn't Obama drone strike this terrorist? Because the administration
is backing terrorists in Syria, asked by Fox News.
He is. He smoked them. Then we got some. Yeah, about 10, 20. We're going to play more of
that later. Al Qaeda publicly now on TV, working with the government. We'll be back. They're
just throwing your face. Al Qaeda is good. Lights are bad. Al Qaeda. Good. All lights
bad.
This is GCN, the Genesis Communications Radio Network.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health. At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing
a full selection of silver-based products. Our most popular silver-based products are
the 32-ounce nano-silver solutions, our 2-ounce nano-silver nasal applicators, as well as
our all-natural silver soaps. Just released is our 100% natural silver gel. Our new silver
gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and leave the silver
at the surface. But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin-nourishing
chemistry of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin, while delivering the
silver more effectively. Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver-based
products are best for you. That's www.silverlungs.com.
Aging war on corruption. Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Big brother. Mainstream media. Government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
All right, George Norrie of Coast to Coast AM. I wanted to get him on about the state
of the world. Just talk about how crazy everything's gotten. He'll be joining us for the balance
of the hour in the next segment.
Do that back up from where you played that. Why doesn't Obama drone strike this terrorist?
Because the administration is backing terrorists in Syria. Let me read this article to people.
Since the Obama administration seems so keen to entrench its authority to kill Americans
deemed terrorist on foreign soil, why has it failed to drone strike former US Army soldier
Eric Haroun, is that how you pronounce it? H-A-R-R-O-U-N, who is now fighting with the
al-Qaeda-affiliated terrorist group Jabhat al-Nasr in Syria.
The question is rhetorical because the answer is already known. He will not be targeted
because he is fighting on the same side as the terrorist-led FSA insurgents, which the
Obama administration has backed to the tune of hundreds of millions of dollars. It's billions.
He's a US-trained soldier turned Muslim warrior. He's a CIA deep infiltrator. Man, I tell you
what, boy. He's a US-trained soldier turned Muslim warrior who moves between America and
countries where the winds of the Arab Spring blow.
He's allowed to move into America, but they've tried to keep me from flying before. And I'm
the big terrorist, Southern Poverty Law Center says. Fighting alongside jihadists and American-hating
terrorists while celebrating his bloody exploits on YouTube videos, reports Fox News.
And he goes on to say, when questioned as how he feels about fighting alongside al-Qaeda
terrorists, he responded, the US plays both sides too. No, the US is run and captured
by mega bank crime syndicate technocracy. And the US that's controlled doesn't play
both sides, it runs all the major sides, up to three or four sides, full spectrum dominance
to create the wars as the excuse to have war for war's sake, to destroy civilization, to
wreck products, to wreck things, to pull down.
Agenda 21 soft kills us financially, industrially. They use real wrecking balls in Libya and
Syria and Iraq. In Africa, they turn off the power, kill development. But don't worry,
they run all the cultural centers to keep the black people close. Keep your friends
close, your enemies even closer. Keep the Hispanics close, have some more aspartame,
we're gonna saw your legs off next week.
But we paid for a billboard saying up with Hispanics, La Reconquista. And then LA Times
comes out and says the number one terrorist, it's the biggest threat now. See, I told you
behind the scenes it was the number one threat, al-Qaeda is not a problem, it's white people.
You're like, I don't believe those documents. Now it's LA Times. Well, the Justice Department
documents say the whites are about to strike. They're not white supremacists, it's just
whites are terrorists.
And see, Jack Spratt could eat no fat and his wife could eat no lean. So between the
two of them, they lick the platter clean. You get whites, Hispanics, blacks, everybody
loves to hate somebody, humans are all humans. The Arabs are the devil, the Arabs are the
demon. They're parking lot them, nuke them, kill them all, blah, blah, blah. Except the
Patriot Act, the police state, the NDAA, the New World Order, it's for the Muslims.
And then now, it's not for them, it's for white people. Isn't that fun, Hispanics?
La Infosura, La Reconquista, the takeover. That's right, Los Angeles isn't. California,
Los Mexico, all paid for by government, all government telling you this, all government
pushing this.
Oh, it's fun, it's cute. Yeah, the whites, where'd they go? Oh, they're terrorists, yay,
kill them. Last parking lot, the whites. It was all gun owners that did the Sandy Hook
shoot. It was all whites that'll do the next bombing. And they're saying that they wanna
race war.
They wanna force whites into being racially identified in their own group. They wanna
force everyone in their own little prison group. It's prison management, prison planet,
prison control. They got the right wing to call with all the Arabs?
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions
are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you
for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective
against bacteria, viruses, moles, and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally
or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver
has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it the number one choice
of preppers across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you
be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com. Use the promo code prepared for 20% off your
entire order and like us on Facebook.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms. But if you don't have a home security
system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When
you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's
a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power, so even if the grid
goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit, or shed. Getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is also
ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger
into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever
you go. You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day. If you're
listening, you know the economy is not getting better. You know gas and food prices are sky
rocketing. Now is the time to get prepared. For years, we've told you about our friends
at e Foods Direct. They have the best tasting, long-term, storable food on the planet. This
food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long-term food supply
allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most. Be prepared
and get your supply from e Foods Direct. Right now is the best time to stock up and save
hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give yourself peace of
mind and be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com slash Alex. Get
free shipping on all orders for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go to efoodsdirect.com
slash Alex. You can bet your life on e Foods Direct.
Hi, I'm Janet Napolitano, Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security. Homeland
Security begins with hometown security. It seems apparent that our citizens are staying
off the streets, which may make scarring particularly difficult even with this year's rule changes.
To recap those revisions, women are still worth 10 points more than men in all age brackets,
but teenagers now rack up 40 points and toddlers under 12 now rate a big 70 points. The big
score, anyone, any sex over 75 years old has been up to 100 points. As always, how fast
you move determines how long you've lived. Resistance to tyrants is obedience to God.
It's Alex Jones. Monday through Friday, 11am to 2pm Central,
we are here live. We have of course the weeknight 7 o'clock Central Infowars Nightly News. The
websites are infowars.com and prisonplanet.com, streaming video of the daytime radio show
at prisonplanet.tv. Okay, ladies and gentlemen, we've had a lot of breaking news, incredible
economic news, incredible police state news.
I wanted to get George Norrie, one of the biggest radio talk show host obviously in
the world, 16 million listeners or more a week just on his radio show. Of course he
has TV shows, you name it, on multiple networks from time to time off and on. He's doing another
web TV show. I wanna talk about all that today and I wanted to get him on because as I said
at the start of the last hour, he was the first really big media person who had a mega
audience cuz most big shows on TV have two, three million viewers now.
I mean, they worship Bill O'Reilly with three million viewers. George Norrie has six, seven,
eight, nine million a night, 16 plus million a week. He was one of the first really big
media outlets to let me come on for just hours because I had documentation and he's a what,
is it three time Emmy Award winner for news. He's a long term newsman himself for decades,
Navy veteran.
And he's on AM and FM all over the country and Canada, XM satellite, listen to all over
the world on premier radio networks. And he again has had almost 38, 39 years or more
broadcasting experience, coast to coast am.com, one word, coast to coast am.com, one word.
But I remember getting on and talking about the arms build up, the police state, the preparations
for war of the American people because this has been going on for a long time.
Now the $2 million of targets of small children to be used as targets in no hesitation for
Homeland Security. The 2 billion bullets are admitted, the domestic drones, the secret
arrest, all of it. What we talk about and what George helped Trailblaze is now becoming
more and more mainstream.
So before we get into the big picture, where he sees humanity going, will humanity survive?
What's our greatest threats? What's our greatest assets? I wanna read him this from the LA
Times and Kurt Nemo's doing an article right now on this at mfallwars.com. Los Angeles
Time, peril from patriots, we told you this was coming.
I've told him this in the last year, probably five times on the show. The US needs to keep
a close watch on the growing threat of homegrown extremist. They are increasingly frightened
numbers, cells of angry men, terrorists in the United States preparing for combat with
the US government.
They're unusually or usually heavily armed and blinded by an intractable hatred. No,
we know bad guys run the government, often motivated by religious zeal. They are not
jihadist, they are white, right wing Americans, nearly all that obsessive attachment to guns.
They would never even say about Muslims, they are predominantly Arab. But it's okay to say
that about whites. Now I've seen the internal documents, and this goes on and on, which
are now public, that they say the new threat will be gun owning libertarian conservatives
returning veterans.
We broke that four years ago, people couldn't believe it. Coast to Coast saw the documents,
confirmed it was real, had me on about it. But the point here, ladies and gentlemen,
to understand is that they're now going public with what an internal training program has
been. And they do that right before, the Southern Bobby Law Center, that's basically a Justice
Department front, that's come out, is saying there's gonna be terror attacks, and we're
gonna do it.
And I'm listening to the report. Ladies and gentlemen, I don't even get a speeding ticket
every few years, I have no criminal record. I stole beer out of somebody's golf cart a
few times on the golf course growing up as a kid, grab a few beers with you and your
buddies, ha ha ha when you're 15. But no, here they are saying that we're terrorists
because we believe they're coming for our guns when they said they wanna ban our guns.
They're trying to cause a civil war, as I've said. George Norrie, out of the gates, I wanna
get your take on that. And then what you think's front and center on the radar, because as
the polls come out that record numbers of people don't trust the government, over 70%,
9% approval rating for Congress, 92% major polls say JFK was killed by the government
or elements of it.
I mean, they can't say we're all terrorists. And who could get away with saying whites
are inherently terrorists? George Norrie of coast to coast am.com.
Alex, how are you, my friend? I'm great, thanks for missing some sleep to be on with us.
That's okay, anytime you call, I'm there for you, you know that?
Well, thank you, brother. These are strange times, aren't they?
I can't even believe this is happening, it's like a movie.
There is a paranoia out there with government where they think, and that LA Times article
you just read is paramount to that, they think everyone is out to get them. They have missed
the boat. What people are trying to do now, the fact that people wanna keep and retain
their guns and everything else is we wanna make sure we do not get involved with a tyrannical
state, a tyrannical government. We're not the paranoid ones, they are. We're not about
attack government, that's ludicrous. But what we are trying to do across America is simply
defend ourselves. When we read stories that Homeland Security is buying billions of rounds
of ammunition, tanks, putting up drones that can fire on Americans at will, you don't think
we need to get upset about that? Something's going on. The bigger question, Alex, that
you've been looking at and addressing over these years is why is it coming down so fast?
Doesn't it seem like they feel as if they're out of time and they've gotta do this tomorrow?
Absolutely, and it's like the Emperor's New Clothes, it's waking everybody up. I listened
to three talk radio shows yesterday, mainline ones that have even been critical of me in
the past. And I thought it was George Norrier or Alex Jones. They were saying, drones, takeover,
the government runs Al-Qaeda or elements of it. I mean, it seems like an awakening's happening
and I think the system's panicking.
There's an epiphany going on. If we would talk about this during the World War II era,
the era of my father, where we have to question anything about government, anything, he would
have said, you're nuts, you're crazy, there's no way. Things have changed dramatically now.
It's the other way around. Now you cannot even say anything right about government because
they've done everything wrong. They screw everything up that they touch. Listen, I have
said all along, I spent nine years in the Navy. I love United States. I'm not the kind
of guy to pick up and leave. I could if I wanted to. I've got the resources to do that.
I could do coast to coast from any place in the world. We just hook up broadcast lines
and there we are.
You could be on a mountaintop in Switzerland.
Yeah, I could be any place. I'm not going to do that. I'm going to stay in the United
States and I'm going to try to make this right with people like you and with dedicated, hard
working Americans.
And by the way, you are civil defense. We all are. And so many people I talk to are
deciding to stay here and rough it out because we love this country. The government isn't
America. We the people are America.
I'm not leaving. And let's keep in mind there are lots of people in government who are dedicated
great Americans. So when we talk about this, this issue, this problem, we're not talking
about all of them. However, there's a finite group of them who have the power, who have
the resources. They're the ones that are kicking this thing into high gear. It's almost as
if the Illuminati, those people who have always been striving from a one world government
have basically told them they're underlings. Go for it right now. Do it. I mean, what is
the reason? What is the reason for Homeland Security to buy tanks? Can anybody tell us
that?
2,700 giant wheeled strikers that can handle rocket attacks in large mines. I mean, these
are these are wheeled heavy battle tanks.
I mean, what does logic tell you when you hear that they're buying 2000 plus tanks and
they're going to use them here in the United States? One of two things are happening. One,
they're afraid of an invasion from a foreign source or two, they're afraid of Americans.
I think they're afraid of us.
Well, we know that exactly because of now the memos coming out where they had Politico
say that I made it up. There's no bullets when it's federal purchase orders that are
in AP, Reuters and Forbes. Here's a new one, info.wars.com. Dem group labels talk of DHS
bullet buying extreme and says it's terrorist basically to bring it up.
New Jersey woman arrested for reciting constitution at tax meeting. That's linked up at drudgereport.com.
You're right, George. I mean, this is a insanity that is basically starting to break out. Do
you think they're trying to start something or overcompensating?
Well, that's a good question, Alex. I was kicking around the possibility last night
that if we lived in the perfect world, a utopia where everybody got along, everybody cared
about each other. There was no battles. There were no wars. There was no terrorism. What
would happen? And yes, it's true that there are people that hate our guts as Americans.
Yes, it is true that there are terrorists out there who are funded by other people and
other groups who want to just simply disrupt things. But by and large, if all of them went
away, I'm convinced that the industrial military complex would create episodes in order to
keep the thing going. And that's what's so upsetting. You know, if we had peace with
the Palestinians and the Israelis and everyone was happy, I'm still convinced someplace somewhere
this group of one world government fanatics would create an issue just to go ahead and
attack and do something. Now, you know, my views on 9-11.
Absolutely. Hold on. Stay there, George. We got to go to break. Come back with those on
the other side. This is very important. Nothing is more American than Diamond Gusset jeans.
100 percent American made since 1987. Soft and broken in from the start. Yet more rugged
and durable than any jean you've ever worn. Have you ever experienced mis-sized jeans
from China? Well, you won't with Diamond Gusset. Every pair is crafted to fit exactly the same
and always feel like they were custom made. Need a 35, 37 or 39 waist? How about a 31
inseam? We keep all sizes in stock for the fit you need. Looking for a relaxed fit, slim
fit, regular fit, boot cut or straight leg? We've got you covered. Buy the world's best
fitting jeans at gusset.com or call 1-888-8GUSSET. Get free Gusset Targets for the next time
you go to the shooting range with the purchase of their new Ranger jean. Use code comfort
when ordering to receive free shipping and all Gusset orders at gusset.com. That's gusset.com
to get only the best all American jeans. We all know that Berkey water purification systems
are the most trusted name in water filtration. As an authorized Berkey dealer for over six
years and serving thousands of satisfied customers, the Berkey guy offers amazing specials for
Berkey water filtration systems. The Berkey light systems include a set of self-sterilizing
and re-cleanable black purification elements that purify water by removing chlorine, pathogenic
bacteria, cysts and parasites to non-detectable levels and remove harmful chemicals such as
herbicides and pesticides. Order the Berkey light system today complete with two black
Berkey elements for only $231 and the Berkey guy will ship your order free of charge. With
the purchase of a Berkey light, the Berkey guy is also offering a set of fluoride and
arsenic filters for only $39.99. That's over 30% off the retail price. Call the Berkey
guy at 1-877-886-3653. That's 1-877-886-3653 or order online at goberky.com. That's goberky.com
today.
We the people grow cotton, we fabric, engrave ink, embed strips and fibers to protect from
counterfeit and carting to a private bank, having it lead back at interest, forcing taxes
to service debt. This capitalism or was Jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing
the public currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than a standing
army? Hi, Ted Anderson. I'm placing a free silver dollar in a book that explains our
monetary system. Call for your copy, 800-686-2237. It's time to understand the system. Call 800-686-2237.
That's 800-686-2237. We've lived in this neighborhood for years. We have an alarm system and all
of our doors have deadbolts. They kicked in our door and were in and out of our house
in about five minutes. The police arrived in about 20 minutes, but they were long gone
with our TV, jewelry and my guns. I kept thinking, what if my family had been home? The police
officers said that more than 85% of break-ins are through a door and that deadbolts alone
don't stop intruders. The officer told me to go to easyarmor.net if we wanted something
that would actually stop an intruder. Easy Armor reinforces all of the weak points on
your doors and is guaranteed to prevent kick-ins. I was surprised at how little Easy Armor costs,
and I installed Easy Armor in about 30 minutes. Visit easyarmor.net. That's the letters E-Z-A-R-M-O-R.net
or call 888-58-ARMOR. That's 888-582-7667. EasyArmor.net, ultimate door security made
easy.
George Inari, who when he took over Coast to Coast AM for Mart Bell, who's a legend
and an amazing broadcaster, had about 400 affiliates, now has 500, it's 500 in what?
How many affiliates, George?
564, Alex.
564, CoastToCoastAM.com. George, you were finishing up with your statement about 9-11.
I mean, more than ever, what do you make of Mohamed Karzai, who we know is not a good
guy, but put in by the West? He says criminal elements of the government are running Taliban,
basically Al-Qaeda, to blow stuff up as a pretext to stay there.
Well, we caught British SAS in Iraq dressed up like Sunni shooting Shiites to start a
civil war in Basra. It's everything we've talked about, criminal elements wanting the
wars to continue. And people always spin it. Jones is saying Bush had a plunger like Wylie
Coyote blowing up the towers. No, what I'm saying is the globalists need Al-Qaeda to
menace us into submission. What do you say about all that?
Well, there is no question that the globalists need events. They need controversy. They need
chaos in order to deliver the goods to the people they represent. And that's what's going
on. I mean, Karzai, of course, this guy was a plant that used to work for the oil company,
Unical. He's not a good guy. He's not a supporter of America. But we plugged him in there anyway.
But you know, he sees what's happening. I mean, he's not happy with negotiations with
the Taliban trying to work things out in Afghanistan. You know why? Because for him, it's greed.
He doesn't want to lose his power position. We as a nation, you know what? We're trying
to put the right people in. But the problem is they're all crooks. They're all cronies.
I mean, what dictator isn't running his country and putting billions of dollars in his own
bank account? You know, whether it's food money or anything that's sent into that country
to help the people, the dictator takes most of it.
Well, that leads us to Hugo Chavez. Dr. Paul Kirk-Roberts, who I respect, is saying the
guy was a hero. Just because the West is corrupt and bad doesn't mean then taking small family
farms away or businesses and redistributing things and following Fidel Castro. I mean,
I'm sorry. I don't think that communism is cool.
No, not at all. I don't see Hugo Chavez as a hero. This is what he did. He came in and
he started doing some of the things for the poor people. Brilliant. If you want the masses
to like you, you help out the poor.
I agree. He did some good stuff up front. Castro did the same thing. We could talk about
that in a moment. But Hugo Chavez butchered and killed his opposition. He wasn't a nice
guy. He reportedly has $2 billion in his bank account. And he was begging for doctors to
make sure that he never died. I mean, you know, let's face it. Let's call it the way
it is. I mean, he was not a fan of the United States. And, you know, he wanted to hold on
to power for the rest of his life. And he's doing his thing. Now, you know, here's the
big difference. What's the difference between a Hugo Chavez who wants to be in there for
life and make a lot of money for the people who are running Saudi Arabia, okay? The Al
Saudis. The big difference is the Al Saudis play the game with us, even though under the
table some of them will finance terrorism and everything else. Chavez did not. And that's
where it comes down to. Whether you're the Shah of Iran or the Emirate of Kuwait or whomever,
if you play ball with the big country, you're gonna stay in power and you're gonna be there.
If you don't, if you pick the other side, they're gonna get you out one way or another.
And I think that's what happened.
But now it's changing where the Arab Spring from Tunisia right through Libya, all of it,
the West, NATO was in there starting all those. That was not spontaneous. And they're putting
Al Qaeda in while telling us give our rights up because of Al Qaeda.
Look, this planet is topsy turvy. I don't think you or I have ever been in a time period
where the world, the world was so upset about everything. I mean, all you gotta do is go
outside and talk to people. Nobody's happy. Everybody's upset. They're all confused. I
mean, this is this is happening time and time again. And it's not the Democratic administration.
People weren't happy with the Republican administration. People generally just don't trust government
anymore. And that's the problem. There's too much greed out there, Alex. There's too much
money to be made that these people are just running amok doing whatever they have to do.
That's why voices like you and what we do on Coast to Coast are critical to try to get
at least people to listen up. I mean, I remember originally you were on the terrorist watch
list, right?
You were on that watch list about, you know, when it first came out about Americans to
watch. I mean, how ludicrous can it be? I mean, you're merely calling it the way you
see it.
Well, it's done as an intimidation against the American people. It's done as an intimidation
so people say you better not say anything or they'll do something to you. And then you
give in to the tyranny. And pretty soon you're in the Soviet Russia or Nazi Germany. George
Norrie is our guest. I want to look farther afield when we come back and get into the
economic meltdown that George has been covering for, I don't know, 12 years on Coast to Coast
or even longer before that with his other radio show and what all his guests are telling
him what he thinks is happening and and then look into the stars.
Where does he think humanity is going? What does his gut tell him about our destiny? And
then some of your phone calls? I'll give that number out. We're on the march. The Empire's
on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cow
Bend Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes,
floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial law have highlighted the need for Americans
to prepare for emergencies. As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold and weapons. But
how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural
Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency. Supernatural Silver
is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus
and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe
from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long term
shelf life, making it the number one choice of preppers across the country. To find out
how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com.
Use the promo code prepared for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook. A little
over a year ago, I began to do a lot of research into why, even though I had a pretty good
sized meal, that I was still starving. And my research led me to a well known fact that
most of the soils that we grow our crops on here in the United States and across the industrialized
world are almost completely depleted of almost all of the key minerals and trace elements
that our bodies need to rebuild themselves, fight off cancer and be healthy. I then searched
out the best vitamin and mineral company out there and discovered Young Jevity. The Young
Jevity products are designed to give you the real nutrition you need. And once you've got
that, you don't have to eat as much to be satisfied. I've lost 37 pounds in two months
simply getting the vitamins and minerals I need. Check it out for yourself. It's incredible.
Go to info wars team.com today and order your first canister of beyond Tangy Tangerine complete
multivitamin mineral complex dietary supplement. That's info wars team.com. There's an old
saying in Tennessee, I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee, that says fool me once.
Shame on shame on you. Fool me, we can't get fooled again. He aligns himself with the truth.
And it's time for you to choose a side. You're listening to Alex Jones.
By the way, we were told that Obama had a total mandate for socialism, government run
healthcare to take our guns because he was elected. And that he was just the most popular
thing since sliced bread. Obama approval drops as Americans take a dimmer view of his economic
policies.
Yeah, I won't raise taxes on poor people. How do you like all those new healthcare taxes,
that new payroll tax? We're gonna get George Norrie's take on that. And then the larger
world where all this is going. First off, the new issue, the March issue has been out
for about, I don't know, 12 days or so.
And it's very close to selling out. We hold some back for those that get a one year subscription
in the next 12 issues. And we sell it at cost, a subscription, and in bulk, in groups of
10 up to 100, infowarstore.com. And it's great big glossy color magazine full of hardcore
articles and graphics and graphs.
Great way to wake people up, infowarstore.com or call 888-253-3139. And to get the word
out, we sell that at cost. When you buy the propure water filters, the stainless steel
systems that blow the competition away, lowest price promo code water, you get 10% off at
infowarstore.com.
We've got just the very best stuff that I've studied, I use all at infowarstore.com. And
when you support us, when you shop with the good guys, with the patriots, with the white
hats that funds the news operation, expanding, more filmmaking, everything. So get a Infowars
Nightly News membership at prisonplanet.tv.
One membership is 11 memberships, $5.95 a month, 55 cents per person. To see the video
of the show, see the nighttime show. All of it, continue to support us as you're doing.
We are expanding, building more studios, hiring more reporters. It's amazing, thanks to you
and our AM&FM affiliates, support their local sponsors as well.
And spread the word about the broadcast, spread the word about infowars.com, about the syndicated
show. And spread the word about people like George Norie and coastacostam.com. What, midnight
to 4 AM central, and I guess that would be Pacific 10 to 2, at coastacostam.com. Those
people that will tell the truth or will have other views on, who aren't stagnant, who aren't
just reading off a teleprompter, who aren't a stuffed suit, who are real, who aren't going
off just some globalist agenda, but are real people.
That's growing, that's exploding. George, I wanna get into Obama's approval rating,
and where you see all that going in the economy, and the move to disarm the people while they
deny it. And then I wanna get into the bigger picture and where you see things are going.
But I've thrown out a bunch of questions here. What's front and center on your radar? In
fact, tell me about, cuz I've seen clips of it, and I wish I had time to watch it, I listen
to the show.
Tell me about, cuz you've done hit TV shows on sci-fi, you've done them other places,
on top of doing three, four hours of radio a day. But tell us, the listeners, about the
new TV show you've been doing for a while that I just keep seeing buzz about.
I'm having a lot of fun with that. There's a company publicly held, Alex, called Guium.
And they produce specialized videos and programs that are in the yoga, meditation, alternative
medicine. And the chairman of the board is just a fan of Coast to Coast, and he loves
it. He went out and bought the entire DVD business from Universal, by Vindi Entertainment.
Wow.
And he owns it. And now he's saying to himself, gee, what do I do with it? So he went to one
of his producers who knows us and said, let's develop a program with George and see what
we can do. So I flew to Denver, we cut a deal, and it's on weekly. The television show is
called Beyond Belief, and it hosts people and guests, much like Coast to Coast. You'll
be on it. And it's done before a live audience. So it gives me an opportunity to do a lot
of television, which of course is what I did a long time ago. And I'm having a great time
doing that. We fly up to Denver one weekend a month, take four shows, and then they air
them on Fridays at 7 p.m. Eastern time. And it's an internet-based program. It's a subscription-based
show.
Well, that's the future. That's what I've been doing for, well, 10 years with that,
with subscription, or 11 years as a Glenn Beck's doing. And how many Emmys have you
won for News?
Three.
Three.
And so there's a link. The company's offering people 10 days free to take a look at this.
So it's worth it. It's giamtv.com slash George. Let me spell it for you, Alex. G-A-I-A-M-T-V.com
slash George. Or you can simply go to coast to coastam.com, click hosts at the top of
the page, and then the TV icon opens up and there's a link there. But I'm having a great
time doing it. It's fun. But, you know, I'm also doing speeches all around the country.
This Saturday, I'm going to be in Edison, New Jersey. People are interested in that.
Just go to my calendar schedule on our website and come on out and see me. I think it is
so important, Alex, so critical, as you know, to be in the public's eye, to meet them face
to face, to talk with them, to find out what they like, what they don't. That's how I pick
up my stories for Coast to Coast. You go out there and talk to real people about real issues
and they tell you what it's like. They tell you, you know what, things are tough for me.
I can't pay my electric bill. I can't do this. I can't do that. We don't feel that. We don't
get to it. Those people who are employed and working and paying their bills, they don't
see the pain and the anguish that is happening. But it's increasing. And it is increasing.
So we have devoted ourselves and I did want to say that we're going to set up a foundation
if and when we get to a certain subscriber level with the TV show. I'm giving it back
to people. I'm giving it back to Coast to Coast listeners. I get emails from people
who write in and say, look, I don't have enough money for food. I'm not on the food stamp
program. I can't pay my electric bill. You know, they want 200 bucks. They want 300 bucks.
I'm going to set up a foundation and have that administered and it'll be a 503 and then
just be able to help people that way, because if I'll take the profits from the show and
do that, it's a great idea. Look, bottom line, I can see the real degeneration in the economy
across the board, you know, with relatives, you name it. And then they just keep saying
the economy is great. The economy is wonderful. Everything's fine. You're a conspiracy theorist
if you think, you know, that the recession didn't end five years ago.
Where do you see this going? The meltdown in Europe, the paramilitary gear up. They're
clearly getting ready for a collapse. And I think they're going to use the a civil war
they try to start as the thing they're going to blame for the collapse when the collapse
is the private Federal Reserve and the agenda. Twenty one. What do you think's happening
with the economy and all the guests you talk to? Where do you see that going, George?
I am amazed, simply amazed at the perception that things are going well. The stock market
is booming ahead at record levels and retail sales up today compared to a month ago. You
know, people are, you know, happy days are here again. It's unbelievable. But we're being
propped up by this, you know, fiat form of currency, which means there's nothing back
again, or the Federal Reserve just continues to pump billions of dollars a month into the
system to just keep this going. The problem is, and I don't know when it will happen.
I'm already seeing the inflation tick up. It's got to pick up the energy. And, you know,
it may not affect us in the next year or two, but I got to tell you, eventually somebody's
going to have to pay the piper. And you just can't keep doing this this way. I mean, it's
almost as if these politicians say, all I want to do is make things seem OK until I'm
out of office. And then it's the next guy's problem or the next guy's problem. You know,
this mess started with the Bush administration. It's in it with the Obama administration.
It'll be in it with the next group that comes in in 2016. I mean, it's endless, but it's
a worldwide situation. And that is why I believe Homeland Security and other organizations
are getting ready for the possibility of civil disturbance. And they're just concerned that
the people will go ballistic and they don't know how to handle it.
Absolutely. Folks, here's the toll free number. Just a few calls for George Nori of Coast
to Coast AM Dotcom, the big national host. They have some also great weekend shows there.
Eight hundred two five nine ninety two thirty one eight hundred two five nine nine two three
one for any questions or comments you have for George Nori. Eight hundred two five nine
ninety two thirty one. And, you know, George, it's not that I dislike celebrities. I just
don't care about meeting somebody just because they're in movies.
If I don't like their movies or I don't think they're an interesting person, I don't care
about meeting them. I mean, for me to talk to a lawyer yesterday who you've interviewed
quite a bit, who's beaten the FDA dragon slayer, who's beaten them seven times. Jonathan, you
were done. Yes. When nobody else can. That's a celebrity to me. But somebody who's a trailblazer
like you that, you know, Coast to Coast maybe had 10 percent political news.
You made it about 50 percent, in my estimation, and hardcore patriot news. I mean, that's
a big thing. I remember you were the only one opposing the Model States Health Emergency
Powers Act on big national radio. And really, I can say your show helped kill forced inoculation
of the American people.
A lot of folks see that the establishment's not going to admit who's been hurting them
and who's been holding them back. And again, I've got to say we were already growing in
a very fast metric, reaching people. But you know, most people are egomaniacs and talk
radio and media. You're not you're into the info.
And so I want to say, George, you're a real guy and I've had a chance to eat dinner with
you, hang out quite a few times. You and Tom Dannheiser, the whole crew. You're just a
real guy. And, you know, I admire what you've done. And I'm a fan of you. So it's really
that simple. So I appreciate all you've done for Liberty.
Well, it's just critical. You know, Alex, all I want, all I want is the truth to be
known to people. You know, we can handle the truth. I was watching Beyond the Sea with
Kevin Spacey. He was playing the part of Bobby Darin, who I'm now into. I mean, I never liked
this music when I was a kid. But now, you know, I think it's great. The poor guy died
at 37. It's crazy how your taste changes. Yeah, it's absolutely. But, you know, his
his pseudo mother in the movie was talking to the doctor because he had rheumatic fever
when he was a kid. And she said, you tell me the truth. You can never go wrong with
the truth. And that is so true. I mean, we are tough people. Just don't lie to us. Tell
us the way it is. You know, if the economy is a shambled, let's make adjustments. Let's
fix what we need to fix. Let's move on. Whatever it is, don't lie to us. Tell us the truth.
We'll respect you more that way. And let's get this country rolling again.
I agree. But we have such a predatory establishment where the worst of the worst get in. A lot
of these globalists enjoy being nasty and dirty and lying. And they're destroying their
own nest. I mean, they already run things. It's just like Hitler turning east into Russia
or Napoleon. They're going to go a bridge too far. Remember the movie Eyes Wide Shut?
Yes. Stanley Coover, he died before he finished it. You've got to watch it three or four times
before it makes any sense to you. That's right. Now, people who listen to you and listen to
us will probably understand it pretty quick. But the bottom line with that movie is that
the elitists, they simply don't care about us. You know, they have what they want. They've
got mansions all over the world. If they think there's going to be a problem in the United
States, they'll pick up and they'll move off to some other country.
They've got 10 private jets with valets and butlers waiting. I mean, I've had a chance
to be behind the scenes in Hollywood some. I know you have too. People just have jets
with butlers on them. You know what? When I go on speaking engagements,
the person will say, well, Mr. Norie, we can't afford to fly first class. I said, I don't
fly first class. I go coach. I want to sit back there. I want to just enjoy myself. You
know, I fly Southwest Airlines most of the time. I get in line with my boarding pass
number. And you know, that's just the way it is. And you know, the elitists, they do
have their private jets and their yachts and all their things. And they are so insulated
from the real world. They don't. For those that don't know, the reason they
don't even see us as humans, they show up. There's a giant, you know, 20 million, 50
million, 100 million dollar yacht. There's three, four checks or whatever they're into
model level waiting like a can of peanuts on the table.
I mean, that's how it's seen. And they're just totally disconnected from us when we
supply and produce all this. And the scientific developments are most of them are made in
little workshops still. And it's, it's, I mean, really it has let them eat cake like
Marie Antoinette.
That's so true. So true. And so the bottom line here for all of us is we need to stay
together as a group and getting back to that LA Times article, which is how you started
this interview. We are not trying to disrupt the flow of this nation by any means. All
we want is fairness and truth. We want what our founding fathers created from the get
go.
Don't play around with Constitution. Don't screw up our lives. Back off. Go away. You
know, you want to move to that island. Go ahead. But leave us alone so we can run this
country and make it the great country it always has been. And let's just build a planet that
is just so, you know, I get so frustrated. You know, we could solve the nation.
We have so much potential, but the evil people don't want potential because real potential
threatens them. They want a gamed stage, tilted tables. Inside always wins. I want to go to
break and take a few calls in the short segment after that with George Norrie. But George,
where do you see humanity going? What does your gut tell you about humans future? I mean,
will we destroy ourselves?
I don't think we're going to destroy ourselves, Alex, but I'm going to tell you this. It's
going to be one bumpy roller coaster ride. We are going to have ups and downs. And if
you're not strapped in, you're going to fall out and you've got to be careful. Exactly.
And then we're strapping in because government's been strapping in. And then they say we're
kooks for food and guns while they're getting seed vaults, giant food bunkers, weapons.
That was just two thousand seven hundred tanks they ordered last month. They've ordered tens
of thousands of them. They've deployed them. I've confirmed it with the military. Absolutely.
Let's get these kids off of these prescription pharmaceutical mood altering drugs, because
that is creating most of these problems. Again, you're one of the only national host or the
only other than myself who I've seen fighting. Well, I got more and more. Michael Savage
has been talking about it. You've been talking about aspartame, all of what you think about
all the big studies coming out, even in CBS News that, OK, aspartame does brain damage
and give you type two diabetes.
I mean, it's just everything we've talked about is now being admitted. So now we're
not just kooks now. We're terrorists. George, right out of the drinking water, get rid of
MSG, get rid of aspartame. And you know what? That's what we've been pounding away at all
these years. And we're being vindicated. Studies are coming out now, as you just said, that
are showing and proving that this stuff is not good for you.
But the human body wasn't made to put this junk in it. Sounds like an extremist talk
to me. You're saying the government and industry would do something to hurt us. That sounds
like terror talk to me, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center and ADL and L.A. Times.
Today, the FDA has now said the antibiotic, the Z-Pax, erythromycin, not good for you,
causes heart problems in a lot of people.
Oh.
I mean, how does this stuff come to market? And then they tell us.
You know, I never take antibiotics, but I got a chest thing that I couldn't shake a
few months ago and they gave me a Z-Pak. And I'm not kidding. I told my dad this. I said,
my heart was beating funny one day. I was having trouble breathing. And he said it might
be the antibiotics. I didn't know about the Z-Pak. What are they saying?
Yeah, they are saying that it could cause heart arrhythmia and heart rhythm problems.
And they're issuing warnings.
See, I didn't even know that, what it was doing. And I just told you what it did. Can
you believe that?
Yeah, that's scary. That's scary.
Because, you know, a few times I've had like 10 cups of coffee in a day. And then my heart,
you know, does that a few times that's happened. Well, this is what that did. And I'd had one
cup of coffee. And I was like, what is this? And it happened the next day. And I threw
the package in the trash. I didn't finish all the pills. A few calls straight ahead
with George Norie of Coast2CoastAM.com.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day. If you're
listening, you know the economy is not getting better. You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared. For years we've told you about our friends at e Foods
Direct. They have the best tasting long-term storable food on the planet. This food will
taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long-term food supply allows
you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most. Be prepared.
And get your supply from e Foods Direct. Right now is the best time to stock up and save
hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give yourself peace of
mind and be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex. Get
free shipping on all orders for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com
slash Alex. You can bet your life on e Foods Direct.
Don't throw away leftovers. Instead, throw all your leftovers, vegetable peels, egg shells,
coffee grounds, pizza crusts, and more into the Bokashi. If you love to garden and compost
but don't like the hassle of turning a compost bin or the smell, then check out the eM Bokashi
Food Waste Recycling System from Tereganics. Finally, a way to recycle all your food and
plant waste safely and effectively and stop using fertilizers. The eM Bokashi Food Waste
Recycling System. Rather than decomposition, the Bokashi system uses fermentation to break
down waste so it takes less time to create nutrient-dense humus for crops or gardens
with no turning and no obnoxious odors. To learn more and order your Bokashi online,
visit Tereganics.com and click on the orange button. That's Tereganics.com, spelled T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X.com
or call 866-369-3678. That's 866-369-3678. Recycle all your food wastes in about six
weeks with the Bokashi Food Waste Recycling System from Tereganics.com. Tereganics. Life's
getting better.
Is this the year you finally get serious about your family's drinking water? If so, keep
listening for a special offer from Big Berkey Water Filters. Did you know that over 60 percent
of municipal water is fluoridated? Berkey Water Filters distinguish themselves from
many other filtration systems with the capability to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine,
fluoride, arsenic, and disinfection byproducts from municipal water via the Black Berkey
and PF line of filters. Then there's affordability. At only 1.7 cents per gallon, Berkey Water
Filters purify treated and untreated water, even stagnant pond water. Stop and think how
much money you could save by simply reducing buying bottled water and using water filtered
by your Berkey Water Filter. No need to be constantly replacing expensive filters with
a Berkey. A single set of filters can last for five to ten years. Choose the best size
Berkey for your needs at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com. And right now, all GCN listeners get 5 percent
off all ceramic filter systems. Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY. That's 877-99-BER-KEY. Or
visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com. Free shipping on every order over $50. Big Berkey Water
Filters, for the love of clean water.
I don't know. They're not really considered men. Because you talk about them, they almost
want to hide under their bed when they hear the truth. And those people are useless to
us. But the people who listen to both of your shows are the people who are going to pretty
much try to save this country because we're all slowly being put under house arrest. I
mean, you could see it very simply by, you know, one president, President Bush, starts
out with artificial oil shortages, shuts down the refineries, and then the prices of fuel
goes up. And the next president fits in, and now he's creating energy shortages. Our next
president that comes in after Obama will create food shortages. But before then, before the
food shortages, they need to take our guns away. Because if you touch our food, we're
going to come after you. So they're going to start...
Wow, you just said it all, and they are shutting down our coal power plants. When China gets
to have them, great points. George?
Well, there's no doubt. I mean, look, this whole thing has been manipulated since the
get-go, and they're going to continue to do that. But I do not believe they're going to
be able to come and get our guns. I mean, they have created an issue with the Second
Amendment, and they're going to have a difficult time trying to change that. It doesn't mean
they're going to not try. Believe me, they are going to try. They're going to start with
the assault weapons and everything else and try to ease their way in.
But the caller's absolutely right, Bob, is absolutely right, that if things go awry,
that's what they want to be prepared for. That's why I think Homeland Security is buying
2,000 tanks and billions around the dam, because they think, my God, if there's an Arab Spring,
what if there's an American Spring?
And they want to deny that it's happening, which is another military tactic, but in their
internal documents and now public, what about the racism of Homeland Security saying white
men are the problem? I mean, they actually say that, and the LA Times echoes it. I mean,
that's even shocking me. I mean, I knew the new Al Qaeda was, quote, white Christian gun
owners trying to make it a white thing to own guns, but everybody I know wants guns.
Yeah, there's a simple solution to this, which they don't seem to understand. Go back to
the Constitution and you'll see everybody calm and peaceful again.
And everybody has rights. Sebastian wants to ask you a question. Real quick, Sebastian.
I wanted to ask you, what do you think about China arming up their cells with a bunch of
drones and how the U.S. now is, you know, arming itself with drones to, you know, watch
us?
Oh, you know, we've talked about that. As a matter of fact, our program tomorrow night
on Coast to Coast will be on ammunition and drones. So make sure you're part of that.
I mean, it's ludicrous. I mean, they just think they need to be everywhere.
Now, George, Politico and Media Matters says there is no bullets or tanks and that we're
insane.
All they got to do is go on the Web site and look at all the articles that are out there
time and time again.
No, I mean, obviously they're lying to us. That's what I'm saying. It's over the top.
I want to ask you about that. We come back in one minute. Why do they think they can
lie with impunity? It's discrediting them. And we'll take a few more calls. Thank you,
Sebastian. We're going to talk to Roy, Catherine and Kim. We're going to jam in three more
and then George is gone to get some shout out before his show tonight.
Then a big news blitz at another special guest. The police say, get a dog, no guns.
You are listening to GCN. Visit GCN live dot com today.
Introducing pro one, all of your filtration in one system, portable on the go. No more
do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts
out the sodium fluoride and up to ninety five percent of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced
manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics, advanced
media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one filter element. It is the
only one that does it. And out of the gates, we have a discounted at 10 percent off with
promo code water. This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides,
herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form
of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your pro pure with a new pro one filter today at info war store dot com or by calling
888-253-3139. Waging war on corruption. Alex Jones on the
GCN radio network. Big brother, mainstream media, government cover ups. You want answers?
Well, so does he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network. And now, live from Austin,
Texas, Alex Jones. All right, we're going to move quick because we're almost out of
time with George Nori. But briefly, George, it's like Gibbs said two weeks ago, oh, I
was told a lie about a drone program overseas that was admitted program. It was like Wizard
of Oz, he said. Why do they think they're going to get away with just insane cuckoo
lying? You know what? It's the old deny, deny, deny.
You know, there's always things. There was a comedy where a guy was in bed with another
woman. His wife comes in screaming at him. What are you doing in bed with her? And with
her, you know, lying right next to him, he said, there's nobody here. That's gaslighting.
You know, and that's the name of the game. Just simply deny, deny, deny. And people will
just go away. That's their theory. The problem is people aren't going to go away anymore.
People are too smart. It's a weird trick. I'm getting sick of it.
Roy in Montana, you're on the air. Go ahead. I just was wondering what George's thought
was on Planet X. What his gut was, if it's disinfo or did he think it's real? You know,
with all the dead scientists, I don't know what he'd think.
I think there is an extra body in our solar system somewhere out there.
There's a bunch of them in the Kuiper Belt. Yeah, there's no doubt. But this Planet X
that people have talked about for years is probably there. And you know, Zechariah Stitch
and the late Zechariah Stitch and his work called The Twelfth Planet, his theory was
that this elliptical orbit of this planet is 3,600 years, comes by and plays havoc with
us, whether it causes the flood of Noah and other catastrophes. But I do believe there
is an object out there. I don't know why astronomers haven't found it yet when they are finding
with Kepler all kinds of Earth-like planets beyond our own solar system. But I think something's
there. Well, what about all the crazy meteors blowing
up over Russia and Florida and everything else? Man, that's wild.
Oh, we're right in the middle of a swap. I mean, there's no question about it. We're
in the middle of a swarm of asteroids and meteors. And let's hope to God we don't get
hit with one of them because, Alex, had that meteor that became a meteorite over Russia
exploded a little closer to the planet, those 1,100 people who were injured all would have
been dead. Oh, absolutely. Probably more.
And then it would have been flat. Absolutely, real fast. Catherine in New York,
you're on the air with George Norie. Hello.
Hi. Hi, I just wanted to address what George just
said previously about the elite just being so isolated. And I just think that we really
need to call a spade a spade, and even Gerald Cilente has said it, and just call them what
they are. These people have a serious addiction problem.
And I mean- They're power junkies. That's what Gerald
Cilente calls them. I mean, I was so glad to hear him say it and
put it in those terms because that's exactly what they are. And I just think that we need
to really drive that home. And a serious intervention needs to happen. And the people really need
to step up and totally intervene. I mean, I just hope enough of us are prepared to do
what it takes. Absolutely. Thank you so much for those words.
Thank you so much, Alex. They're bored with life. So the only thing left for them is the
manipulation of human mind. You're right. One quick final question. We
got one minute. Ken in Minnesota, ask your question.
Gentlemen, honored to speak with you both. One quick question. When can we have our day,
our march, the Patriot March in Washington DC, or let alone Minneapolis, Minnesota, Los
Angeles, New York? Sure. When should the Patriots stand up? George
Norrie? They should stand up right now and do it peacefully
and let the planet know we're as mad as hell and we're not going to take it anymore.
Exactly. If people support my show, your show, my prison planet.tv show, your TV show, if
you support the alternative, it will become the new dominant system. Vote with your dollars,
your mind. There's more than one way to fight. The system wants us to have a physical confrontation
because they can win that. They don't want us to have a velvet revolution. George Norrie,
I'll be listening tonight, coast to coast AM on the manmade weather changes. Thanks
for spending time with us. Thanks, Alex, always.
I'll see you during the break, George. All right, folks, we're going to come right back
with a news blitz, your phone calls, then a special guest. I'm not kidding, I got video.
The police all over the country say, buy a dog, turn in your guns. We'll be back.
Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers. The prognosis for the entire planetary
economic system runs from bad to worse. The globalist model is to shut down societies
and starve patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover. That's why we've assembled
the most vital and important preparedness items at InfoWarsShop.com. These are items
that I did research on that I personally use. You've got the life straw so you can turn
fetid water into safe water anywhere you go. The Ktor hand crank generator to charge up
key equipment during power outages are out in the field. Strategic relocation, third
edition by Joel Skousen. When disaster strikes by Matthew Stein, they're a safe used by Homeland
Security to protect yourself during any radiological event. Hand crank shortwave AM FM radios.
Everything that we've researched and found to be the best is available at InfoWarsShop.com
and your purchase makes our info war possible. We're getting prepared. Are you InfoWarsShop.com?
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Bend Soap Company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years. These
all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are
earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as
good as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for
all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and
you will love the way real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at 5starsoap.com
or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your
arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching
out for intruders? Check out Simply Safe. It's a new do it yourself home security
system that is completely wireless. Go to GetSimplySafe.com. Simply Safe is independent
and off the grid. It runs on battery power so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit or shed. GetSimplySafe.com. Simply Safe is also ridiculously easy to install
yourself in under 20 minutes so there's no need to let a stranger into your home. If
you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go. You aren't
always at home but Simply Safe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a
day, 7 days a week. Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com.
Big Brother. Mainstream media. Government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does
Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are back live and I want to thank you all for joining us today.
We just had syndicated radio host, George Norrie, on from coast to coast AM. He was
on for a little over an hour. He had to go. We have callers who obviously wanted to talk
to Norrie. If you still want to talk to me, that's fine. If not, hang up. The toll free
number to join us is 800-259-9231. 800-259-9231. We had scheduled the Project Veritas who put
together a video of police in all these departments saying, no, you shouldn't be able to own guns,
get a dog.
And then O'Keefe, I'm told, is under the weather so we're gonna see if we're gonna have one
of his other cohorts on the broadcast coming up here in about 30 minutes. But regardless,
we're gonna play that video slash audio for everyone here. Also, white smoke rises over
Vatican, a new pope has been elected.
Let's fade up Fox News here whenever we get a chance to do that. And we will be breaking
more of that down here today as that unfolds. Now, continuing with news, there is some pretty
incredible stuff going on and happening up at infoawards.com. The Democrat group labels
talk of DHS bullet buys as extremist.
Fade back up the new pope being chosen. I wonder if he'll bizarrely just resign and
disappear. The Vatican is being blackmailed with sex scandals, which is why you're not
even let into it now unless you can be blackmailed. Undoubtedly, you've got all these cardinals
raining. This is all part of the new order takeover. The royal family of England with
the Jimmy Savelle child sex ring thing.
They're being blackmailed by the mega banks. This is amazing. White smoke rises over Vatican
as new pope has been elected. And they're gonna announce any moment now. And look, everybody's
out there got their flags from their country. Like, will it be a Mexican pope? Will it be
a US pope? Will it be a Filipino pope? Will it be a Russian pope? Will it be just on and
all? Will it be an Italian pope? It was like a football game. And John Bowne just said,
the happiness of the folks live in Rome, as they now know, as the world does, that we
have a new pope.
And then the old guy flies off in a helicopter to his castle. Like, no discussion of why
he's been elected. The master of liturgical ceremonies enters the Sistine Chapel. The
senior cardinal will ask of the newly elected pope, do you accept your election as supreme
pontiff?
At least they're not crying like when Kim Jong-il died.
What name do you wish to be called? The information will be entered on a formal document. It is
at that point that the white smoke pours out of the Sistine Chapel chimney and the bells
of St. Peter's toll. So we believe that has happened and the cardinal who has been elected
has accepted the position. The new pope, we believe at this moment, is changing into his
papal white cassock. And one by one, we believe the cardinals right now would be approaching
him to swear their obedience. Moments from now, we will meet the new pope and you will
hear the announcement, Habemus Papam, Latin for we have a pope, and he will be introduced
to the world in Latin and deliver his first words as pope. It will happen moments from
now. As you can hear, they have official business to take care of inside the Vatican, but the
celebration goes on outside in St. Peter's Square. And look at the smiles on the folks'
faces as they continue to celebrate. We're going to pause for one moment to let our Fox
stations join us. Oh, they've got the signs up. Viva papa. I'm Shepard Smith. It's 12
minutes past seven. Oh my gosh. And tonight we have a pope, the white smoke. We have a
pope. Sistine Chapel just about three, maybe four minutes ago. And by the thousands people
in St. Peter's Square as the bells rang overhead.
Okay, ladies and gentlemen, we're getting live coverage here. Just just tell me as soon
as they announce who it is and we'll we'll cover some of it there for all the listeners
out there in radio land. Let's go to some phone calls right now so I can reset my brain
before I get back into all this other news. Let's talk to Teresa in Oregon. You're on
the air, Teresa. Hello. Good day. Greetings. This is an honor
to talk to a fellow info warrior. My question is, do you think the media in the form of
radio talk show hosts are revealing their true identities?
I'm not sure. Oh, I'm sorry. They're openly relieved that
Rand Paul stood up for everybody and he stood there for 13 hours and just stood up for the
American people all week. I've been hearing, you know, people just really thankful that
he's there standing up for us and talking about.
Well, I got to say, I know Rand Paul. He's a real guy. He was not going to run for Senate.
I'm not saying that I got him to, but I off the air said you will end up winning. You
will. And he's he's even said that on air that I pushed him and others did. And as long
as he doesn't allow all the political sycophants, because even if you hire libertarian politicos,
the way it works is there's some sycophantic ones.
I mean, my gosh, he's filled the Daily Caller people and I'm not bashing them. They do some
good work. But I mean, Tucker Carlson has blown up and just said that I'm evil, I'm
bad and you flipped out. And but I mean, overall, I like Rand Paul. He is doing the right thing.
He's real and he's certainly a lot better than Jeb Bush or Jeb Bush's nephew running
for Texas ag commissioner to end up being president.
He certainly is is real and his dad's a great person. And the system is really scared of
him, but he's really maneuvered well and is very articulate and very well spoken. And
the more hardcore he gets, the more popular he'll get because we're facing hardcore tyranny.
But you're saying our talk show host showing their real identity. I have been listening
to a lot of the big mainline talk shows. I'm too busy doing my own nightly news and research
and things around here.
I listen to some talk radio in the morning and the afternoon, but mainly local radio
to see what they're up to. And then I see compilations online of what other people have
been covering. But I mean, are other mainline talk show hosts now supporting Rand Paul who
they demonized a few years ago during the election?
I hear Bill O'Reilly, Sean Hannity, Neil Cavuto, Shepard Smith, of course, Judge Andrew
Napolitano and Lee Dobbs. But just there was no other talk for a whole week after that.
And I was just really impressed just listening to people that I thought were mainstream conservatives
say, well, I am an independent and this does mean a lot to the American people.
Sure, sure, ma'am, let me explain to you what's happened. And of course, I was aware of what
you just mentioned cuz I saw the articles about it, I just didn't watch it. The Republicans
tried to beat Rand Paul in Kentucky in the primary, they ran a big pro New World Order
guy.
When they couldn't win, Rand was smart and went and said, hey, let's be friends and they
ended up beating the Democrat. He's one of the only good people in the Senate now. And
what's happened is they do focus groups, they have real internal polls, they have data mining
data. They don't get mainline polls, they get data mining data, like Forbes did a few
months ago and said the data mining shows gun control is unbelievably unpopular, record
gun ownership.
People don't trust the government, they don't trust the system, Theresa. So let me answer
your question, I appreciate your call. What's happened is, I mean, Glenn Beck, who I have
monitored some, at least seen clips, he's like, I don't like the Republicans, I'm a
libertarian now, I love Ron Paul, I love Rand Paul, they're the only ones I like, I join
them.
Because they know there's been a total awakening with libertarians and conservatives, that
Mitt Romney was New World Order and all the rest of it. And so, but also with the left,
they don't support Obama, the data mining, the polls show that. Here's Obama approval
drops at Washington Post. They're having to admit it cuz they're hoax that he has everybody
absolutely unified behind him, that has fallen apart.
That has gone the way of the goonie bird. So when all these guys come out and endorse
Rand Paul now, it's because they realize that's really what's popular. And who is Rand Paul?
He's talking about bullets, he's talking about tanks, he's talking about drones, he's talking
about TSA, he's talking about NSA, he's talking about tyranny, he's talking about all these
illegal wars.
He is a creature of his father and a creature of the liberty movement and a creature of
this show and a creature of himself, a liberty lover. I'm a creature of it, you're a creature
of it. And so we are winning. I mean, look at the LA Times, they're growing fast, they're
dangerous, they're cells, they're terrorists, they're white. That's why they go, if you
don't like socialism, you're racist.
You don't want to turn your guns and you're racist. You're like, what does it have to
do intellectually? Shut up, racist. They are desperate just to try to get the minorities
who are the majority now in most states and under the age of 15, everywhere, to not buy
into liberty, Second Amendment, private property, family. Which the Latin Americans and Mexicans
will totally buy into, historically, if you look at the cultures. They're desperate to
create that division now.
So they're like, white people are evil, LA Times, whites are terrorists. I mean, can
you imagine if they said blacks are terrorists or Hispanics are terrorists? And it's the
perfect double back and they've been planning it before Obama, the social engineers. I told
you this was going on before Obama got in, it's just accelerated. I mean, look at this
LA Times article, if you just join me. Peril from patriots, and it says they say things
like only criminals in government want unarmed public.
What part of shall not be infringed, do you not understand? Repeal and negate. And it
goes on, they're intractable hatred, often motivated by religious zeal. They're not jihadist.
They are white, right wing Americans, nearly all with an obsessive attachment to guns who
may resent a greater danger to the lives of American civilians than international terrorists.
And then they break it down. The right wingers are going to blow stuff up. You know who really
is going to do it, don't you? And blame us. You know.
Hello, I'm Alex Jones. Myself, my family, the Infowars.com team want to relay to you
and your families that we are intensifying our efforts against the globalist on every
front. Infowars.com is leading the fight against the technocrats. But we can't do that without
your help. By getting the films, bumper stickers and T-shirts at Infowars.com, you will wake
up people in your area and support our operation as we move to the next level. We need your
help to spread the word like never before. They wish to hide themselves during this tectonic
battle between the forces of freedom and darkness. You are the response to the globalist technocrats
and their program of global eugenics, dehumanization and ultimate extermination. The war is here.
It's an info war. The spirit of 1776 versus the mindset of 1984. It's an MRE smorgasbord
at longlifefood.com. In 1983, Long Life Food Depot was one of the first to sell MRE pouches
to the public, and we're still selling them almost 30 years later. Today, Long Life Food
Depot has the world's most complete MRE online buffet because MREs are all we do. Tasty varieties
of chicken, beef, salmon and pasta entrees, plus sandwiches and our easy to use pouches.
Full moisture, long shelf life and ready to eat hot or cold. We sell by the pouch or case
so the choices are endless and so are the graduated quantity discounts. The more you
buy, the more you save. Call 800-601-2833 or go to longlifefood.com to join our email
list for upcoming announcements like the rollaway food pod. Plus, enjoy fast and free shipping.
Just call 800-601-2833 or visit longlifefood.com. Emergency preparedness, emergency relief,
longlifefood.com since 1983. Sending real food to your real future.
Quantitative easing, unemployment at depression levels, Europe financial system falling apart,
China getting out of U.S. treasuries. At the end of 2008, the time of TARP, the national
debt was at 11 trillion gold trading around $850 per ounce. Close to 2012, the national
debt exceeded 16.4 trillion, gold doubled to $1600 per ounce. The 20 trillion threshold
for the national debt is inevitable. Politicians in Washington have a ferocious appetite for
spending its stimulus. What's worse, a printing press to finance. A hundred years ago, we
had a gold standard to limit this madness but now you have to adopt your own gold standard.
Don't be fooled with paper promises. Get Midas Resources 10 Reasons to Buy Gold free by calling
800-686-2237. Understanding the gold and silver market may be the only insurance you could
have to avoiding the next economic crisis. Call 1-800-686-2237 and order your free copy.
Again, that's 800-686-2237. In the U.S., one in every 50 homes will have
a break in this year. Burglars call it smash and grab. Police call it robbery. We call
it avoidable. We are Fake TV, a simple electronic device that can fool even professional burglars.
Fake TV easily plugs into any outlet and simulates the changing colors of a television. To a
burglar, it looks like someone must be home watching TV so they'll likely move on to an
easier target. At only $34.95, Fake TV costs less than a month of most alarm monitoring
plans and it's perfect if you're traveling or away from home. Order your Fake TV by calling
877-5FAKETV or go to FAKETV.com. That's 877-532-5388 or FAKETV.com. Fake TV, the burglar deterrent.
All right, Alex Jones here, back live. They have still not announced who the new pope
is, the white spokesman coming out. They'll build the anticipation with all the showmanship
and announce it. When are they saying they're going to announce who the new pope is? Because
I'm actually interested. I want to know politically what that means. That'll be a big deal.
And the time they think they'll probably come out on the balcony is somewhere around 45
minutes. They're asking that you don't hold them to that too closely. But somewhere-
All right, we'll have analysis on this by the end of the show today or on the nightly
news tonight, 7 o'clock central. Thanks for holding. Let's talk to Caleb in Oregon. You
want to talk about drones? Go ahead.
Hi, Alex. It's a pleasure to talk to you and George as well, even though he's not on anymore.
I listened to both your guys' shows religiously and thank you both for all the hard work that
you're doing. These are very interesting times we're living in. And I just wanted to say,
I have two of the most beautiful girls and I'm going to do anything to fight for their
lives, their freedom. And I'm from Southern Oregon here. Another thing I just wanted to
bring up, I know you've talked about it in the past and George has talked about it on
his show and John B. Wells about John Nieveski. And he was a good friend of mine. And with
his passing, it was a lot of very fishy things surrounding his death and right around the
same time with FPS Russia as well. And just really sad what's going on with the way, you
know, we've got to worry about drones and it's impossible to find any ammo and all these
things. It's just, it's kind of disheartening, but the way that you guys put the information
out for all of us and it keeps it very positive and makes me want to continue on doing what
I'm doing.
Well, thank you, brother. Look, look, the reason we're in crisis is the world is waking
up to the globalist and all the corruption in every major institution. That's why history
is being molded right now. A key jump point, kind of like when you aim an arrow and draw
it back and then about to let it loose, we're at that critical time that will decide where
the projectile goes.
And so please don't thank me. We're all in this together. I work so hard because I know
we're affecting history for the better. And I know that it's not just evil in the world.
There is good in the world and there's competing forces. And so we have to animate the forces
of good in the animating contest of liberty. I appreciate you calling. I mean, look at
this type of news that's breaking.
You asked to let spy agencies scour American's finances. This is out of the Chicago Tribune.
Folks, they've already been doing this for decades illegally. They already have, that's
when they say, we're going to fill out a suspicious persons or transaction report because you
got out money out of the bank.
They just want you to know you're being watched there and getting you ready for it. The government
is the one that gives out the passcodes. They're the ones that have the data dumps, the social
security numbers. They give the illegals the fake social security numbers. I mean, that's
all come out. We're run by criminals.
And it has nothing to do with Al-Qaeda. The whole war on terror, as I warned you for the
last 11 years, is about gun owners, constitutionalist, returning veterans. And now, and I already
saw this in the training stuff two years ago, and I told you, white Al-Qaeda, and they're
now announcing whites are terrorists.
And whites will probably show up to local prisons and ask to be put in prisons and ask
for the state to work their kids to death in slave camps. I mean, the average American
rather than, I mean, whites know they're bad. Whites know they're the ultimate evil on Earth.
Whites are the source of all evil, the media tells us that.
And so this is a good thing that the ADL and Southern Poverty Law Center and LA Times and
a bunch of the publications are saying, whites are terrorists. I could read the quote for
you again, period. I agree with that. I mean, whites are the evil, and I think that's totally
reasonable. And there are 2 billion bullets, but there aren't. And the armored vehicles,
the aspartame, giving people type 2 diabetes and killing tens of thousands a year, very
loving and liberal.
I wanna join the Southern Poverty Law Center. I think you guys are awesome. You did a great
job at Oklahoma City with the Elohim City white supremacy compound you had your informants
over. And then when federal informants tried to blow the whistle, you had them arrested.
Man, you're really nice. I know you're liberals. It's not like I'm fake camouflage. You're
not really hardcore mercenaries or anything. You're not really banker intelligence operatives
or anything.
You're just little liberals that wanna help everybody and fund ethnic uprisings by Hispanics
and others. You're just really nice people. And you're now telling us gun owners are terrorists,
period. And whites are terrorists. And I don't think that's a big deal. I'm sure Fox News
will come out and say, how isn't it funny they're saying whites are terrorists. It's
all a joke.
They'll play the part of the right wing and make a joke out of it and talk about stuff
like that. So we're gonna play a clip coming up of police saying, you don't need to own
a gun. And we have Michael Moore saying, get a dog. That's coming up right after this quick
break.
We're on the march. The empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN radio network.
If you're listening, you know your basic freedoms are being threatened every day. If you're
listening, you know the economy is not getting better. You know gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared. For years we've told you about our friends at E Foods
Direct. They have the best tasting long term storable food on the planet. This food will
taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight. A long term food supply allows
you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing you need most. Be prepared
and get your supply from E Foods Direct. Right now is the best time to stock up and save
hundreds of dollars with free shipping on all food supplies. Give yourself peace of
mind and be prepared. Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit efoodsdirect.com slash Alex. Get
free shipping on all orders for a limited time. Call 800-409-5633 or go to efoodsdirect.com
slash Alex. You can bet your life on E Foods Direct. I had tried everything. I'd cut back
the amount of food I was eating. I was lifting weights and jogging, but nothing was working.
My body was literally starving for minerals and trace elements as well as key vitamins.
And as soon as I had that, I immediately could eat half of what I was eating previously and
be satisfied. Now there are hundreds of great products at info wars team.com, but I want
to point out the three that have helped me lose 37 pounds in just two months. Products
like Beyond Tangy Tangerine, Holland Burst and Rebound. When I started taking the Tangy
Tangerine and other products every day, I lost more than 37 pounds in just two months.
Now that's results. I want to challenge my listeners to go to info wars team.com and
to order just three of their products and you will see the changes in the way you look,
feel and in your appetite almost immediately. Start your journey to health and wellness
today. Info wars team.com introducing pro wine, all of your filtration in one system
portable on the go. No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic
acid advanced manufacturing technology combined silver impregnated white ceramic with new
aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one
filter element. It is the only one that does it and out of the gates. We have a discounted
at 10% off with promo code water. This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce
or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines, ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid,
the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium
hexafluorosilicate. Get your pro pure with a new pro one filters today at info war store
.com or by calling 888-253-3139. There is a single broadcast every second of every day
through our television sets. Even when the set is turned off, look around the environment
we live in. Carbon dioxide, fluorocarbons and methane have increased since 1958. Earth
is being privatized. They are turning our atmosphere into their atmosphere. We are like
a natural resource to them. To keep the planet, move on to another. They want benign indifference.
They want us drugging. We could be pets. We could be food. But all we really are is livestock.
Our impulses are being redirected. We are living in an artificially induced state of
consciousness that resembles sleep. We now take you live to the Central Texas Command
Center in the heart of the resistance.
Alright ladies and gentlemen, we have breaking news at prisonplanet.com and infowars.com
right now dealing with the LA Times headline. Peril from Patriots, LA Times announces white
men are terrorists. And they just say being white inherently is terrorism. I read the
quote over and over again. It is unbelievable and I told you forever that this was coming.
In fact, Kurt did a great job on this article. But you asked him to add the links from two
years ago and a year ago. All our headlines about white al-Qaeda, the new threat. Here's
some of them. Domestic terrorist as big a threat as al-Qaeda, says FBI. But see, that
isn't the exact articles where I saw their internal training manuals and videos where
every terrorist is a white guy.
And then the minorities are reporting them. I mean, it's like the Arabs complain saying
all the terror ads say Arabs are the terrorists. Well, now it's saying whites inherently are
terrorists. And I've told you this was coming, now it's been announced. Incredible racial
division, incredible leftist divide and conquer tactic, unbelievable. Now the folks that brought
down ACORN, the people that have gone to Eric Holder's house, so many other incredible exploits
in fighting tyranny joins us after this video clip that we're gonna be playing.
The whole video is at theprojectveritas.org and on their YouTube channel. There's a whole
bunch of videos up there, but we're gonna play a few minutes of this. Then we have our
own clip of Michael Moore a few weeks ago talking to Luke Rudalski. He's saying now,
release the photos of the dead kids, but not the dead kids killed by drones, cuz Obama's
a peacenik, so those drones are good.
And he says, don't have a gun, get a dog. This is a guy who has up to five, six bodyguards
that I've seen with him, who've been arrested carrying guns in illegal areas, and he owns
guns. He has guns to protect his 50 million bucks and his family, but you don't get to
have a gun. Bloomberg has bodyguards and guns, but you can't. I mean, they're just disgusting
mobsters, they're not liberals.
So we'll play a few minutes of this, this is in police stations. We'll talk about the
cities, where this happened, they have it all listed with Daniel Francisco, executive
director of Project Veritas. But first, let's go ahead and go to some of this audio and
video.
If somebody breaks into my home in this town of Bronxville, okay, will the police department
be there to protect me from that?
Yeah.
But what happens between the time I call 911 and you get there?
Takes a couple minutes to get there.
Okay, in the two minutes, though?
Yeah.
What do I do?
In the two minutes, what do you do?
Yeah.
That's a good question.
Okay, but basically, it's just in that two minutes, I'm on my own.
Yeah. Look on the internet, how do you get a gun from it?
Okay, how long does it take to get?
In New York?
Yeah.
About a year.
A year?
Yeah.
So in that year, between the time I move here and the time I get one-
And they'll never give it to you.
That two minutes, I'm still on my own.
Yeah.
Pretty much between the time I make the call or the time the burglar alarm goes in until
the time the police show up, we're on our own?
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
And that's any citizen.
Between the time 911 is called and the time the police department shows up, we're pretty
much on our own.
Yes.
Okay.
Unless you have a dog.
It's 2013, it's United States of America, you lock your doors and you hope nothing happens.
You're on your own.
And that's the truth.
That's why we have call boxes.
That's why we have safe zones.
That's why we have the whistles.
Hit pause.
Project Veritas.com, folks, that is a state rep in Colorado, as you know, they're banning
guns all over the place.
Senate panel passes two gun control measures, registration, all sorts of garbage.
That's the US Senate, that's AP on that front.
All this is going on and they got a state rep up there with a bow tie who's got bodyguards
and everything else and armed guards protecting him saying, stop at a call box, use a payphone,
use a whistle.
And by the way, in England, they arrest you for defending yourself.
Now, I'm not gonna play it all of it, it's just amazing.
There's even more of it, it just goes on and on.
But let's go ahead and go to another clip of Luke Rudowski talking to Michael Moore
a few weeks ago who said, get a dog.
Now, remember, I've been there when his bodyguards in New York, I tried to walk up and ask him
a question politely, rammed their elbows into me and I ran my elbow back into that guy.
And they were packing heat, you could see it bulging under their jackets.
And it's come out, they do have permits in New York.
They're gonna have guns, you don't chump.
Let's go to that clip of Michael Moore.
But should we have a gun to defend ourselves since criminals always find a way to have
guns like in Mexico?
That's the argument that's being made.
I think if somebody really believes they need a gun to protect themselves, they should have
the right to do that.
But I can show you the statistics that by having a gun in the house, how many more times
likely someone in the house is likely to be harmed by that gun or use that gun to-
That's not true.
It's much, much higher.
And if you are worried about your safety, get a dog.
So it's double speak.
Yeah, I think you should have that right cuz he's actually got it.
But you gotta jump through 1,000 hoops, he knows it's selective, but get a dog.
Well, you got guns, bud, those weren't dogs in New York that tried to rough me up.
That's in my film Martial Law.
Joining us is Daniel Francisco, executive director of Project Veritas.
Remember, they're the folks that dressed up like pimps that went in and said, we're gonna
run little kids in here for sex slavery.
We wanna work with the government.
Well, that's great.
Yeah, we wanna help you out with that.
Remember all that?
And he'd go to office after office after office with James O'Keefe and others, and they would
say the same thing.
Because that's what this is.
The Democratic Party is a bunch of street mafia.
Now, the Republicans are big global mega mafia, and so are the top Democrats.
But I mean, we're in trouble, ladies and gentlemen, we're in trouble.
And they're gonna totally steal everything.
The globalists are gonna collapse this society.
If we don't turn this around, joining us is Daniel Francisco.
Tell us about this latest initiative and give us a heads up of what you've already got in
the can but isn't out yet.
I know you can't talk about stuff you haven't done yet to give the enemy a heads up, but
tell us about this project dealing with the Second Amendment and the incredible hypocrisy
discovered.
And where are some of these towns and cities that you're going to?
I know it says on the screen, but for radio listeners, TV viewers on prisonplanet.tv and
the Nightly News can see it.
But for people out there, people out there listening on the radio who can't get to your
website yet, they will, I'm sure when they get home today, or will link to it on m4wars.com,
break down these police saying get a dog when they're sitting there packing heat to protect
themselves.
Absolutely, and thanks for having me on.
So we focused on three states in this investigation, New Jersey, New York, which is actually our
home turf.
We live in New Jersey and work out of New York State, but also North Carolina, and they're
all kind of local to the New York City metropolitan area.
Some of the places we went to were actually physically in New York City, which have their
own sets of draconian gun laws on another level, completely different from those of
the state of New York.
The main focus of this video that I want to transcend is this is not an attack on law
enforcement.
This is not an attack on police officers.
And sadly, when we're having this debate after the tragedy of Newtown, there's a lot of disinformation
out there, specifically in the Northeast, where when you talk to people up here, it's
not like talking to a Texan or someone from Arizona.
They literally, and when I say they, I don't just mean the populace, you're politicians,
you can go up to your state representatives and ask them about a firearm and they'll tell
you, I've never held one in my life, but I don't want them around here.
They literally will tell you this to their face without even as much as a smirk.
They literally believe that guns have no place in society up here.
So the important thing about this video is it's not an attack on police, it's something
to demonstrate a simple reality of life.
The police may protect you, the Supreme Court even says they don't have to protect you,
but they may protect you, but it's a physical reality that they cannot be everywhere at
all.
You have a right to protect yourself.
Well, you've got a few of them that are really goonie in there, though, and we need to point
out bad cops in the system trying to bring them in, but it's funny you say that.
My parents have had friends from college and stuff that they knew who were from New York
and stuff at their house before, and they've walked through a hallway and seen a shotgun
case and literally sort of hyperventilating saying I can't be in this house.
I have seen that, but when they see a cop with a gun, they feel good.
And so I think part of this is culture clash, is culture shock.
You're right, they think guns are like dragons or demons or the thing from the movie Alien
with Sigourney Weaver.
They believe that they are like 100-foot blood-drinking cobras and are scared to death of them in
the hands of citizens.
And here's the irony, and this is the most laughable part.
While you're right, the culture is not here, the same people that would hyperventilate
at the sight of a piece of iron or wood, they walk every day through the streets of New
York City brushing shoulders of people illegally carrying guns every day.
If you think that New Jersey, I'm sorry, that New York City and Chicago and Washington,
D.C. have the highest gun murder rates and you think that's an accident, I mean, I don't
know where your mind is.
There's a reason why it's so.
So it's not that they don't want to realize that the guns are there, but they are.
It's a reality.
The question is, do you want it to be by law-abiding citizens who have good intentions or do you
want to legislate it to a point where even the law-abiding citizens here just give up?
What is the answer?
I mean, what's winning is converting people.
If you can take someone out and get them to shoot, they are now Second Amendment forever.
Everyone knows that.
The system is panicking because gun ownership is growing despite the fake polls, record
sales.
Liberals, I all know, have been buying guns for 10 years.
Why do you think they're counter-striking against the Second Amendment so hard right
now?
I've stopped, honestly, I've stopped trying to rationalize it because I attend a lot of,
I live in New Jersey, and I attend a lot of these public forums.
There's currently 24 gun control bills that just passed out of our legislature in one
hearing.
And it's a shocking thing because when Chris Christie tries to work with these same legislators
on a tax cut or on curbing some union benefits or whatever it may be for their state initiatives,
they will block everything, they will clog up the arteries of that legislature so that
nothing happens.
But in one day, this is what they told the New Jersey voters, they pushed through 24
gun control bills, some of which are shocking if I were to tell you some of the details.
It gives someone in Texas a heart attack.
They pushed through 24 bills and then said, we're going to pass these bills and after
we vote on them, we're going to give you the opportunity to testify on them.
So that's the kind of mentality we have up here.
We're going to pass the rules, and then you guys can have a discussion about it even though
it's not going to affect anything in any way.
It's absolutely a culture war, it's a culture issue, specifically to the people that live
up here.
Well, you're right.
I mean, you guys have been doing some amazing things and obviously all the videos up on
your site, but when you're talking to these police and they're like, well, in today's
day and age, just hide in your house or get a dog.
I mean, did you guys say to them, well, why do you have a gun to protect yourself or do
you have a gun at home?
Oh, but they're the government, so it's okay.
I mean, did you ask those questions?
Well, here's the funny thing, because there's some things we didn't show in the video and
that's because of just for time purposes and content.
These officers, and again, this is no fault of their own.
This is just the reality that's put in front of them.
What we didn't show is that we've asked them multiple times, what do we do when X happens?
And they go, oh, you should call 911.
And then we said, okay, but what about if someone's breaking down my door and you know,
they're trying to rob me?
Oh, just call 911.
Well, I get that, you know, we're going to call 911, but in the time between, you know,
you get that, well, you got to call the police.
It took in some of these instances, speaking to these police officers five times to repeat
the same question before they understood even the concept that we were saying, look, we've
established that you're on your way.
How do I defend myself?
And that's when you get these inexplicable explanations, like throw some ammonia at him,
throw some bleach at him, get a-
Well, listen, let me just say something here.
People, you know, you see these houses that say we don't dial 911, you see these signs
outside houses and they don't get robbed.
If somebody's breaking in my house or somebody came to my office trying to mass shooting,
I'm not going to waste time calling 911 until I've killed them.
I'm going to get the gun, I'm going to go like a robot, and I'm going to instinctively
shoot another center of mass from as best a cover as I can get.
And it's just automatic.
So you know, my issue is almost calling 911 is a cop out.
I mean, if I see people mugging a woman out front my house or out front my office, I'm
going out there with a firearm.
I mean, I think that's the problem with 911 is that sure, you can call that for the police.
You know, if somebody's cows are out in the road and you can't get ahold of them, but
you don't.
I mean, you know, I saved a woman who was choking once at a La Madeline restaurant.
I came out of the bathroom, my wife and six month old son, and then she goes, that lady's
been choking about 30 seconds.
You want to do something?
And I'd been trained in the, you know, how much maneuver basic swim team class we took
with the fire department.
And I went over and say the lady, but at first they were trying to stop me.
She's turning blue.
She's, you know, about to pass out and she coughs out all this big piece of bread.
And they were going dial 911, dial 911.
It sounded like parrots in a tree just saying dial 911.
And then are you an expert?
Wait, don't, don't.
I mean, they didn't want me to save her because they couldn't imagine a fellow slave.
They have such low opinions of themselves that I, a fellow slave at 13, took a one day
course at the Rockwall fire department on how to do a Heimlich maneuver on adults and
children and basic first aid and resuscitation.
And then I was a hero after I saved her and then I got out of there because I figured
they'd probably sue me or something if I broke one of her ribs.
Go ahead.
This is, this is the mentality of the Northeast.
I can tell you one story that I was on another show once and the host had explained to me
in North Jersey, uh, someone was sleeping and it was, you know, middle of the night
and an intruder had broken through her window, had some sort of a billy club or some sort
of a crowbar, uh, got into the house and her dog woke up and bought and a bit this guy,
the guy ended up suing the homeowner and one in the state of New Jersey for whatever injury
he saw.
Yeah, I saw that.
This dog.
Yeah.
You know, I mean they've had robbers fall through skylights and sue people.
Absolutely.
In New Jersey, again, I keep mentioning New Jersey cause that's where I'm from and that's
where I'm most familiar with the laws.
The laws appear, favor criminals, they make our jails a revolving door and they hurt law
abiders.
And this video is a perfect example.
We go up and we contradict what our very own vice president is telling us.
We go up and said, you know, Joe Biden is saying, if there's a problem, all you need
to do is tell your wife to take a double barrel shotgun and fire two blasts out the door.
Well one, now you're out of ammo because you just emptied yourself, which is tactically
stupid.
But two, it's illegal.
And we said, let's go to NYPD.
Let's get their words out of their mouths when they don't know they're being recorded.
What are they going to tell us?
And the truth is in the video, these people will tell us explicitly, if you do that, we
will arrest you.
That's right.
Firing off target is, is reckless.
It's only legal to kill the person.
Exactly.
Exactly.
Oh yeah.
If I shoot at somebody, it's not going to be warning shots.
I mean, you know, if somebody's robbed my car, I'm going to say, get down on the ground.
And then I probably will let them run off.
So I don't want the trouble of a dead body.
Well, who knows?
I mean, if the person turns at me or acts aggressive, you're dead.
I mean, it's done.
I'll kill you in 10 seconds.
Okay.
We're going to come right back and talk more about this.
It's very important.
The gelding of America.
If you're listening, you know, your basic freedoms are being threatened every day.
If you're listening, you know, the economy is not getting better.
You know, gas and food prices are skyrocketing.
Now is the time to get prepared.
For years, we've told you about our friends at eFoods Direct.
They have the best tasting long-term storable food on the planet.
This food will taste just as great 25 years from now as it does tonight.
A long-term food supply allows you to freeze the cost and the availability of the one thing
you need most.
Be prepared and get your supply from eFoods Direct.
Right now is the best time to stock up and save hundreds of dollars with free shipping
on all food supplies.
Give yourself peace of mind and be prepared.
Act now and call 800-409-5633 or visit eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
Get free shipping on all orders for a limited time.
Call 800-409-5633 or go to eFoodsDirect.com slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
Hey there, my name is Frank Bates.
Do you know the number one most valuable item in a crisis?
Some people think the answer is gold, others think it's a gun, but the correct answer will
shock you.
I just created a free video at Crisis123.com that reveals a surprising item that is more
valuable than gold in a crisis.
Ninety-seven percent of Americans don't have this one critical item.
In fact, they haven't even given it a thought and the sad truth is that you may not survive
without it when a real crisis hits and a starving mob is right outside your door.
What I have to tell you could literally make the difference between life and death for
you and your family.
Watch my video at Crisis123.com to discover the number one most valuable item in a crisis.
You'll be shocked.
See the controversial video that thousands of other smart patriots have already seen
in the last three months.
Go watch my video now at Crisis123.com before they force me to shut it down.
Again, that's Crisis123.com.
Amino acids are the building blocks of proteins.
Amino acids have to be delivered to your body in the shape that nature gave them.
If they are to be used to create new proteins in your body, just like a bricklayer cannot
use bent or twisted bricks to build a brick wall, so too your body cannot use bent or
twisted amino acids to build new proteins.
Using your body in undamaged amino acid food can make a huge difference in your health.
One World Whey is an undamaged amino acid food unlike any other.
You see, heating bends and twists amino acids and all whey protein powders we've investigated
and most proteins you consume are heated.
With our True Cool process, you now have a choice with One World Whey.
My name is Daniel.
I'm 34 years old.
When I started using One World Whey, I weighed 228 pounds.
Now, after two and a half months, I weigh 182 pounds.
This is my ideal weight.
I've noticed an increase in stamina, rate of recovery from workouts, and an increase
in my potency.
Call 888-988-3325 or visit OneWorldWhey.com.
Well, that's James O'Keeffe on.
I'm Alex Jones, your host of the Veritas Project or theprojectveritas.org.
We've got Daniel Francisco, the executive director, on with us.
Wow, what do you make of New Jersey woman arrested for citing Constitution at tax meeting?
It's up on DrudgeReport.com.
It's at Infowars.com story.
And I went and looked at the arrest warrant, the gun confiscation, and they said she was
very frightening that they'd never been yelled at before.
So now yelling, that's probably, it was frightening that she said, no, you can't come in my house
for a home inspection to raise the property taxes, and she raised her voice.
And then they also claim it another thing, she said, don't come in my house, I've got
a gun.
Well, that's it.
They've taken her guns, and that's the end of it.
Like I said, Alex, this doesn't shock us anymore.
This is part and parcel for the Garden State.
Like I said, you speak to these legislators, to them, guns are foreign.
It's something that those rednecks have down south.
They don't understand any practical application for it whatsoever, to them, they're purely
killing machines.
So this doesn't shock me at all.
I mean, this is one of many stories that happen in New Jersey every day.
So they're victims to all the highest crime in the country, cuz they've taken the guns,
Chicago, New York, New Jersey areas.
And they just can't get why they're living under siege, because they've chopped their
testicles off.
I mean, I'm sorry to talk like that, but that's what we're talking about.
That's a colorful way to put it, it's absolutely correct.
Could it become a new Garden State law?
Like the pumpkin head state that perhaps, because men are bad, that everyone be castrated
at age five in New Jersey?
Perhaps a bill should be introduced in New Jersey.
I'll give you a case, I don't wanna bore you guys with the laws, but it bears repeating
because a lot of people don't see that this is where the gun battle is already gone when
down south people are talking about much more simpler terms.
There was a bill whose language stated that in New Jersey they wanted to push through
this measure.
I know it was changed since the last time it was in assembly, but it stated that the
police, when you applied for a gun permit, and in New Jersey, let me clarify, you have
to apply for a permit first to be able to even buy guns.
Then every subsequent handgun you wanna buy, you need to go through a separate background
check and reapply for that every single time you purchase.
And every single time you do that, it can take up to a year, depending on whatever the
period is.
What about a background check to even have manhood, I mean?
Exactly.
You can literally wait over a year in the state of New Jersey just to get your first
gun.
Well, you don't even get them most of the time.
I see them refuse them.
I mean, I know people who've been refused stuff for misdemeanors.
Well, at least then you could sort of make the statist argument that doubts because that
person is some form of a criminal.
We don't need to go that far, Alex.
You can have a perfectly clean record, and if the chief doesn't like your face, he just
doesn't sign off on it.
Oh, no, no, no, no, listen, it's worse than makes them arbitrary guns.
Did you see the guy in Florida who released some heart balloons, and he's been charged
and arrested with a felony, and they're saying for hurting the earth?
I didn't hear about that, but here's one instance in New Jersey that is infuriating.
They will say, one of these bills stated, the police officer, when you make application
for the permit, has to come in your home, they have to inspect the entire house top
to bottom to make sure that your home is fit for a firearm, and then they have to interview
everyone in your family to make sure you have the medical capacity to-
Yeah, by the way, that bill just got shot down because it was, quote, too extreme in
Washington state, and people thought it was a joke.
That's already happening in other states.
It's not a joke, but that's the important thing.
This isn't a dream.
This isn't, we're not conjuring up some sort of strange story.
This is the reality of what we deal with in New Jersey.
Yeah, what do you make of them saying there are no two billion bullets, there are no armored
vehicles, and we don't want your guns when they're on record saying they want a total
ban of civilian firearm ownership?
Of course, and like we said before, these same politicians making those calls, they
don't know anything about the guns.
We have a state senator here named Loretta Weinberg, this was her attitude, she told
me, I don't know anything about guns, but I don't want them in front of me, and when
we debated her on this in a forum, she actually said, you shouldn't be, this was a bill for
obligating a certain level of training for a certain type of firearm, this was her mentality,
her statist mentality.
You should be thanking me that I'm purporting this law because I will create a cottage industry
for your business.
You see their mentality?
It's that the state is there to create these, sort of this magic wand over the free market
to create businesses.
Tell you what, stay there, we're going into overdrive, the LA Times announces white men
are terrorists, literally, Infowars.com.
Thank you for listening to GCN, visit GCNlive.com today.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons, but how will these items
help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria,
viruses, moles, and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it
the number one choice of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to SupernaturalSilver.com.
Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
Coast to Coast, direct from Austin, you're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network.
Big Brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups.
You want answers?
Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Better watch what you talk about, bud.
Being pro-biller rights is an act of terror.
When you saw the SLPC and the LA Times and AP, they say if you talk about the two billion
bullets, you're part of a white supremacist cell.
In fact, just being white's an act of terror.
That's right, LA Times announces white men are the terrorists, and I say good.
And since I'm McGruff, the crime dog, I happen to be white, I got a white spot.
You know what?
I'm reporting to a local forced labor FEMA camp to show everybody that I can be trusted.
Help take a bite out of the Second Amendment and the rest of the Bill of Rights.
John Wayne and George Washington are trash.
Sovietism is good.
That's right, Mao Tse Tung's who I like.
Help take a bite out of liberty.
This message brought to you by DHS and Mr. Napolitano.
All right, folks, we had that little Homeland Security announcement, all part of the Fairness
Doctrine.
Going back in the four minutes of this little overdrive segment, we were gonna have James
O'Keefe on, but hey, I'm glad we got his associate on, he's even more wound up.
Daniel Francisco, executive director of Project Veritas, they're the guys that brought down
Acorn and everything else.
When you talk about effective, these guys are really something, well, sexy when it comes
to liberty.
I mean, they are awesome.
Like a 50 cal is a sexy thing.
I like good things and we salute you, Daniel.
In closing, in the four minutes, three minutes we've got left, other points you'd like to
add about what's coming up?
You've got some big things in the hopper, you can't tell us too much to alert the enemy,
but tell us.
No, but we can tease, we could always tease a little bit.
I can tell you for sure that the issue of Second Amendment rights, that is gonna continue
to be a focus in our work.
So you can rest assured there's gonna be some more videos along the same vein, but with
different targets.
We're gonna go to a more, let's say, popular culture angle of the gun control debate.
Another two of the biggest ones that we're gonna also continue going into the summer
is gonna be the healthcare bill and doubly so entitlements.
We're getting a lot of tips that we get from our supporters.
A lot of people, even in government, start to tip off Project Veritas, which I think
is a good testament to our legitimacy.
But people are starting to tell us, hey, in my state, there's this organization that's
wasting money doing this, there's this organization doing that, and we're starting to take that
together and go after the entitlement culture in this country and go after the new healthcare
bill and some of the things that are gonna be going along when that legislation comes
forth.
So, Second Amendment entitlements, healthcare, be on the lookout for that.
You can go to our website and see our past videos at projectveritas.com.
And as always, we're a completely non-profit organization, so any donations that your listeners
are willing to give up to us, we'll give you a fantastic product.
We'll show you things that the mainstream media will never, never touch.
You are definitely the Black Arrow.
Remember, that's the arrow they fire into Smog's soft patch in The End of the Hobbit?
I'm not a big Jared Tolcott fan.
I've never seen the movies, but that's from the Lord of the Rings series, right?
Yeah, I mean, I'm a fan of it just cuz it's art types.
It's a little cheesy, obviously, but as a book, it's good.
But no, I mean, the Black Arrow, it's very effective.
Like I said, the reason we exist is because there's a demand for what we do.
There's a vacuum in the market of media.
If people don't wanna go up and ask direct questions to the representatives, to their
law enforcement, to these non-profits in DC, to legislators and lobbyists, that vacuum
is gonna be met.
And right now, that's met with us.
So as long as people believe in our mission, we'll be there on the front lines.
Well said.
Well said.
We got about 30 seconds left.
Anything else you think that should be added here?
Do you think we're winning the fight with the Second Amendment or losing it, or is it
50-50 right now in the middle of the battle?
Like I said, I think this is a cultural and geographical war, so I think it depends on
where you are.
You have states signing legislation saying they're not gonna recognize any new federal
laws, which is a good thing.
But then you have states like New Jersey saying that they have to, you dig at a prescription
from a doctor before you get a gun.
So I think it's both ends of the, we're getting both sides of the argument here, it just depends
on where you are.
Hey, I love most of the people I meet from up north, but when I meet a lot of them, they
think we ride horses to work and we don't have buildings in Texas.
We got NASA.
I mean, I just don't, we've gotta inform people in the Northeast.
We've got, I mean, a lot of people from there, they'll come from Karenese, so they think
it's normal to move from North Korea to North Jersey.
God bless you, sir, Daniel Francisco, we'll talk to you again very, very soon.
Thanks a lot, Alex.
All right, false flag news coming up in retransmo right now.
