Big Brother, Mainstream Media, Government Cover-Ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Man, I tell you, this North Korea situation is off the charts. And I thought back to Lindsey
Williams, who two years ago on the show, well, really three years ago, he from his source,
I know who his source is, has been a Bilderberg attendee before, former head of one of the big
three oil companies. You can say what you want about Lindsey Williams, I think he's
a good guy, a little repetitive sometimes, but aren't we all?
But I know who his sources are, one of them's dead now, and it's just an interesting window
into things. Because this was before they even shifted one of the big fleets to the
Pacific. He was saying three years ago, wish I had the staff to dig all this up, but you
heard him, that Alex, do not worry about the destabilization in the Middle East, bad imitation.
But when they move into Asia and North Korea, that is the big one, he said. And maybe it's
not gonna happen now, but I'm telling you, it is wild what's going on.
Then about a year after he started saying that, they shifted the main fleets over to
the Pacific. And now it turns out the West has secretly met the United States back in
March, with the North Korean leadership. Dr. Steve Pechenik, who I think is back in the
US today, we need to get him to pop in to talk about this.
But Paul Watson has the article up at infowars.com today, who gave North Korea nukes in the first
place. And it gets into ABB and Donald Rumsfeld, obviously, being the ones that did that, the
US government and the CIA. But again, the US government has been taken over by the New
World Order.
So the New World Order, it's not like the US government's coming after our guns, the
captured collaborator US government, which isn't the US government anymore. I mean, I
keep trying to explain this, just cuz a hijacker conks the pilot on the head and puts on his
uniform and walks out and says, I am now the pilot, I am taking you to Iran.
I mean, everybody knows that's not really the pilot. But when you have one of these
soft coups, foreign corporate espionage, infiltrations, corporate takeover, I mean, that's really
what the New World Order is. It's a corporate takeover of the planet, of anti-free market
monopoly combines, who happened to have a belief system in eugenics and who want to
live forever.
Duh, who wouldn't, especially when you're worth billions of dollars, control trillions,
you've got everything. What are they obsessed with? Living longer and they don't like seeing
crowds of people. They just stain the dumbed down public who they've helped dumb down.
And I mean, always the public is simple minded on average compared to good, very smart people
and bad smart people. I mean, good smart people wanna build up the dumb people, wanna help
their brethren, bad smart people want to kill you.
And let me explain something to the public, you're begging for it. You're begging for
it. You're begging for it. You are begging for it. I go down to Barton Springs sometimes
and swim and the last month they haven't changed the big clock for swimmers. The time's wrong
and the hour's wrong and I keep telling them and they can't understand me what that means.
And I'm seeing signs of this everywhere. I call it mass zombieosis or people going into
a trance and it's intensifying. And let me tell you something, nothing against Californians
because some of the most awake people I know are in California because they're around a
bunch of zombies.
But I see videos and I've been out in California and you talk to the general public, they don't
even hardly know how to talk. And I predict, in fact, this is already happening, the language
has shrunk. In fact, Chris, print me something about language shrinking, amount of words
being used shrinking. There's a bunch of articles on that, that people will even stop talking
soon and then they'll stop going out and then they'll stop eating and then they're gonna
die.
It's like it's already happening in South Korea, the most connected country in the world.
People just watch TV or play video games. Every week you see it in the news till they
die. And this is the big secret. We're going to talk about it today.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security system,
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're sleeping
or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out SimpliSafe. It's a new
do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power, so even if the grid
goes down, you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed. Getsimplisafe.com. SimpliSafe is also ridiculously
easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes. So there's no need to let a stranger into
your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever
you go. You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week. Again, that's getsimplisafe.com. In the last two
years alone, the U.S. has seen huge losses to our food supply. In 2011, storms and floods
raged across the U.S., costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone. In 2012, we saw the largest
drought in the country in more than 50 years. You may think out of sight, out of mind. And
so you don't think you will be affected. The fact is you are. We all are. Food shortages
drive prices up for everyone. You might not be able to control mother nature, but you
can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply
with eFoods Direct. Be prepared before you need it with nutrient dense food you can store
for up to 25 years. You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you. Do what I've done
and get your own supply of the best durable foods out there from eFoods Direct. Call 800-409-5633
or visit them on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex and check out their spring
specials. Again, that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward
slash Alex. You can bet your life on eFoods Direct. If you want an American company with
American products made by Americans, here is the Cal-Bend Soap Company. Alex and his
staff have used these pure soap products for years. These all natural soaps are made from
the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth friendly and safe. See
them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog. Buy the 1 to 2 month sample
package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what you're using now or save big
with a 1 to 2 year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs. This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Big Brother, Mainstream Media, Government Cover-Ups. You want answers? Well, so does
he. It's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. Monday through Friday, from 11am until 8pm,
Central Standard Time, we are here live and we're not turning away. We're not watching
humanity go down the tubes, collapse under mind control into mass zombie state without
a fight, ladies and gentlemen. I stand for truth, justice and liberty worldwide. I stand
for the spirit of 1776 worldwide that trumps 1984 all day and all night. But you must first
become animated with the animating contest of liberty. You know what I love in life?
I love real people. I love people that aren't fake and I love people that are animated with
the spirit of liberty. And you talk to somebody who's animated, who has energy, who is bubbly.
You just want to be around them. They're amazing. And then you get around the general public
more and more act like lethargic sloths that have had electrochemical lobotomies.
And I mean, it's getting worse and worse and worse. And every generation talks about young
people. And we've got one of the most awake, focused, dynamic, amazing groups of young
people that I've ever seen in my life. Seeing my generation and looking at older generations
and experiencing several younger generations before me. We have some of the most awake,
dynamic young people ever, but that's a minority.
The majority of them love being sloths, love being pathetic, wear their ignorance like
a sheet of armor, and basically don't even know how to wipe their noses. And the New
World Order is not gonna just let you sit around and draw welfare and lay around all
day, okay? They're gonna get you on the government dole for a while, they're gonna give you government
jobs to run our lives.
And then once they've got everything fully collectivized, they're gonna shut everything
off incrementally. And they're gonna start giant wars and they're gonna release bio weapons
and say they're natural plagues. And the vaccines they give you are gonna further brain damage
you and engage in real electrochemical lobotomies with the nanotech anti-stress vaccines they're
coming out with.
That's what they're called, which some evidence, it's not just television and flicker rate
putting people into a trance state. I've talked to a lot of people I know that have taken
the, especially the H1N1, and they're different people. They're not just had their IQs lowered,
they aren't real anymore. And I've recognized this enemy operation for at least a decade
reading different MIT papers and things, but it's already happened.
And Bill Gates is coming out with food, clothing, chemtrail sprays, he's funding geoengineering
that has vaccines in it. It's on their website, they're putting hundreds of millions into
that. How to manipulate your gut flora without you knowing, I mean, they're very public about
programming us and it's an incredible war crime against humanity.
But their propaganda is in ABC, CBS, NBC, Fox, CNN, MSNBC, CNBC, the cover of Costco
Magazine, just Time Magazine, Newsweek, just everywhere I look. Bill Gates loves you, he's
an angel. So people say, what do you mean he's an angel? I mean, thank God for Bill
Gates.
Okay, go take his shots then. I mean, never mind that they had 60 something thousand kids
get paralyzed off his shots in India last year alone. And it's a minor footnote. We're
not calling it polio though, we call it a type of paralysis. Truth is they didn't get
rid of polio, neurological disorders and paralysis is at record highs.
They just don't hype it up. You see, there's the difference, you can have 200, 300,000
deaths from infections, it varies every year in hospitals. You can have 200 and something
thousand from drug overdoses in hospitals. You can have a couple hundred thousand from
doctor error every year. I mean, it's well over 800,000 people a year dying one way or
another from medical neglect or abuse or different variants of that malpractice.
And just going into these hospitals and facilities that just have the most powerful drug resistant,
radiation resistant, chemical resistant bugs you can imagine. I mean, insects that have
been pesticide within three or four generations almost always become somewhat immune or resistant
or completely resistant to poisons, or you can put poison right on them and they don't
die.
What do you think happens with bacteria and viruses? By the way, though, in that is the
key to our salvation, because I wanna explain something. Humans are the most dynamic, powerful,
intelligent, incredible, enlightened, beautiful, transcendent creatures this planet has. That's
why they tell you you're ugly, you're bad, you're no good all day, so you don't figure
that out.
So that you just imagine you're this ball of scum who embraces your weakness because
you were told you were weak. You see, that's even your own adaptation manipulating you.
The New World Order is not going to be able to shut all of us down. Their viral cocktails
aren't gonna work on all of us. And believe me, the subconscious drives the conscious
and the brain is connected through the spinal cord to the rest of your body.
And the mere fact that I'm talking about how you're under attack right now, even if you're
a jellyfish consciously, I am commanding jellyfish right now, spineless people. I am commanding
you. I am commanding you through your instincts, through your ancestors, through your common
sense. And of course, God is commanding you through your spirit to activate right now
and launch defenses.
And believe me, the defenses are launched. So the globalists have got a big problem on
their hands, okay? Because there is autopilot, ladies and gentlemen, they know about the
autopilot, they're trying to program it. That's not gonna work. That's not gonna work. You've
already failed. And by the way, most of the globalists have already figured that out.
I'm seeing major signs of the power structure of internal civil war and people trying to
reverse it and children of elite families understanding now, you're not gonna screw
up humanity and get out of this. The only way you're gonna be able to attain the true
gifts of the creator, which is all this technology, genetic engineering, all of it.
We are creators, little creators, little sea creators to the big sea creator. We're made
in the image and likeness of God, okay? I mean, take a look at what we can do. Just
got chills right there, just got chills right there. And when what we do sends out ripples,
you know, I shouldn't get mad that within three days of us breaking major news every
single day, Glenn Beck, Rush Limbaugh, you name it, Sean Hannity are covering it.
And more and more, they can't even spin it because their audiences demand the truth.
And plus, deep down, they don't wanna sell people out. Deep down, they have a survival
instinct for their families, their children, their wives, the people they love. You see,
that's why they wanna make you automatons and have, quote, zero tolerance and everything
where cops are robots, where teachers are robots, where you don't have any discretion.
Because they want you to be a robot. You see, that's where all this is going. That's why
they're trying to replace us with robots. I mean, I always feel like I should do more.
I always feel like I should work harder and stay up late and shoot videos when I'm exhausted
that aren't as effective as when I'm actually energized doing it. And it just really came
to me this morning, in one of the most azure blue skies I've ever seen with spring breaking,
with manifest beauty, to be on this planet staring out into the heavens, I mean, just
incredible.
That I have already succeeded and you have already succeeded, because the greatest victory
is not even getting personal attention. The greatest victory is not yourself being famous.
That's actually across the bear. But true real power to do good is when you can do something
and have everyone come think they're stealing it and take it and actually put it out to
everyone and to be able to change human destiny for good.
And to be involved being able to blow the whistle every single day on things that I
think are important and that my crew thinks is important, and then others who resonate
with it who think it is important. And it's like the fire of Prometheus. I revel in giving,
not from the Greek occultic perspective, but it's still a good analogy, the fire of liberty,
the fire of awakening, the fire of truth, the fire of building people up and seeing
them soar, that is such an amazing thing.
And it's why it's so alien to me that other people don't wanna build others up and see
them soar because they're threatened by it. That's why the only person in mainstream dominant
media who I've seen that doesn't try to dominate and shut down other people is Matt Drudge
of the Drudge Report, who has given Infowars the fire of Prometheus.
We had already given many the fire of Prometheus on a smaller level, and it set brush fires
across the planet. But Drudge and others have given us a greater fire. And so now, infowars.com,
prisonplanet.com, this syndicated show, even when it's not on drudgereport.com, as one
of our stories is today, it is now picked up by conservative circles, libertarian circles,
and is read word for word with no credit.
And I don't even really mind that when Limbaugh and Hannity do it. Savage gives us credit
now. When Beck does it, it's irritating only in that he's tried to hurt us and shut us
down and block us while streaming what we're doing. I mean, listen, this show is the Glenn
Beck show now. I mean, you understand I'm his teleprompter writer, but I'm writing directly
out of history and research and the force of liberty that flows through me. It's amazing.
All right, I'll get into the North Korea situation straight ahead.
Imagine waking one morning only to find your family shivering in the dark because you couldn't
afford to pay your electric bill. That's closer than you think. You probably haven't heard
about this yet because the liberal media has been suppressing what is fast becoming the
most shocking news story of 2012. Obama's secret war on coal that could increase your
already high power bill as much as 400% in coming months. As shocking as it sounds, it
may well be just a matter of time before the lights start going out across America. But
here's some good news. There's an underground video at exposed123.com that thousands of
smart patriots have used to end their slavery to the corrupt electricity monopoly. The video
at exposed123.com has already been banned by Google. And the liberal media is doing
everything in its power to take it down and keep America in the dark. So watch it now
at exposed123.com before it's too late. Again, that's exposed123.com.
For those who know the benefits of silver, for those who know the healing history of
silver, and for those who want to be prepared, now there's silver gauze, a nylon elastic
wrap with silver bonded to each individual fiber. Silver gauze is a long lasting washable
and reusable must have for any emergency kit. Get yours today at silver gauze.com. Spelled
silver g a u c e.com. Silver gauze is what your emergency kit is missing. Hi, this is
Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered why banks, stockbrokers, investment advisors won't talk
about gold IRAs? They've been available since 1986. Yet the financial industry won't recognize
the value of gold for your retirement. Gold is outperform paper investments, yet no word
about IRAs. If you would like to have gold for your retirement, call 800-686-2237. Don't
get left behind by rising inflation and low returns, call 800-686-2237. Secure your future
and call 1-800-686-2237. Is this the year you finally get serious about your family's
drinking water? If so, keep listening for a special offer from Big Berkey Water Filters.
Did you know that over 60% of municipal water is fluoridated? Berkey Water Filters distinguish
themselves from many other filtration systems with the capability to significantly reduce
dangerous chlorine, fluoride, arsenic, and disinfection byproducts from municipal water
via the black Berkey and PF line of filters. Then there's affordability. At only 1.7 cents
per gallon, Berkey Water Filters purify treated and untreated water, even stagnant pond water.
Stop and think how much money you could save by simply reducing buying bottled water and
using water filtered by your Berkey Water Filter. No need to be constantly replacing
expensive filters with a Berkey. A single set of filters can last for 5-10 years. Choose
the best size Berkey for your needs at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com. And right now, all GCN listeners get 5% off
all ceramic filter systems. Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY. That's 877-99-BER-KEY. Or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
Free shipping on every order over $50. Big Berkey Water Filters, for the love of clean
water. You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms. But if you don't have a home
security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out
Simply Safe. It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to GetSimplySafe.com. Simply Safe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power,
so even if the grid goes down, you are protected. It's completely customizable, so you can
use it in your home, business, boat, trailer, storage unit, or shed. GetSimplySafe.com.
Simply Safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's
no need to let a stranger into your home. If you move or need to relocate, you can take
the system with you wherever you go. You aren't always at home, but Simply Safe will stand
guard, protecting your property 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com.
Welcome to your life. There's no turning back. This is it. We've already dropped. We're already
in the pike. This is it. That's right. Even while we sleep. We sleep, they live. Alex
Jones here back live. Thanks for tuning in today. Be sure and spread the word about the
local AM and FM stations you're listening to and support their local sponsors. We are
fighting an uphill battle, but we have the people on our side, and so the agenda of liberty
is moving forward faster than ever. All right, coming up, I'm going to get into the police
state news, the economic news, the incredible Second Amendment news, where they are trying
to ram through anti-gun legislation without anyone being able to read the bill. Of course,
they're saying Harry Reid promised to let us have amendments, but he lied. It's like
saying Satan promised not to lie to me, but he did.
People go, I can't believe Biden doesn't understand why we want guns to protect ourselves from
criminals and the government. Biden says he doesn't understand why we want guns. Why doesn't
he understand? Of course, Biden understands. He owns a bunch of guns on record, has bodyguards.
He's a gangster. He's got a criminal instinct, an animating contest of evil. He doesn't like
you, he wants to dominate you. From the dark side, big time, big time, big time, big time
enemy, big time bad, big time eat your lunch, big time usurp everything you've got.
But it's virtuous to roll over to tyranny. No, it's not. I mean, look at this right here.
Paul Watson did the article today. You need to make this go viral. It's up on Infowars.com.
Bill Clinton, the UN, and Donald Rumsfeld. If anybody's like the devil and appears in
a poof of smoke, I would imagine it'd be Donald Rumsfeld. I mean, that guy commences, that
guy emcees over like all the key evil. He's just as important as Henry Kissinger as a
Bigna Brzezinski. I mean, that guy's been around since right after L.L. Lemnitzer got
kicked out by Kennedy. He came in right after that. Mr. Falls flag.
Who gave North Korea the nukes in the first place? US government, CIA, on record. Just
like in a few years when Al-Qaeda is attacking us. And so they're doing proctology exams on
you and your family on the highway, not just the airport. It'll because of Al-Qaeda and
other groups. You'll be like, you know, our government put Al-Qaeda in charge of all these
countries. Shut up, conspiracy theorists. Now remember, everybody knows that now,
but by then it won't be politically correct to admit that. But the whole article goes over the
admission. Now they have revealed in a leaked intelligence report, which means they did it on
purpose, that North Korea states that it has nuclear war is unavoidable as it declares first
target will be Japan. So they're saying that the intelligence report says that yes, indeed,
ladies and gentlemen, they do have nuclear weapons and can hit Japan and South Korea. Okay, so that
is what has now come out and China has been massing troops for weeks on the border there,
ladies and gentlemen. So that's the facts. And North Korea is now saying that they will hit
Japan first. And they're saying nuclear war is unavoidable. If somebody says I'm gonna come over
to your house and shoot you, it's unavoidable and I'm coming over to shoot you. I have every right
to have you arrested and if you come to my house to kill you in self-defense. But notice that's
not happening. And notice the Pentagon has been secretly meeting with North Korea.
In the last month, this guy was raised in Switzerland. And remember,
the Global Crime Syndicate manipulates the communist Chinese, put them in power in 49,
moved all our industry there. They manipulate the EU, they manipulate our Pentagon, they run our
country. And so understand, they clearly, more and more I realize, and I'm gonna get Pachinik on
about this to get his take, are actually running this whole thing. It doesn't mean they control
them. It means that they have made some deal behind the scenes. I believe we give them oil
and a bunch of other food and stuff if they do this. So bower break, carry on the scene.
Congressman, they have nukes. Carry contradicts intel report. Pentagon deploys sea radar.
We're gonna be breaking all this down. We've got excellent coverage at infoawars.com.
Also excellent coverage over at drudgereport.com. But why is this happening now? I'm gonna get into
this and then into the globalist master plan. And a lot more. We're on the march.
The Empire's on the run. Alex Jones and the GCN radio network.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial law
have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies. As a result,
millions are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons. But how will these items help if you or one of
your loved ones becomes ill? Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical
emergency. Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against
bacteria, viruses, moles, and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care. Taken internally or
used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens. Supernatural Silver has over
500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it the number one choice of preppers
across the country. To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared,
go to supernaturalsilver.com. Use the promo code prepared for 20% off your entire order
and like us on Facebook. A little over a year ago, I began to do a lot of research into why,
even if I had a pretty good-sized meal, that I was still starving. And my research led me to a
well-known fact that most of the soils that we grow our crops on here in the United States and
across the industrialized world are almost completely depleted of almost all of the key
minerals and trace elements that our bodies need to rebuild themselves, fight off cancer,
and be healthy. I then searched out the best vitamin and mineral company out there and
discovered Younggeviti. The Younggeviti products are designed to give you the real nutrition you
need and once you've got that, you don't have to eat as much to be satisfied. I've lost 37 pounds
in two months simply getting the vitamins and minerals I need. Check it out for yourself,
it's incredible. Go to infowarseteam.com today and order your first canister of beyond tangy
tangerine complete multivitamin mineral complex dietary supplement. That's infowarseteam.com.
Introducing Pro One. All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go. No more do you
have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride. You have a system that cuts out the
sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid. Advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride
and other heavy metals all in one filter element. It is the only one that does it and out of the
gates we have it discounted at 10% off with promo code water. This is the only system that in one
unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines, ammonia, and chlorine.
Hydrofluorosolic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter
brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate. Get your Pro Pure with the new Pro One filters today at
infowarseteam.com or by calling 888-253-3139. There is a signal broadcast every second of every
day through our television sets. Even when the set is turned off, look around the environment
we live in. Carbon dioxide, fluorocarbons, and methane have increased since 1958. Earth
is being acclimatized. They are turning our atmosphere into their atmosphere. We are like
a natural resource to them. To keep the planet, move on to another. They want benign indifference.
They want us drugging. We could be pets. We could be food. But all we really are is livestock.
Our impulses are being redirected. We are living in an artificially induced state of consciousness
that resembles sleep. We now take you live to the Central Texas Command Center
and the heart of the resistance.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm Alex Jones, your host. It is Friday. I'll be back this Sunday live,
4 to 6 PM Central Standard Time. Ben Swann, the very popular Fox News reporter from a
Fox affiliate here in the US, has left his job and you're gonna discover why in the next hour.
Very popular online. A listener of this radio show took the reports, took the ideas, did his own
ideas and really had an effect. And he's leaving there. I know behind the scenes, well, I'm gonna
let him tell the story. Okay, cuz I know a few months ago I wanted to have him on and
they told him you're not allowed to go on that show.
Which is funny, they're putting ads on those videos online that we're getting seen millions
of times in some cases. But you don't like local Fox affiliate being on Infowars.com?
You don't like being on DrudgeReport.com? You don't like a million people coming to
your website when your other videos had like a thousand people coming to them?
No, you don't like somebody exposing the private Federal Reserve or the New World Order.
I went through the same stuff. On Access TV, they tried to kick me off. And then they tried
to kick me off local radio. I was like, well, I have ratings, I'm bringing in money. And they're
like, well, you know what? You're gonna shut up or you're fired. And I was like, I thought as long
as I was successful and we're not getting sued, and I can prove what I'm saying, I'm allowed to
be on the air. They said no New World Order, Federal Reserve, or Bill Clinton. In fact,
you do that, maybe we'll give you a raise. Now come out to a company party with us.
I went to the company party, but I didn't shut up.
So they said you're fired and you'll never be on the air. I was already on the air, out of my house,
on a little Patriot network, jacked into a satellite on more than ten stations.
And those delusional people couldn't believe it. You see, that's why I hate monopolies. And I hate
the folks that engineer the system and think they're gonna control things. They don't control
things. The White House doesn't control the narrative anymore. And they bemoan that. They
attack the alternative media. Chief among it, the Drudge Report. Because we can show you videos of
where they say, yeah, once we register, we're gonna confiscate the guns. And what did the White
House say? We hate it when our people speak out of turn and let out the plan. So that's why no one
in the media is allowed to talk to any of our people in government. That's why the President
doesn't really have press conferences anymore. And it's why we don't talk anymore. It's because
of Drudge. The enemy can't even effectively have their propagandist out there talking.
Because when one of the mayors against gun violence, as they call it, Mayor Bloomberg's
anti-American seditious group, gets up in Austin. He says, we're gonna register now and take the
guns next. That video goes viral and they're in trouble. Because you guys love to brag,
we're here and we're going to show it. And listen, they can't even talk anymore.
They can't get us all. I want other people to duplicate what we've done.
I want other people to start their own local radio shows and then put them on the Internet.
And then do what we've done nationally, internationally, locally.
And then once you become successful locally, I suggest you do it locally first. Because that's
where there's a real audience for fighting corruption. Cuz see, we're covering national,
international. And there's almost a glut of that now at certain levels.
You need to cover what's happening locally, then that will become national. I'm consulting for you
out there, America. What did the head of the Veritas project a few days ago, O'Keefe, say?
He said, he's writing a book coming out. We're gonna sell it about how to do what he's done
as a real citizen journalist that brings down federal operations.
Acorn was getting something like 6 to 10 billion a year. He blew that operation into 1,000
political pieces. Low tech for a couple thousand dollars. Folks, I literally pioneered what they
do by necessity, reinventing old fashioned muck raking with the Internet. I'm giving you solutions.
The next issue of the magazine is gonna be about solutions and basic ways to fight these tyrants.
If you'll just go to globalist meetings that are public, anti-gun, land-grabbing stuff,
they'll sit around. If you just sit there and act like you're them going, yeah, we're criminals,
we're gonna steal everything. I mean, that's who they are. You can walk into one of these
so-called liberal offices and go, hey, let's kidnap kids. And they'll be like, yeah,
let's murder them too. I mean, it's like the Acorn stuff where, yeah, I'm bringing in little
kidnapped girls to sell them as sex slaves. Great, yeah, we love that. That's a wonderful thing.
You know, I'm telling you, these people are so evil. See, most people who figured out the
general public are zombies and don't even know what's going on. Most people figure that out and
go, well, I'm gonna rob them. I'm gonna steal from them. And once they get a corrupt police
force in charge, you can't touch anybody within the city corruption or the corporate corruption.
Because, well, that'll bring down the whole system. They're like made men. Those of us
that stand down to corruption make all these low-level criminals like made men.
And why would you be made in the Italian mafia? Because if you went after that person,
a whole organization would come after you. It's like Scientology, where people are scared to go
after them because they'll come after you. Even if they went after the federal government, the FBI,
CIA, they went after them, broke into their offices, reportedly did dirty tricks.
People are scared of Scientology. And it's something L Ron Hubbard set up as a joke for
tax exemption just because they had what Tony Montana calls huevos. And I don't break them
from nobody. Well, what if good people didn't back down? What if good people got aggressive?
And I'm not talking about breaking into the FBI, but just said, come and take it. But more than
come and take it, we go out and we take over. We get aggressive. Those two guys in Austin that
went to that anti-gun rally, they came over and a woman slapped one of them in the back.
Another guy poked him in the leg, got cussed at him. They stood their ground.
The police tried to act like the Patriots had done something wrong led by
Ace Aveda, who's gonna be in here next Friday, he says, we'll see.
And just because they did that, just because
they went out there and held up signs saying no gun man. The enemy said, you bet, you'll need that
sign soon cuz after we register, after we do what we're doing now, we're gonna make that sign a
reality. So you keep that sign, you're gonna need it. And the guy smiled, a little Hispanic
version of Dr. Evil. I guess the Hispanic mini-me sits there and points at him and says,
I'm gonna get your guns. What an outrageous King George III statement. I mean, what a just Santa
Anna, I'm gonna get your guns. Just outrageous like, I'm gonna get them. Mr. And Mrs. America,
turn them all in. If you don't engage the enemy, you don't show their strength,
you don't show their fire, the cattle won't even know there's a war going on.
Engaging the enemy, showing up, getting on the field, you may not be a great fencer the
first time you go fencing. You may not be a great wrestler the first time you go and wrestle. You
may not be a good boxer the first time you go boxing. But I'll assure you, you get in the arena,
you're gonna get better and better and better and better. And folks, I'm just telling you,
I'm in the arena. And I may be stumbling around and bleeding and falling over some of the things
and it may even be a spectacle, but you know what, I'm in the arena. I'm in the arena all the way,
get in the arena. This is a fight with authoritarians and all their slime,
they make me sick. You had a neighbor you'd caught stealing potted plants out of your backyard.
You came over to their house and said, Bill, that looks like my potted plant right there.
In fact, that's a planter we've been talking about for a long time. And you know what,
in fact, that's a planter we bought in Mexico. I doubt you cuz he's, that's mine. No, I've had
that for years. No, that looks like a plant we bought five years ago in Mexico. I mean,
that's a pretty small town. I think that's an original little deal. I bought it from a shop
while they were there making them by hand. No, it's not, no, it's not. Well, I'd appreciate you
saying that to me that I stole that. You would loathe that person because they were such a
despicable liar. And you'd say, okay, you go ahead and you keep that. Of course, all you do
is when you finally move out, a few years later you just go over and take the potted plant back.
That's actually a true story. I guess the only thing, I said I stole beer out of golf carts.
I guess I have stolen my own stuff back before. Anyways, getting back to what I'm saying here,
ladies and gentlemen, is that there are people who just want to steal for no reason. My dad,
he's telling me when I was a kid, there's people who'd rather steal a quarter from you than make
$100. And I go, why, dad? And he goes, cuz they're losers, cuz that's the way they are.
They think they win by stealing something from you. I've seen people I've worked with,
built up, put on the radar so many times just to do the Oedipus complex and make stuff up about
me and attack me and go after me or take my faults and exaggerate them. Because they imagine
that that's how they build themselves up. That's how you become a big man.
No, you build a community and you work with people and you get a name that's trusted.
And then everyone who's a winner wants to work with you. When you attack people and lie about
them, then only losers want to work with you. And my God, that's a bad fraternity to be in.
And it's the same thing with government and bureaucracy. I mean, Homeland Security is
saying gun owners, veterans are the number one terror threat. And that wasn't enough.
They doubled down, they quadrupled down, they infiniti-ed down and said, gun owners,
veterans, you're not just the ultimate terrorist. No, it's all Catholics and all evangelicals and
put them next to Al-Qaeda and the army is taught that.
And then that freaked everybody out when that, because I reported this a decade ago.
Now it's in Fox News, so now it's safe for the state police in Colorado to go,
yeah, we're in meetings saying we need to confiscate guns from the Christians and will we do
it? This is kind of creepy, kind of creepy. I mean, you're in a room with enemy foreign operatives
who've taken over. I mean, it's like aliens landing or something, or Nazis taking over France.
You're in a room, I mean, right there, that's the bad guy, obviously. And by the way, we're
taking a survey that just came out yesterday. Will you confiscate guns from Christians?
Will you see them as a problem during a gun confiscation? And the state police,
this is your moment, folks, when the devil takes off the nice guy's suit and it's the devil in a
red pajamas with a forked tail going, hi, I'm the devil, hello. And you're gonna work for me,
aren't you? Everybody's sitting there going, this is pretty crazy.
I mean, it wasn't enough to badmouth George Washington. It wasn't bad enough to badmouth
Thomas Jefferson. It wasn't bad enough to say returning veterans will attack every police
department in America with IEDs. Remember that five years ago? And I'm like, here's this secret
document. I was sent by a federal marshal. They're teaching him that every department will be
attacked. Let me check this document. I've confirmed it's real. The feds were hopping
mad when I called them that I had it and quite threatening. Police, are you being trained that
veterans will attack your department, will, with IEDs in the near future? Open the phones up,
every cop calls in. Yeah, they trained us on that last year. We thought it was crazy.
That's why cops listen to the show are just immediately listeners,
cuz they hear it. They go, yeah, I was told that. How's he know that?
Ladies and gentlemen, there isn't long to turn this around, okay?
If you give in to these bullies, it's over. And they are completely out of control. I
said I'd get to all these reports. I said I'd get to the true nature of the New World Order.
And I don't do this on purpose. Guys, you've gotta make me do it at the start of the third hour.
And because I wanna talk about their master plan, where they're going,
what they're going to do, what's going to happen, how they've dumbed people down.
Because that's the key, that's the heart, that's the central area to all of this
is that we are entering a period in society. We are entering a period
in our culture where everything is going to accelerate downhill. And the establishment
has done the actuaries. They believe they've got a big enough group of people that are so dumbed
down. I mean, I saw Mark Dice video. We're gonna play it coming up in the next segment
where he goes out and says, will you confiscate? Are you for people being arrested if they own
guns? Are you for banning guns? And the people, most of them, sign the petition to do it.
And so I'm gonna go out and see if Austinites are that dumbed down. And then he went on and said,
did you hear about the US nuking China, blowing up their two biggest cities last week?
And people are like, no, I didn't hear about it and I don't care. I mean, that is how dangerously
selfish and disconnected and lazy the public's gotten. But globalist, just because you have
dumbed down the general public, just because you've been so successful in turning them into zombies
and even lowering their brainwaves and reducing the amount of words they use. I've got all the
studies I'm gonna cover in the third hour on this front. Just because you've been able to do that,
doesn't mean there aren't 70 million guns sold in just the last couple of years.
Over 150 million gun owners, I see statistics like 35 million gun owners. I saw that in the
New York Times last week, what a lie. It's a minority, it's 35 million gun owners. Ladies
and gentlemen, there are estimated 400 million guns of new manufacture since the 1930s. That's
considered modern error. I mean, pull up these numbers, it varies. Some are 400, 500 million,
but let's just be conservative. Okay, 400 million guns sold in the New York Times last week,
400 million guns. And most people when they get a phone survey, do you own a gun?
They say, none of your business or no, because they don't trust the system. They know it's bad,
they know it's crooked. Our numbers are much greater, so also understand that. So I wanna
tell the power structure something which you're fully aware of. Just because you think you can get
a bunch of sheep to vote to take our guns and vote to take our bank accounts and vote to take
our private property because they think they're gonna get a piece of it. A, will collapse the
society faster than you even think and B, there will be what you call collateral damage.
There will be a civil war the likes of which you've never seen. And I know you believe you're
gonna have it and control it and this will be your decisive war and you've billed Obama as
Lincoln too, but this is not going to work the way you think it is.
And what we need to do is change the way in which people think about guns, especially young people.
One thing that I think is clear with young people and with adults as well is that we just have to
be repetitive about this. It's not enough to simply have a catchy ad on a Monday and then
only do it every Monday. We need to do this every day of the week and just really brainwash people
into thinking about guns in a vastly different way. I mean, is it a free society to turn on
sitcoms, dramas, news, and all they do is demonize the family, fathers, guns, liberty?
This is an authoritarian group. This is a scientific takeover.
But you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply
with E Foods Direct. Be prepared before you need it with nutrient dense food you can store for up
to 25 years. You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you. Do what I've done and get your
own supply of the best durable foods out there from E Foods Direct. Call 800-409-5633 or visit
them on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex and check out their spring specials. Again,
that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex. You can
bet your life on E Foods Direct. Chicago is a virtual battlefield. More than 500 shooting
deaths in 2012 have made Chicago the murder capital of America. Proof that gun control
doesn't work. Disarming law-abiding citizens ensures that only criminals have guns and
Rahm Emanuel and the Chicago machine want to keep it that way. If we can't stop them in Chicago,
we may lose the whole battle, but there's hope. On April 9th, we have a chance to
send billionaire Mike Bloomberg, Rahm Emanuel and his Chicago machine a crystal clear message
that we have a natural right to defend ourselves, our homes and our families and that they need to
keep their hands off our guns. Illinois Republican Paul McKinley is sending that message in a
bitterly fought special election to replace disgraced ex-rep Jesse Jackson Jr. Every vote,
every voice in support of Paul McKinley is a stand against the gun grabbing Chicago machine.
Will you stand up and defend your gun rights? Call 800-979-1555. 800-979-1555. That's 800-979-1555.
800-979-1555. Paid for by Tea Party Leadership Fund fact not authorized by any candidate or
candidate's committee, the teapartyleadershipfund.com. Gardeners, here comes another growing
season, but don't use last year's soil. Maximize yields in your survival garden with EM1 from
Tereganics. EM1 is an organic soil conditioner, fertilizer amendment and compost accelerant
that provides a broad spectrum of beneficial microorganisms, enzymes, trace minerals, vitamins
and various organic acids. EM1 helps regulate the soil's pH level and its soil microbes,
improving moisture retention and drought tolerance. Remember last year's dry conditions?
EM1 from Tereganics is safe, chemical free and certified for use on all organic farms.
It improves plant quality, size, color, flavor and gives up to 20 percent more nutrient value
in fruits and vegetables and greatly increases shelf life. And EM1 is so simple to use,
just mix with water and apply. This year, prepare your crisis garden for maximum yields with EM1
from Tereganics.com. Order now at T-E-R-A-G-A-N-I-X.com or call toll free 866-369-3678.
That's 866-369-3678. Tereganics, life's getting better.
Well, the liberty loving star of the local Fox News channel that became like a national Fox
channel because of his research. He's going to be joining us, telling us why he's really leaving
and where he's going to be going. Ben Swann coming up. I'm going to get to North Korea
here again in a moment. I want to tell you about efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex.
If you go there, you can find all of their weekly and monthly specials
that they are currently running. You can also click on the links at infowars.com and that will
take you to the specials. But there at efoodsdirect.com forward slash Alex, you will find
twenty five percent off the Liberty and Freedom one year food supply special.
We also drop ship out of our shopping cart for the same prices. You want to get it at infowars
store dot com stores up to twenty five years. Quick and easy to fix meals. Be prepared for
any emergency. Very portable, best tasting, durable foods out there. And they're patriots
that also support Liberty and freeze rising food costs by buying and storing now efoodsdirect.com
forward slash Alex or eight hundred four oh nine five six three three. Ask about all the Alex Jones
specials. Eight hundred four oh nine five six three three. And I did a lot of research. That's
where I've been getting my storeable foods for about six, seven years. And you'd be crazy if
you don't have them. Also, infowars health dot com has some specials running right now.
You can always sign up for auto ship and get free shipping. That's a big discount
at infowars health dot com. And don't forget, shopping and supporting patriots and liberty
lovers and those that get the truth out is funding the revolution against the globalist
revolution of tyranny. So infowars store dot com for all the books, videos, T-shirts, all of it.
Subscribe to the monthly magazine. Give it as a gift subscription, shopping with the patriots,
shopping with the good guys, shopping local, supporting our local AM and FM affiliates,
becoming sponsors. You can also give infowars team dot com a call. The great crew here,
eight eight eight seven eight nine nine two seven seven eight eight eight seven eight nine nine two
seven seven. Or again, ladies and gentlemen, infowars health dot com or infowars team dot
com. If you want to work with us and be a distributor of the best health products out
there, bar none, infowars health dot com, infowars team dot com. And don't forget,
propure water filters discounted the best stainless steel gravity fed filters, the lowest
price with a promo code water at infowars store dot com as well. Okay, getting back into North
Korea and we got Pacenik. He finally got back from the DMZ. He's got now he could speak more.
He was kind of off record. He was being cased and saying stuff like I've already put my life
on the line in combat eight times and, you know, another spy operation. So if something happens to
me, that's fine. I'm willing for something to happen to me. So he's probably listening
right now. I'm not making fun of his voice, doing an imitation. Do imitation me too if you want.
But he's gonna be popping in for about 15 minutes at the end of the third hour today
because he was saying it's a false flag. It's a false flag. It's a false flag. I can't say more
than that. I've talked to special forces down to Florence. I can't say much more than that.
There's three CIA when I was just getting breakfast, sitting around me at the restaurant.
I got to watch it, Alex. They're listening right now, Alex. They're breaking into my email, Alex.
So when he comes on, he's really a famous black ops guy. Camp David's founding Delta Force
writes Tom Clancy books. I mean, he's a very interesting character.
And he's gonna be popping in because here's Paul Watson's article. Look at this. Lawmakers
drop bombshell. North Korea may have nuclear missiles. Well, no, the intelligence report
doesn't say that. It says they've got A-bombs, everybody knows that, but they can only hit Japan
and South Korea. That's a public assessment by the British, everybody else. I've been saying it for
months because I do my research. I'm not bragging. They've got atomic weapons. Let me say it again.
They've got atomic weapons. The private groups, when they do tests in Japan, private universities
are able to pick up, even though they're underground tests, it comes out the tunnels,
they're able to pick up the isotopes of an atomic bomb. The fingerprint, the signature,
the biometric reading, if you want to call it that, even though they've got the spectrometers.
Here it is. And now North Korea says nuclear war is unavoidable. I mean, this is incredible.
They work for the globalist. This is GCN, the Genesis Communications Radio Network.
Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers. The prognosis for the entire planetary
economic system runs from bad to worse. The globalist model is to shut down societies and
starve patriots out until they acquiesce to the global takeover. That's why we've assembled the
most vital and important preparedness items at infowarsshop.com. These are items that I did
research on that I personally use. You've got the LifeStraw so you can turn fetid water into
safe water anywhere you go. The Ktor Handcrank Generator to charge up key equipment during power
outages or out in the field. Strategic Relocation, third edition by Joel Skousen. When disaster
strikes by Matthew Stein. TheraSafe used by Homeland Security to protect yourself during
any radiological event. Handcrank shortwave AM-FM radios. Everything that we've researched and found
to be the best is available at infowarshop.com and your purchase makes our info war possible.
We're getting prepared. Are you? Infowarsshop.com.
Waging war on corruption. Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Big Brother. Mainstream media. Government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
Ladies and gentlemen, there are two devastatingly important articles up at infowars.com right now.
Treason alert. Dems trying to move gun bill forward without allowing senators to read it.
Obamacare repeat. Senators not allowed to rebuild prior to cloture. This is all treason,
ladies and gentlemen. If you don't know Robert's rules, parliamentary procedure,
the laws in this country as well. They're just, some of the Federal Reserve was passed by three
senators the night before Christmas. Went all through the house. Not a creature was stirring,
not even a mouse. Three of them passed the Federal Reserve Act. Notice they got rid of
our senators in 1913, 17th Amendment. Before that, the state legislature that you elected,
think how powerful legislatures were. They voted then to create more separation of powers,
more emergency checks and balances, more ties on the government. They, your legislature,
your state rep, would vote for the senator. And so they were a creature of the state.
The states haven't existed. They say it's a civil war. The states after Reconstruction
was so abusive actually came back. But that 17th Amendment, I mean, that's put a fork in it.
But it's not like a person you can just kill. Liberty like phoenixes can rise.
If you realize, look, a contract that's fraudulent is null and void. All this stuff has been done
through fraud. It's a fraud. And any courts that say this, any of that are frauds and are relying.
And so that's the bottom line. And that's what Marbury versus Madison says. I mean,
I've studied common law. I've studied law. I've studied history. I've studied it all.
But law comes out of the organic common sense. I mean, the Bill of Rights, the Constitution,
Declaration of Independence, only points out what is self-evident. Self-evident truths.
We hold these truths to be self-evident. Self-evident that all men are created equal,
endowed by their creator, with certain unalienable rights.
Inalienable rights, life, liberty, life and liberty. You got your life, you got your liberty.
Not everybody's as smart as the other person. Everybody's just good looking.
We all have different gifts. All of you have gifts.
Even people that are handicapped, even mentally, they are giving the gift of a burden to someone
to grow. Everything's a gift. If God allows me to live another 50 years, that's a gift I certainly
ask for and the one I want. But if God allows the enemy to strike me down, that is a gift.
Because it's going to be done for a greater cause. And that's why I'm at total peace.
Total peace with my creator, not at peace with the New World Order. Because I just watching them run
over our people, watching them hurt the innocent, watching them just persecute and persecute and
persecute and trample the innocent and trample the honest and trample the virtuous and engage
in fraud and lies and abuse and inventing new evil makes me want to throw up.
The Republican leadership likes to act like the Democrats trick them. 16 Republicans voted
to take your guns because they are bought and paid for by foreign banks and big corporations.
Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan, all these guys give money to the globalists.
To the globalist minions, the globalist operatives. And they're there financing this. So that's why
this happens. The same thing's done in every country. They've got a blueprint,
they've got a program, they've got sociologists and anthropologists and psychologists and
pitchmen and psych warfare experts and advertising execs that all get together
in roundtables, a lot of these are public, and talk about, you know, what's going on in the world.
How to con you, how to hammer you, how to take you over, because that's what they built is fraud.
You understand, they steal the world. That way they get the woman, they get the power.
You understand that? But it's worse than that. They want to tie you down because they know you're
better than them. So they spike your water with poison to retard you so they can rule
a world without you. And you know what? They're not going to kill you. They're going to kill
you. A world in which if you want an American company with American products made by Americans,
here is the cow Ben soap company. Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for
years. These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that
are earth friendly and safe. See them on the web at five star soap.com or call 800-340-7091 for
a free catalog. Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good
as what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soap for all your cleaning
needs. This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way
real soap makes you feel. See them on the web at five star soap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free
catalog. You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms. But if you don't have a home security
system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection. When you're
sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders? Check out Simply Safe. It's a new
do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless. Go to GetSimplySafe.com.
Simply Safe is independent and off the grid. It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes
down, you're protected. It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home,
business, boat, trailer, storage unit or shed. GetSimplySafe.com. Simply Safe is also ridiculously
easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but Simply Safe will stand guard, protecting your property 24 hours a
day, seven days a week. Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com. In the last two years alone,
the U.S. has seen huge losses to our food supply. In 2011, storms and floods raged across the U.S.,
costing us $20 billion in lost crops alone. In 2012, we saw the largest drought in the country
in more than 50 years. You may think out of sight, out of mind, and so you don't think you will be
affected. The fact is, you are. We all are. Food shortages drive prices up for everyone.
You might not be able to control mother nature, but you can control your food prices
by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply with eFoods Direct. Be
prepared before you need it with nutrient-dense food you can store for up to 25 years.
You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you. Do what I've done and get your own supply
of the best durable foods out there from eFoods Direct. Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the
web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex and check out their spring specials. Again,
that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
Big Brother. Mainstream media. Government cover-ups. You want answers? Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
All right, my friends, we're now into our number two. Dr. Steve Pacinek is going to pop in at the
bottom of the next hour. He just got back from South Korea on the DMZ, former head of the
Pentagon Operations and Psych Warfare, one of the founders of Delta Force with General Boykin.
By the way, I got General Boykin's number and he wants to come on. Remind me to call him today.
I was supposed to call him like a month ago. That should be interesting to get his take on all this.
So much going on. Lawmaker drops bombshell. North Korea may have nuclear missiles. That's not what
the report says. It says they have atomic bombs that they can deliver to Japan and South Korea.
That's been declassified for a long time. This newest intelligence report they're saying is
classified, but a watered down, unclassified briefing was given to the Congressman.
The Intelligence Committee can get the highest level security stuff unless the executive tries
to deny it, and that itself is unconstitutional. But now it's got out of hand because Congress
has advocated their responsibility, handed it over, which is another
seditious, treasonous activity. Those aren't just words I use, that's what's happening.
But if you read the report, they have atomic weapons, they've done tests before,
they've picked up the isotopes that they've had successful detonations. It's real, they know,
it's a fingerprint. They can vaporize South Korea's major city, Seoul, of how many millions
of people? It's more than 20 million. They can vaporize Tokyo. How many is Tokyo?
Is Tokyo one of the biggest cities in the world? And why is our government, yeah,
the largest city in the world, why are we putting up? Because I'm not a warmonger.
I never call for that, you know that. But when you've got North Korea run by a third generation
dictator psycho saying, I have missiles, I'm going to attack, I'm gonna blow up your cities.
And now they've come out today in official release and are saying our first target is Japan.
Our first target is Japan. And they're saying, quote, nuclear war is unavoidable. That's in the
Associated Press. North Korea says Tokyo is target number one. I mean, that's like somebody coming
to your house with a gun and saying, I'm outside, I'm gonna shoot you in the head.
But people are like, why isn't our government hitting them? Why is no one hitting them?
And I'll tell you why, ladies and gentlemen. And again, as usual, truth is stranger than fiction.
If you go up to infowars.com, you can read this article linked to mainstream news.
I've been covering this since I was on the air in 1996 when this started.
Donald Rumsfeld, the head of ABB along with Clinton authorizing it and the UN,
it was a scandal at the time, signed off on transferring multiple nuclear reactors that
allow them to create A-bombs when they could have been given types that you cannot create
fissile material, purified, enriched uranium for the atomic weapons. And sure, this is 1945
technology, but you saw what it did to Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Will Japan already hit twice,
have to take another hit? I guess to get them out of their depression.
Here's the deal, ladies and gentlemen, who gave North Korea nukes in the first place?
Then we're going to our guest, the US government and the CIA. We're gonna cover this next hour
and get into the globalist master plan. And by the way, that's not my opinion.
That's AP Reuters, London Guardian, BBC, 15 years ago. This was big news from 96 to 2,000.
And who met secretly with Kim Jong-un last month, the Pentagon in North Korea. The Chinese
are massing troops saying, don't you do this, North Korea. It's globalist above China, above
America, playing us all off against each other. But who's putting Al-Qaeda in Libya and Syria
publicly? Pentagon, NATO, then saying we gotta take your rights cuz of Al-Qaeda.
They got 10,000 heat-seeking missiles. Who gave them the 10,000 heat-seeking missiles?
Our government put them in Libya and let them have it, got rid of the ambassador.
They were at that house getting the missiles at that warehouse facility.
I mean, man, being informed is incredible. The general public can't even tell
what time it is anymore, find their rumps with both hands. And we're sitting here just watching
crazy land. And what did the former CEO, I wanna say, it's a Lindsey Williams source.
I know the guy, well, one of the doctors here on this network, Dr. Stan Monteith,
actually years ago wanted to check it, so called the sources, and he confirmed it.
Bonham's dead now, the head of Atlantic Richfield died, if we can say his name,
Ken Fromm. But remember three years ago, Lindsey Williams said it's gonna start in North Korea,
it's not the Middle East. When our fleet moves over there, get ready, and the fleet moved a
year ago over there. All right, enough of that, that's all coming up. We're gonna play this clip
after Mr. Swan leaves us. Trees on alert, Dems try to move gun bill forward without allowing
senators to read it, red linked on infowars.com and prisonplanet.com. Former Black Panther,
government preparing invasion against the American people. Father sickened by
anti-constitutional note from son's school. Yeah, they're making the kids do anti-gun,
anti-liberty stuff. DHS to meet with congressmen on ammo purchases.
Soda ban highlights the hidden hazards, proposed gun control restrictions.
Harry Reid's 100 clip magazine faux pas. Who gave North Korea nukes in the first place?
Nuclear bombshell North Korea has news capable of striking neighboring nations in Pentagon.
That's just some of the news up on infowars.com. And there's a Facebook report where they now
take control of your phone and control it. That's a good idea with a guy that
pump and dumped his people that bought his stock and who calls you dumb efforts if you trust him.
Hey, dumb efforts, you idiots morons trusting me. We're like, we'll give you all our data.
I mean, it's just, they just think you're so stupid. All right, ladies and gentlemen,
I'm a big fan of him. And he's what I say the best local TV reporter in the country,
became a big star on the Internet with millions of views to his videos,
Drudge Report linking to it, drudgereport.com, infowars.com.
And I remember about a month or two ago, I wanted to get him on. He said, well,
I'm not allowed to do interviews anymore and I'll be talking to you shortly. And I thought,
well, that might mean he's gonna be leaving. And sure enough, he's put out a video,
we'll play a clip of it later, but why not just go right to him?
He's won both a Edward R. Murrow Award, so that's about as good as it gets,
and two Lone Star Emmy Awards. He's hailing from Texas, we're proud of that.
He has specialized in covering the 2012 GOP presidential primaries, the Ron Paul newsletter
controversy in Mexico's drug wars on the Texas border. He's a graduate of Brigham Young University
with a master's in humanities at California State University before moving to Cincinnati
and working for reality check. Swan spent 11 years of broadcast career in El Paso,
Texas in KTSM-TV, it goes on from there. And he looks like a cross between James Dean
and Audie Murphy. And I tell you, get your butt back down here to Texas and maybe come to work
for Infowars. But no, I know you're probably gonna go independent, got a lot of offers.
We're very excited to have you on with us, Ben. But first off, before we get into that,
what do you think of the crazy North Korea stuff?
Listen, I think you're making some really good points about it. It's very strange when you have
all the rhetoric, just consider all the rhetoric that our government has put out regarding
Iran and the potential of nuclear weapons in Iran and the possibility that Iran could get their
hands on one. The fact that we had an Iraq war over the idea that Saddam Hussein might be looking
for enriched uranium. And yet you have, for a fact, nuclear weapons in North Korea and everybody
saying, don't worry about those guys, they're not gonna do anything, he's blowing smoke.
It's a very strange kind of discussion back and forth between when you compare, again,
the talking points and the rhetoric on one side and then with North Korea,
it's a totally different situation.
You're right, I've talked to a lot of experts, they've never seen the rhetoric this hot. I mean,
North Korea is saying, we will nuke you, we're loading missiles, we're gonna kill you,
we're gonna blow up Tokyo. I mean, right there, they should have already been a hit.
And I mean, China better just stand back, but it's not happening. And then
our government allowed the transfer of the reactors over a decade ago. I mean, this is crazy.
Well, and you have to keep in mind too that what does North Korea really have to lose here?
I mean, at this point, because of economic sanctions against them,
we know that the people in North Korea are starving. Economic sanctions, as you know,
don't really do anything to harm a country's dictator. It just harms the people within
that country and it makes people desperate. So why wouldn't North Korea now take some kind of
monumental step and use a nuclear weapon? What would actually prevent them from doing that?
And when people say things like, this won't happen because consider the Cold War and the
Cold War, the Soviets, they didn't wanna get blown up, they didn't wanna get killed.
Folks in the West, they didn't wanna get killed and so there was this standoff between them.
It's not really the same situation when you consider where North Korea is.
They don't really have a whole lot to lose at this point.
You're absolutely right. We're gonna break in a few minutes. I wanna come back and talk about
why you're leaving or what you can tell us about where you're at. I know you're a nice guy,
but it's pretty obvious that you were getting a little big for people out there that don't
want liberty promoted. But I'm guessing there, we'll find out more. But what else,
after we talk about that, do you wanna get into?
There's so much happening. What's your take on all the dishonesty from the Democrats about,
oh, we just wanna register your guns. We don't wanna confiscate them when we all know they
really wanna take them. Yeah, and that's gonna be a huge issue. This whole issue of Second Amendment
and the Second Amendment rights is something we've really been talking a lot about as of late.
And by the way, I haven't been on your show since you were on Piers Morgan's program.
We were supposed to talk shortly after that and wasn't able to. And it was one of the best five
minutes in television I've ever seen. But when you look at the Second Amendment of what's happening
right now around the country, it's truly remarkable. Because the rhetoric is such that
folks in Washington are saying, we're not gonna take your guns. We're not interested in your guns.
Listen, if they're being honest, then they should say, forget about all the so-called
assault weapons that are out there. And again, I think you brought up this point,
what is an assault weapon? Every weapon's an assault weapon. But we don't want the assault
weapons. If they really meant that, they leave the assault weapons alone and they go and take
away handguns. Because statistically, that's where the majority of gun crimes are committed.
But they're not being honest because they're clearly moving through a process of disarmament
and it's taking place slowly. You've pointed it out many, many times.
They want the guns that can fight back against the tyrannical government, bottom line.
But you made the point, and we had actually made this point a couple of weeks prior too,
and I was really glad that you used that moment on Piers Morgan's program to say this to the nation.
But the bottom line is, when we talk about the Second Amendment, the Second Amendment
is not about having rifles to hunt with. It's not, it's about matching equal force
to government force and to military force. That's what it's there for. You know it, I know it,
people across this nation know it. It's a check and a balance, absolutely. Ben
Swan is our guest. We're gonna give you his Facebook, Twitter, all his websites and everything.
And I can't wait to see what he ends up doing. He's told me a little bit behind the scenes,
but we'll see how much he can tell us on air straight ahead.
herbicides and pesticides.
Order the Berkey Light System today, complete with two Black Berkey Elements for only $231,
and the Berkey Guy will ship your order free of charge. With the purchase of a Berkey Light,
the Berkey Guy is also offering a set of fluoride and arsenic filters for only $39.99.
That's over 30% off the retail price. Call the Berkey Guy at 1-877-886-3653.
That's one eight seven seven eight eight six three six five three or order online at go berkey.com
That's go berkey.com today. Hello. This is Ty Bolinger author of the best-selling book cancer step outside the box
I want you to know some very important information in
1985 president Ronald Reagan requested that carnivora be sent directly to the White House
At a time when only the president could obtain this world-class healer now
Twenty seven years later carnivore capsules are used around the world to keep people healthy
Now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in this age of superbugs with 17
Naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal cells only without harming a single normal cell if you want to stay healthy
Now's your chance to literally wake up your critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders that don't belong in your body
Call one eight six six Venus fly or order from carnivora.com. That's C a r n i v o r a.com
That's one eight six six eight three six eight seven three five one eight six six Venus fly or visit
Carnivora.com protect your immune system
It's the only one you've got in the last two years alone the u.s.
Has seen huge losses to our food supply in 2011 storms and floods raged across the u.s.
Costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone in 2012 we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years
You may think out of sight out of mind and so you don't think you will be affected the fact is you are we all
Are food shortages drive prices up for everyone you might not be able to control mother nature
But you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply with e foods direct be prepared before you
Need it with nutrient-dense food you can store for up to 25 years you can hope for the best
But hope won't feed you do what I've done and get your own supply of the best durable foods out there for me foods direct
Call eight hundred four. Oh nine five six three three or visit them on the web at e foods direct comm
Forge slash Alex and check out their spring specials again that number is eight hundred or oh nine five six three three or on the web
Any foods direct calm forward slash Alex you can bet your life on e foods direct
hemp USA org has a revolutionary wonder food for detoxing the body and
Rebuilding the immune system micro plant powder can help unclog arteries and soften heart valves while removing heavy metals
Virus fungus bacteria and parasites plus it cleans and purifies the blood lungs stomach and colon keep your body clean with
Microplant powder order today at eight eight eight nine one zero four three six seven or visit hemp USA org
Hi, this is Ted Anderson. Have you ever wondered why banks stock workers investment advisors won't talk about gold IRAs?
They've been available since
1986 yet the financial industry won't recognize the value of gold for your retirement gold is outperform paper investments yet
No word about IRAs if you would like to have gold for your retirement call eight hundred six eight six two two three seven
Don't get left behind by rising inflation and low returns call eight hundred six eight six two two three seven secure your future and call
one eight hundred six eight six two two three seven
Coming up I'm gonna play some clips
From the Senate where they lied and said you'll be able to put riders on here
you'll be able to put amendments on here to change it, you know, we promise just give us the vote we want and
Now they're not letting them do that and they're not even letting them see the bill
Of course, that's what they always do the Senators all know this
Republicans need an excuse to take your guns and go the Democrats fooled us
They're bought and paid for that's coming up the next segment with Ben swan and a bunch of other news
Really an amazing newsman. I won the Edward R. Murrow award. He was very very young
I guess he's been a newsman for 15 years now or so and he's getting ready to leave
the station that he's currently
at
Up in Cincinnati, Ohio show. Why are you leaving?
Where are you going or what? Are you planning right now? Because I know you're in some deep discussions with other folks right now
What's the plan Ben? You know the plan right now is what we're really looking for is the strongest platform possible
When we started doing reality check about two years ago
Really had no idea how big it was going to get hadn't intended for it to become anything other than just a local news segment
But we were given freedom with it and then what a rare thing that is immediate today
Given the freedom to talk about issues that we thought were important issues and issues that are affecting people all over the country
And so when we're talking about things like the political race in 2012
the stripping of credentials of delegates of
Delegates being disenfranchised the Ron Paul blackout all of a sudden
You know we start blowing up across the internet
And I come to find out there are millions of people in this country tens of millions who have this Liberty view
That I thought was really just my own personal view and I wasn't trying to force on anyone
Just trying to get people to look at things from a different perspective
And certainly as a journalist you know you're not trying to impose your view on people
But trying to get them to see things just from the paradigm
But the power structure knows Liberty is popular
That's why they never want to give give it a chance to get its roots going and that's why they always try to suppress people
So bottom line did you get told to back off?
You know it wasn't so much about being told to back off
So much as the station has you know they're moving in a certain direction, and they're all you just said not so much
They're moving in another direction, but that's how they do it. We don't like this direction
Let us nudge you be be honest be honest. They told you knock it off. It really wasn't it really was
These guys really want
Cincinnati centric and we want bigger issues and so kind of my view of where it was headed was different
It's not they were always very supportive of what we were doing and so I want to want to make that clear
But it really was an issue of me saying look we're coming to an end of a contract and now it's time to decide
What to do and I think the best thing to do is rather than trying to stay this path in Cincinnati is to say what?
Else is out there. What's the bigger platform because I believe this Alex
I believe the majority of Americans who don't know what the Liberty movement is or the Liberty message is
If you articulate it to them, they'll say yeah
That's me and so what we're trying to do is just open up people's minds and say listen
Maybe you are of this mindset. You just don't know it yet. I like sure man
I mean America is asleep right now by and large big sections have been woken up your own big alarm clock going off
And I saw in the news you were highly rated probably one of their most popular shows
and I think there's some professional jealousy one thing I've noticed is especially when you're in you know a a just a local area you'd
Think the best horse in the race would be popular the truth is
There's a lot of professional jealousy that goes on and I'm not trying to get you to throw your colleagues under the bus
But I mean come on all they really care about is ratings you were delivering ratings
So I think that's a bunch of bull that oh just do local stuff
Yeah, I can't I can't argue with you about that cuz our ratings were fantastic and moving up like crazy
So we were doing extremely well, and I hope they continue to do well, but again
I think it's just it's an issue now a platform and where's the next best thing in fact one of it
We're gonna take a minute
I think you have a video there, and I don't know if you guys plan to play any of that
But one of the things I'm trying to do is get input from people
Who have supported me over this time to give me input on what the next step is and so we actually created a survey
I started a new website
It's been swan.com folks can go there and take a survey, and I know there are people who are concerned about data mining
We're not data mining you we're not trying to get your information
So you want to get their feedback on what direction they want to see you go. That's smart smart move
Yeah, that's what we want
We want to know what people think and whether or not they're willing to continue to support listen
You are a guy who is pioneered in many ways independent media in this country
I mean you've you've done things that nobody else had done before you and you've really blazed the trail
What we want to do is find out if there's support for kind of the direction
We want to go in and really one of the things we're focused on is how do we kind of translate?
Streaming sites because they're popping up everywhere
How do we translate that to make that kind of the the forefront of the Liberty movement battle for media?
Absolutely we're gonna come back and play a little bit of that video
And then I'm gonna get into the gun issue with you, but I mean you were telling me off air
You're looking at going totally independent even though you've got offers
Right we have offers and we're talking to some different folks
And we may do a kind of a combination where we work some with some some bigger media
But also have the freedom to go independent
Yeah, well I mean I knew about this you know a week or so ago that this was happening and hadn't really called you
But I told you during the break
Absolutely, I mean you're a Texan as well. I would I'm not afraid of popular people. I'm not afraid of good-looking people
I'm not afraid of people being bigger than Alex Jones this platform is to take on the globalist
This platform is to defeat the New World Order
So I mean I'll tell you I'm too busy to chase you around
But you want to come work with us come down and check out the operation
We're on the march the Empire's on the run
Alex Jones and the GCN radio network I
Had tried everything I'd cut back the amount of food I was eating I was lifting weights and jogging
But nothing was working my body was literally
Starving for minerals and trace elements as well as key vitamins and as soon as I had that I immediately
Could eat half of what I was eating previously and be satisfied now
There are hundreds of great products at info worst team calm, but I want to point out the three that have helped me lose
37 pounds in just two months
products like beyond tangy tangerine
Holland burst and rebound when I started taking the tangy tangerine and other products every day
I lost more than 37 pounds in just two months now. That's results. I want to challenge my listeners to go to info
Wars team calm and to order just three of their products
And you will see the changes in the way you look feel and in your appetite almost immediately
Start your journey to health and wellness today info wars team calm
Introducing pro wine all of your filtration in one system portable on the go no more
Do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride you have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to?
95% of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
Aquametics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element
It is the only one that does it and out of the gates
We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides
herbicides chloramines
ammonia and chlorine
Hydrofluorosolic acid the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexa
Fluorosilicate get your pro pure with a new pro 1 filter today at info war store comm or by calling 888
2533 139
Devastating events like earthquakes tornadoes floods hurricanes or the threat of martial law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for
Emergencies as a result millions are stockpiling food gold and weapons
But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency
Supernatural silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria
Viruses moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care taken internally or used topically
It can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens
Supernatural silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life making it the number one choice of preppers across the country
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared go to
Supernatural silver comm use the promo code prepared for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook
Big brother mainstream media government cover-ups you want answers. Well, so does he
It's Alex Jones
On the GCN radio network
We got Ben Swann's video we're gonna play some up here in just a moment or you can watch it at benswan.com
We're gonna link it up at infoawars.com and prison planet.com as well speaking of alternative real media
The establishment media has already lost all credibility because it's it's it's owned and controlled by big
offshore and foreign banks who steal 85 billion dollars a month and the mainstream media makes about a trillion dollars a year in North America a
Trillion dollars, but it's paid and made to be profitable, but it doesn't have the audience
It's like a tithe by the big mega corporations to keep people brainwashed dumb down. They're like, how do we make them stand down? Well have Kesha
You know teach 14 year olds how to commit suicide make it cool wonder why the little girls are committing suicide
Gee, it's this video teacher somehow. I mean just the most savage screwed up stuff. They can weaponize at you
but the general public
More and more is tuning out of it
So MSNBC top show million viewers CNN top show half a million viewers. Ladies and gentlemen, there are over 1 million listeners
That's a conservative number an hour
I mean a million people are tuned in right now 3 million over 3 hours 15 million one way or another that's very conservative
In one week, it's more like 20 million now, but I just I'll say 15
Took my brain automatically lowers numbers. The point is is that it's the opposite. I catch a 10-pound fish. I think it's 7 pounds
It's 15 million. How are they going to deal with that?
How are they gonna the the answer is they want to bring an internet to that shuts down the old web as you know it
Internet ID internet taxes. I mean, they're calling it extremism to criticize the government
Oh
You're I mean that's not gonna work
Saying we're all terrorists because the people that know how to tie their shoelaces that go to work every day
That are informed know that America has been taken over
Now you may have all the dumbed-down TV heads out there that are getting dumber by the day. Those people don't count. I
Mean that's like telling my dogs to clean the house or cook dinner. I
Mean, they're not even really people. You know, the globalist call the general public animals. It's really true the general public
It's not just the programming and the bad food and the toxins in the water and the dumbing down people once they get a liberty
Want to be lazy. I'm going back to our guest here. My point is spread the word about info wars calm
spread the word about prison planet calm because we are a
Launchpad a fulcrum. That's all I do is try to get other media people on other folks and promote what they're doing
Because I understand that I'm not trying to be king daddy here
And I don't say this to talk about myself
It's a philosophy for you as well because I know it's the real philosophy that'll free us. I'm trying to raise everybody up
I need more people more x-wings going in against the Death Star instead of 20 x-wings. We need a thousand ladies and gentlemen
We might be able to do with 20 x-wings, but the point is a thousand x-wings. We're taking this thing down
You've got to decide you're getting in the x-wing
You got to decide you're gonna win after the enemy and to do that
You've got to support and speak out and promote people that tell the truth and buy from us because we're self-funded
It takes me up to six seven million dollars a year to fund this operation selling books t-shirts sponsors
You name it and we're very picky what we promote. We have the seed center. Now. We're gonna add every great seed
We're testing and and working with people on non-hybrid non-gmo like the survival seed vault
We have the best deal on this at the info war seed center at info wars
Store calm and everything we promote is win-win-win
Plant a spring a summer a fall garden
Eat that food can it give it to friends and family get outside
Don't watch as much television kids are outside half as much as they were 20 years ago. I'm gonna cover that next hour
They are killing our society get back to the earth get outside go exercise
That's how you defeat the new world order turn off the iPad turn off the iPhone
Get away from the mainstream television and support local AM and FM stations that carry this show
The high quality water filters the storeable foods the books the videos
It's a war and you buy your war bonds at info war store comm or by calling eight eight eight two five three three one three
Nine now Ben. We've got this video Ben swan. He's leaving his hit TV show in Fox and Cincinnati
That's become a national sensation. I know we carry all the stuff at info wars calm and and and Ben
I'm ranting here about supporting the alternative media talk a little bit about that what you see happening in the media
Replacing the mainstream media and then talk about the video. We're about to play well
I think you're making some really good points there because the bottom line is that you're watching this the steady erosion of viewership and listenership
To typical mainstream media and yet the average person is still very much
Under the impression that this is all there is out there the internet as you pointed out you have all these internet
you know protection bills for intellectual property like SOPA and PIPA and CISPA and
International treaties like ACTA and those those bills are really not designed as you know
To do anything to actually protect intellectual property. They're designed to control information on the internet so that it creates less competition
And what we're really seeing now is that there is a phenomenon happening that mainstream media never could have seen coming even 20 years ago
And and through the internet through streaming services and on all these different platforms that are now available
I mean information is flowing to people in ways that like never before and people are turning away from
Traditional media even entertainment media simply because they want to be able to pick and choose
And so if you're an American under the age of 40 many of them don't even have cable anymore
You have a Netflix and you have Hulu and you're going straight to those sources for even for entertainment
So what we're seeing is there's an opportunity now to say listen
there's never been a time like this where you have opportunity and you have technology that have kind of come together at this moment a
growing Liberty movement that does not have a voice in mainstream media and it's growing like crazy and we
You know, we didn't really choose to be here. This has kind of been thrust upon us
But we want to do something with it
We want to be responsible with the opportunity that we have and do something that's going to change the way people view things here
In America, you're right
and again
There's a window because he even seen it has to admit and Google that all these bills and all these treaties are
Meant to quote bring in Chinese style net censorship Russian style censorship taxes internet IDs
It's extrajudicial where they just ban you from the web and three strikes true
authoritarianism
With the Pentagon running it. I mean it's nightmare
so now is the time folks to appreciate things like drudge report calm or Ben swan calm or
Info wars calm or prison planet TV like we're on Roku. We're on boxy
There's hundreds of thousands of people a week. Just watching us on that now hundreds of thousands a week
Just watching us on the news the radios millions using the old media format
but but but see talk radio is the only old media that's still doing okay compared to the other dinosaur media because
Because it's outside the old box of censored teleprompter control. It's real open freeform
So that's why talk radio is something the system also wants to censor. So it's kind of that
That wild card go ahead
Remember it was in the late 80s though talk radio was all but gone
And it was when talk radio kind of was reinvented
It was the new advent of talk radio with creating conservative voices and Liberty voices that suddenly began to emerge
That talk radio made a comeback and has remained as you said very strong over the past number of years
But it was almost gone as a media simply because it had become really irrelevant to the national conversation
And it became relevant again, and that's what's happened with mainstream media is is despite their best efforts
They're just they're just irrelevant to where most people are they spend way too much time talking about things like Lindsay Lohan and not
talking about issues as you said about internet control or
Taxation or second and general person in your rights your drone strikes on American citizens
They won't talk about those issues and therefore made themselves irrelevant
Well, you're right a few years ago. I was given the talkers trailblazer award
You know like their first place award
I forget the exact name of it was on the cover of their magazine
And that's the big insider publication for talk radio, and I got there and spoke to like the other main executives of talk radio
And all I said to him was your children have no future if we don't meet the new world order
I'm not gonna get up here and tell you how I've been so successful
How have I been successful using every venue I could to warn people about attacks on our Liberty because I take it personal and sure
Okay, well you already know the answer passion focus research telling the truth not caring what people think about me being real
Okay, that's what will make you successful and talk radio you guys already all knew that there
I am in a room full of the top executives
You know only a couple hundred of them, and and and I said you already know the answer now
I'm gonna tell you the rest of the answer if you don't get on the ball and
Stand against the new world order. They're gonna take everything
They're not gonna just take our guns and then not take your bank account of your pension
They're not just gonna. You know take our liberties. You know when it comes to travel and not make you take inoculations
Okay, I said bottom line
Bottom line you better understand. What's happening go ahead Ben. No you're absolutely right
I mean at the end of the day media you have to remember that this fourth estate. That is the press
Obviously at the time of the founding, but is now media in America really has a responsibility
We have a job and our job is to hold power in check
And media gave that roll up a long time ago because they really became controlled by those powers
And so they've become an entertainment function or in some cases a propaganda function
Of political parties and powers that be and so you have this situation today
where there's almost as you're talking about this new advent of
Of the fourth estate where but it's because of the internet because information is able to be passed the mainstream media
Created a vacuum by becoming total repeater mouthpieces to the point of the White House saying we're not gonna even have press conferences anymore
We'll just give you a press release because we've got our own system. I mean the mainstream media is making itself obsolete
Well, they absolutely are but I'm sure you saw that I believe it was vice president Biden telling CNN or snow wasn't excuse me
It was a he thanked MSNBC, but a senator who thanked CNN for helping them to push this gun bill through the Senate
And thanking them for spending I guess two days of covering this and trying to really make this case on behalf of the White House
When instead it should be CNN that's standing up to the White House and saying, you know
Why is it the Senators aren't reading bills?
I know we're gonna get into this in a minute
But you know how do you have someone like Senator Mike Lee who's standing up and saying that not one single?
Senator has read the amendment that was issued by Joe Manchin and Pat to me
Now one single senator had bothered to read it. How are you all passing laws in this country that you haven't read?
We're gonna play that in a moment. They're not even letting him see it now that videos up on info Wars calm
But I mean take amber lion. She's won all these Emmys
She she's going all the world of war zones and then she can't go
To these different Middle Eastern countries where the West is in charge running death squads
Shooting men women and children and then she learns. Well, you didn't know
They've bought out your TV show
It's now funded by the you know
Government of Qatar or the government of and and she found out they that it turned out CNN and CNN International
Isn't just advertisers the shows aren't just owned by the US government
They're owned by foreign governments and now the communist Chinese say you can't release
Red Dawn, you know remake crit with us in it. And and by the way, you you've got a re-edit World War Z
You can't show outbreaks in China when it's about it outbreaks everywhere. So it's not just the globalist now
It's even foreign countries. We're wide open
I mean America is like a giant whorehouse and they've already sold us out
Like we've got a you know, go into a bedroom with a new world order and I got news for you
You know, you're not selling me out. Okay, go ahead. No, you're you're absolutely right
I and that's the issue that I think people have awakened to that. They're not interested in it anymore
I think anyone who's awake at all was saying this and we understand that that none of this is
Legitimate that what media is telling us
They're just propaganda wings of either political parties or governments
when you have Secretary of State at the time Hillary Clinton talking about the fact that that the
CCTV out of China and that Al Jazeera TV and that Russia Today RT were
Really as she was describing them like effective
Propaganda tools on behalf of their governments saying our media here isn't effective enough as a propaganda tool
And so we need to actually be investing in state media in the United States and you're thinking I thought they were pretty effective
I mean, I thought CNN was pretty good at putting out this message on their behalf
But apparently not good enough in her mind
But what I think they're really saying is that that we can't have the alternative voice to it
And that's why right now is a time like no other and I know you know this Alex
but it's a time like no other in American history where information is here and the
Technology is here to get messages out to the masses
But the only way that happens is that people get behind it and support it and make it happen
Just like folks have supported you for it for a long long time. Absolutely what we're saying here to the listeners
I know most of our listeners get this but there's people that kind of passively listen by the millions
You either get active or become slaves and and we've got a chance to win this
Because the globalists know because a large portion of the public are like zombies that that allows them to take over
But it's almost an attribute that so many are zombies because there's a ton of Liberty lovers more than there are globalists
We can take back over as well and build a new media to actually free the zombies
And I mean the general public is becoming zombie like we're gonna go to break and come back and play your video piece
But first since you mentioned it here is the video of Senator Mike Lee saying nobody
Has read the bill treason alert Dems try to move gun bill forward without allowing senators to read it
Obamacare repeat senators not allowed to read the bill prior to cloture here. It is shells do not address
You see mr. President
These are the rights that we're trying to protect by requiring a 60-vote threshold on any new gun control legislation
And in so doing we're trying to prevent the ability of members to push through legislation
legislation before anyone has had time to read and evaluate the language and
Then tell the American people what that language means for them what that language would mean for their rights
Unfortunately, that is exactly what we are faced with today
Yesterday senators to me and Manchin announced a proposal a new proposal. That's widely expected
to replace the current language on the background checks in this bill and
Yet as of this morning as of this very moment
Not a single senator has been provided the legislative text of that very provision
Because the background check measure is the centerpiece of this legislation
It's critical that we all know what's in the bill before we vote on it
Ben I mean more importantly than even talking about reading the bills. That's obviously central
The they're disingenuous the Democrats are all on record saying they want to register to confiscate. It's not like that's a secret
That's right. Well, and it's it's the Dems are very clear on what they're doing
But the Republicans are to listen Mike Lee
Rand Paul Ted Cruz all three senators had originally said that they were going to do what they were going to
filibuster this issue the same way they did with the
Nomination of John Brennan in order to bring this information to the American public that 13-hour filibuster by the way on drones
We did a piece on this. There was a 50-point swing in
American opinion on the right of the president to kill US citizens overseas with drones
Who were suspected of terrorism a 50-point swing within two weeks after that filibuster?
And so they were threatening to do the same thing again here and it was Republicans 16 Republicans who actually
Prevented that filibuster from taking place. Absolutely all of them
Again, that's why they're so afraid of it. If one senator stands up if one good man
and
We need every good person to come to the aid of liberty in our country right now because it shows we have power
We have the right on our sides
But we're in a sea of deception where nobody will stand up and that's why I commend you leaving your lucrative job at Fox
To go start your own operation or go somewhere else to have freedom bin because that's what's gonna happen
It's like Bonjino that you know top of the Secret Service leading details a star in it leaves because of the collectivism
When Obama was sitting there brainwashing children about how great communism is
He just couldn't do it anymore and quit and it's that decision saying no
We're not gonna be part of this lie with you that will lead the sheep out of bondage
Well, I think that's that's where and that's where we're at
We really want to be able to be a voice as I mentioned
You know, that's that's speaking truth to people and truth speaking truth to power
And that's where it's not just us as you mentioned you just you need people all over the name
Absolutely, then swan stay there going to break coming back
You've heard about our MRE smorgasbord now long life food depot
introduces the most unique safe and longest lasting way to stash emergency food the eat pod most
survival food products recommend an ideal storage environment
Including low temps low moisture and low oxygen if you're storing in a basement too humid garages and attics too hot
But the waterproof double-walled high-density polyethylene patent-pending eat pod is a unique roll-away food bunker that creates the perfect
Conditions can be buried up to 30 feet and can keep your survival food supply safe secure dry and virtually
undetectable for 25 years or more get full details on the eat pod at eat pod comm spelled e a t p o d
Dot-com or call eight hundred six zero one two eight three three. That's eight hundred six zero one two eight three three
The eat pod from long life food depot since 1983 sending real food to your real future
In the u.s. One in every 50 homes will have a break in this year
Burglars call it smash and grab police call it robbery
We call it avoidable
We are fake TV a simple electronic device that can fool even professional burglars
Fake TV easily plugs into any outlet and simulates the changing colors of a television to a burglar
It looks like someone must be home watching TV. So they'll likely move on to an easier target
At only $29.95 fake TV costs less than a month of most alarm monitoring plans and comes with free shipping
Order your fake TV by calling eight seven seven five fake TV or go to fake TV comm that's eight
Seven seven five three two five three eight eight or fake TV comm fake TV the burglar deterrent
Introducing pro one all of your filtration in one system portable on the go no more
Do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride?
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to ninety five percent of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing
Technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
Aquametics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element
It is the only one that does it and out of the gates. We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides
herbicides
chloramines ammonia and chlorine
Hydrofluorosolic acid the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate
Get your pro pure with the new pro one filters today at info war store comm or by calling 888
253
139
Hey guys this one here
Okay, so by now no doubt you've heard either through Facebook or on the web someplace or from a friend that yes in fact
I am leaving Fox 19 here in Cincinnati the question is where am I headed and a lot of you have been asking?
Tell me where are you going? Are you going to a network? Are you headed off to the blaze?
A lot of people are asking me that are you gonna go independent a lot of questions about it?
Look be honest with you right now
I'm talking to a few different folks
But I really want your input on this because when I came to Cincinnati two years ago, I'll be honest with you
I had absolutely no idea what was gonna take place and we started this thing called reality check and
Thought this would be a great way of putting out some news content that other people weren't doing I had
No clue that reality check would explode the way that it has
The best thing about it though to be honest with you is that it connected me to you
By far the most exciting thing that's ever happened to me in my career. So as I take this next step
I'll be honest with you. I want your input
I want to know how you feel about the message that's been put out and what the next step should be
It's gonna weigh heavily into that decision
And the best way for me to get that input is not through somebody going on Facebook and giving me their ideas
It's actually for you to do me a huge favor and go over to my brand new website Ben swan.com
It's super easy to find and when you get there take the survey
We have a few questions on there to get your input
Find out a little bit about you and about where you think this next step should lead look. I've said it before I
Am a huge fan of the people who would say they were my fans
I appreciate the content you guys send me the things that you've said in the past the support you've given
The story ideas that you've that you've given me the education. You've helped me to get I think we're a pretty good team so far
So go over to my website Ben swan.com take that survey. It'll take just a few minutes of your time and
We'll get back together very soon. I'll see you then
All right. There you go. And people always ask me. Why do I promote other Liberty oriented medium?
I do it because we don't have a future if we don't and it's funny you mentioned back in there
I think I told you like six months ago off air
I said I wouldn't be surprised if Beck doesn't offer you a job because I know he's building a whole network off
Basically ideas I put on there, which is fine. I think that's great
And just my only painful thing is hearing something him reading word-for-word
Infowars articles then telling his listeners don't trust Infowars. I mean I see it all the time every time I tune in
It's and it's insane, but it's funny. You mentioned back there
I don't want to go off into that whole discussion
But you were telling me off here
You're probably gonna go independent and I think that's probably the best move and then just have your stuff out there everywhere
But you know, you could go into Dallas. It's just that I don't think you're you're quite a feminine enough to join his sidekicks
I'm sorry
It's a joke it makes them mad they hate me they're listening right now. Hi Glenn the cover cover my stuff tomorrow on the air
I'm sorry, go ahead
No, you know, you know Glenn Beck show is my show. I mean the truth is it's my show
So, I mean I like it actually I just know because a lot of people have assumed that that's the place and I'm not sure
Why in fact to be honest with you? I mean, I've never never had a conversation with Glenn Beck
No, no, no, he would be would be intimidated by that
I actually told you that off air to six months ago, but he was smart he would but but let's go back here
I mean, come on that you see you're probably gonna what moved to San Antonio
I'm guessing we I guess you got family and then you'll be down here in a few months doing your own thing
Well, and the question will be yeah what it looks like ultimately
I mean we were working one of the things you're gonna find on the survey if you go over there and you take that
Survey is we're considering, you know, trying to launch something
Possibly through Kickstarter to do some crowdsourcing and you get together, you know a plan to put something together and put out
Some content that we think was going to be really important for people
That'll be information will be educational and then taking that content and like I said getting into streaming services getting it out
There where people can see it because you know, one thing that we're really about is really trying to open up people's minds
I almost see us as the bridge between
mainstream and alternative media and saying there's a lot of good information over here guys that you're missing because
You're watching the wrong things and hey, you know what?
We're gonna break for one minute come back and do five more minutes with me
I want to show you a few articles been that you'll never see in the mainstream that I'd like you to cover when you launch
Your own operation there goes my voice going completely out folks. All right, we'll be right back. Stay with us
You are listening to GCN visit GCN live.com today
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans
Here is the cow Ben soap company Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years
These all-natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth friendly and safe
See them on the web at five star soap calm or call 800
340 7091 for a free catalog buy the one to two months sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as
What you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning needs
This is an amazing deal. You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel
See them on the web at five star soap calm or call 800 340 7091 for a free catalog
You
Waging war on corruption Alex Jones on the GCM radio network
Big brother
mainstream media
Government cover-ups you want answers. Well, so does he he's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network
And now live from Austin, Texas
Alex Jones
All right, here's stories you'll never see in
establishment megaphone prostitute media known as mainstream media really dying carcass state run New World Order run
Vending machine media really vending machine media because foreign governments just China
Qatar Saudi Arabia. Hey, we'll give you half a million dollars. Don't let
Don't let your reporter criticize. We're lining people up and shooting them
Amber Lyon get rid of her and put few coins in
Ben swan is here the answer
The answer is move move in an exodus away from these people here
Here's an article you never see Italian Supreme Court president blames Bilderberg for terrorist attacks strategy of tension
Their head of their CIA has gone public saying they're staging terror attacks as a pretext to destroy Liberty worldwide that they have the documents
You think you'd see that mainstream news also who gave North Korea nukes in the first place?
We have links to ten-year-old mainstream news articles, but you won't see this now
You see but but you will see somebody like Ben swan cover it. So then Fox tells him. Oh, no, just do local stuff Ben
Would you cover stuff like this once you launch your own operation or is that the ravings of a fascist? No, no, absolutely
Listen, I think I'm especially intrigued by the way by this
article you guys have up about who gave these
nukes into North Korea in the first place and listen what part of what we do too is because
What we really try to do is stay away from editorializing. Obviously, we have a little bit different brand and what we do
but one of the things that we're really about and I love what you guys have done with this is we try to go back and
Find sources and find facts from the past because one thing that media does not do a very good job of is ever going back
And say hey, what did we say about this five years ago or ten years ago or 20 years ago?
It's the same concept with al-qaeda. You mentioned this before al-qaeda in Syria
Well go all the way back to al-qaeda being created with the Mujahideen in Afghanistan
Exactly in the late 1970s early 1980s and yet media forgets that conveniently today
they never talk about those issues today never discuss the fact that our government funded this and created it and
Today, we're repeating history all over again
you're right and
At a certain point it's it's got to stop because
We see cultures throughout history go crazy and and you know, I talked a lot of mainstream media people
They don't like what's happening either. They don't like being on a short leash
Yeah, well, no they don't and there's a lot of really good reporters out there
It's smart reporters and they understand that at the end of the day
They have to do what they're ultimately told to do
And I think that there's more and more
people kind of pushing back against that and moving away from it and again
It's it's things like access through the internet and there's just a lot of platforms out there
so, you know one of the most important things we do groups like campaign for liberty have talked a lot about the
Absolute necessity of keeping the internet free of government control and it's vitally important that that happens
I think your listeners absolutely know that but again where I feel like we we play a service here is to go out and find
Folks who don't know it
You know exactly everybody's got to promote liberty and go out and wake other people up
Obama's got a rally people to try to take our guns. He needs that grassroots
Look at how the White House senior adviser to Obama came out and said we hate Drudge Report
We can't even talk because of him picking up what we say
Well, you're the one saying it that shows how pathetically weak the little man behind the curtain is but getting back to this North Korea thing
Before you leave in a few weeks
You're stationed there come to him and say what I can't cover North Korea threatening to nuke America. Does it that affect Cincinnatians?
Locally and then you know do a reality check on the fact that our
Government and others help give the fissile material to North Korea. How could they say no to you on that?
You know, I'll absolutely do that. I'll absolutely do that story. We'll do it this next week
We do them Tuesdays Wednesdays and Thursdays. And so absolutely we'll do that story because again, you know the station for us as we're going out
You know, obviously they have their direction that they're going in and they've never really suppressed anything. We've done
I don't see them suppressing this so I think we'll be okay with it, but I'll definitely do the story because as you guys are
Pointing out you've got great. You've got great information here and sources and these aren't wild conspiratorial sources
These are wait a minute. Somebody else has something to say somebody else playing
Yeah, they have something to say to Alex. Joan you piece of garbage. I
Don't know what your deal is
Hey, Ben swan, you're awesome. We need to talk off air have a meeting soon. Thanks for coming on bro
I wish you all the luck prepare by purchasing gold food and firearms
But if you don't have a home security system
And you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection when you're sleeping or away from home who's watching out for intruders
Check out simply safe. It's a new do-it-yourself home security system. That is completely wireless
Go to get simply safe calm
Simply safe is independent and off the grid it runs on battery power. So even if the grid goes down you're protected
It's completely customizable so you can use it in your home business boat trailer storage unit or shed
Get simply safe calm
Simply safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes
So there's no need to let a stranger into your home if you move or need to relocate you can take the system with you
Wherever you go, you aren't always at home
But simply safe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day seven days a week
Again, that's get simply safe calm in the last two years alone
The u.s. Has seen huge losses to our food supply in 2011 storms and floods raged across the u.s
Costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone in 2012
We saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years
You may think out of sight out of mind and so you don't think you will be affected
The fact is you are we all are food shortages drive prices up for everyone
You might not be able to control mother nature, but you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability
Of your food supply with e foods direct be prepared before you need it with nutrient-dense food
You can store for up to 25 years
You can hope for the best
But hope won't feed you do what I've done and get your own supply of the best horrible foods out there for me foods direct
Call 800 or oh nine five six three three or visit them on the web at e foods direct comm forward slash Alex and check out
Their spring specials again. That number is 800 or oh nine five six three three or on the web at e foods direct comm forward slash
Alex you can bet your life on e foods direct
Now that we have moved into the winter season. There is an increased need to support our immunity and health
At silver lungs we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection of silver based products
Our most popular silver based products are the 32 ounce nano silver solutions
Our 2 ounce nano silver nasal applicators as well as our all-natural silver soaps
Just released is our 100% natural silver
Gel our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents
Which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface?
But rather we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry of aloe vera
To quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more effectively
visit
www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver based products are best for you
That's www.silverlungs.com
The answer to 1984 is 1776 you're listening to the Alex Jones show
All
Right at the bottom of the hour we're gonna look deeply at who gave the nukes to North Korea
You're not gonna see this in the dinosaur kleptocrat vending machine media
I call them vending machine because whoever puts money into them
They'll say whatever the other buyers tell them to say the PR media the propaganda media
I'm gonna be breaking that down at the bottom of the hour North Korea
I'm saying they've loaded a bombs on top missiles are preparing to blow up. I mean I've got the quotes right here
They're gonna blow up Tokyo the most populous city in the world how many people live in Tokyo like 30 million or something I?
Mean I would be pretty angry, but you know what I've heard pundits on Fox News said the Japanese ought to be thankful for
Fukushima
Because radiation is good for him and culture said that and she said she wasn't joking so I would suggest and culture go get on
Top the highest skyscraper in Tokyo and say kim jong-il fire the missile
I'm about to really get some health here
These people are so out of control man
But I got to tell you I've kind of gone over the mountain
Just where I'm at peace
There's the last few weeks. I've been so upset about everything and just so worried about everything
and you know what God's in control and
And
Whatever is gonna happen is in God's plan and God's plan is for all of us though to speak out and be involved
Because physically what happens to us. You know we probably can't control all that, but spiritually we can and
You know I'm not telling you what to subscribe to you know religiously or anything
I understand if you don't feel God's presence something's wrong with you
Let me tell you there's like a lot of zombies out there in the population and
And that's what I want to talk about now is
Consciousness you can just type into a search engine brain waves of the average Westerner are dropping
TV Alzheimer's connections
Neurological disorders the English language is growing in words and popularity, but the amount of words used is shrinking
People aren't communicating you go to a restaurant
Every kid in the place is on an iPad or iPod the parents aren't talking. They're on an iPad or iPod and
They're not even researching news or info. They're like you know looking at entertainment stuff the IQs are dropping. That's physical
In fact guys print me an article on that right now
IQs dropping in the West sodium fluoride in the waters a
Harvard study on average a 15 to 20 percent IQ reduction if you live in a city that's fluoridated and drink it as a child
I mean these are facts a stubborn things
They are that we are under this mass mind control system where they turn up the social engineers in their own words
the ambient level of
distractions diversions in fighting
Cultural poison, I mean I was watching this morning
There's a story up on info Wars calm about Kesha
and I hadn't really ever followed her and I watched a couple of videos and it's teaching 14 year old girls how to commit suicide and
Songs about committing suicide having her fans send in you know their teeth to wear around her neck
and how she loves Satan and the devil and you know all this and
They're not just doing this to be cool. This is the spirit of the age. This is how do we hurt the youth?
How do we screw them up so bad they roll over to us to bring in the control grid?
I'm gonna break down what the control grid is
After we play this video
Now you know I've been doing man on the street for a long time 16 years
And I've had my reporters doing it and we're gonna be doing more of it
And I think all of you should be going out doing man on the street for your own YouTube channel or online
I mean, it's really to create a cultural
Engagement with people about how dumbed-down folks have gotten Leanne McAdoo the stories up on prison planet TV
She went out and could find no one that knew that dihydrogen monoxide was water
I
Redoing a pen and teller skit from like nine years ago
We heard that yesterday
That they picked up from a high school student who had done it a few years before that
Showing his whole class including his so-called biology teacher
Did not know what dihydrogen monoxide was and so we went out and did it and found no one in Austin in a wealthiest
part of town
Right on the pedestrian bridge with you know all these university professors and people
None of them knew what dihydrogen monoxide was and they did call for banning it because it has a scary
sounding name like carbon dioxide or sodium chloride or
potassium chloride a table salt sodium chloride is
potassium chloride a variant of it and
That's why I want to air this mark dice piece because just mark when he's on just just does a tremendous job
And it's good to see him. You know out there really
Showing how dumbed-down people are he did another video where he's like did you hear we nuke China blew up
Two other cities last week over the trade deficit and people are like oh, that's that's you know. That's a good idea
Oh, I don't care or okay. Well whatever you know we might have wanted to talk to him
I mean just totally disconnect. Oh millions are dead. Okay. I gotta go
Look if you don't care about millions dying which didn't die
And don't even know about something like that. Do you think you've got any future these are people in a zombie state?
We're raised in their diapers in front of a television where they don't interact. It's a mental illness and the global
Let's brag about this their brainwaves are very close to a sleep state you what you see them walk around you say
It's like they're in a daze. They're in wine and when you go. Hey wake up
They're like your five-year-old don't want to get out of bed
I'll be waking my seven-year-old up or you know ten-year-old and hey get up
You know we got to go to church or whatever. Let me sleep ten more minutes descending. I leave me alone. Let me alone
We've got to wake these zombies up plus. It's more invigorating to be awake, and that is what's happened
I mean it is a mass
Zombiosis so when they laugh at you
That's a pre-programmed response because they've seen millions of simulated murders on TV death killing video games
So you tell them about hey, you know
Two million dead Chinese a nuclear attack, and they just go I don't care
Because they
They can't differentiate. What's real and this has been done scientifically the globalist brag about this
Bernays bragged about it 60 70 years ago
And and now they've got a giant horde of people who don't care if millions are dying in Iraq or whatever for real
But then when the media shakes them out of it to go the dead children
Here's their names, then they cry and call for our guns over 20 dead kids
You know they're taken out of the trance occasionally, but only by the programmers
So there's a split. There's people waking up. There's people that that are getting deeper into the trance and
I'm gonna have my crew go out in Austin
And I was already planning on it. I guess great minds think alike
And I was already because I just love the good work people do I just love the work of Ben swan
I love the good work of people like Mark Deiss
You know you even about individually you know particularly. I'm sad for people in there and their own personal stuff
I still have to admire important work because that's what matters. That's what matters in this universe
and and I just have I
Was reading the Bible passage this morning you know about turn the other cheek
But that's with your brethren not with the new order Christ beat the money changers, but when your brethren are having issues
You need to love them especially to guide them and build them up to do the great work that needs to be done fighting tyranny
We are builders, and that's our job, and we need to shake these zombies out of their mind control
Here's Mark Dyson's excellent report. We're gonna. Just repeal the Second Amendment and
Take the guns away from the crazy right-wing
white extremists and
Just make sure that the only the illegal on the inside guns stay on the streets the white guys. Thank you so much. Thank you
I by repealing the Second Amendment what that'll do is we'll have a door-to-door gun confiscation
Against the white people the right-wing extremists. Okay. Take away their guns for a birthday
Amendment door-to-door gun
Confiscations then that way only the unregistered guns will be out, and it'll be will be much safer that way. Thank you
Thank you, sir making eye contact
Just a name and a signature. This is California
We're trying to just repeal the Second Amendment
To make sure that only the criminals have the gun and get them out of the hands of the law-abiding woman signs it
To repeal the Second Amendment. It's such an old fashion. They're signing a petition repeal the Second Amendment
Making sure that the law-abiding gun owners have that right taken away. All right. Thank you so much
We're gonna repeal repeal the Second Amendment. Yeah, only the police and the military need to have guns
We just got them. They're not here on anything
wrong and
We're just gonna get the legal registered guns off the street. You don't have to convince us my friend this
the law-abiding
registered gun owners and then the
Criminals sign the criminals won't turn their guns in so they'll still have their guns
After we repeal the Second Amendment
Thanks for supporting that
Come on, bro. You don't want the kids to die in another massacre like Sandy Hook
We're going to repeal the Second Amendment
Well, come on we want to help keep people safe we can we can trust
But you can't be trusted to own those guys. The police can be only
Women you say 17 said no. No, thank you chance to win a free xbox to repeal the Second Amendment
You're genius with a straight face
What we're doing is we're supporting the Lord
Repealing the Second Amendment. Oh my guns off signs reads that the police if you have any problems
You can call the police. You don't need to defend your family yourself
So we're just California is the deepest under mind-control supported repealing the second. Thank you smiles
We're trying to just to just print even if you have a permit
Birthday birthday, please
We're just repealing the Second Amendment for all and a signature
We're just repealing the Second Amendment for all law-abiding citizens
We don't need that if you have a problem if there's a threat to your family
You just call the police you can wait on them. So that's true. Thank you so much for that
We don't need these tea partiers and these law-abiding citizens to own
And they all sign for the police in the military. He talks like a zombie
In today's society, we can trust the government enough to get the NPR people voice have the weapons
He's doing this on purpose
This case speaking to them in the door to door and take them away from everybody. All right. Thanks for supporting
Okay, just checking
What we'll do after the Second Amendment is repealed is we'll have some door-to-door
searches to confiscate the
Registered woman science databases of the rest of the videos up at info wars comm we're gonna post it right there along with his
Nuke China where people think China's been nuked and don't care and don't even know these people are in a zombie state. Good job mark
In the last two years alone
The u.s. Has seen huge losses to our food supply in 2011 storms and floods raged across the u.s
Costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone in 2012
We saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years
You may think out of sight out of mind and so you don't think you will be affected
The fact is you are we all are food shortages drive prices up for everyone
You might not be able to control mother nature
But you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply with e foods direct be prepared before you
Need it with nutrient-dense food. You can store for up to 25 years
You can hope for the best but hope won't feed you do what I've done and get your own supply of the best durable foods
Out there for me foods direct call 800 or oh nine five six three three or visit them on the web at e foods direct
Calm forward slash Alex and check out their spring specials again
That number is 800 or oh nine five six three three or on the web at e foods direct calm forward slash Alex
You can bet your life on e foods direct. Don't throw away leftovers instead
Throw all your leftovers vegetable peels egg shells coffee grounds pizza crusts and more into the Bokashi
If you love to garden and compost, but don't like the hassle of turning a compost bin or this smell
Then check out the EM Bokashi food waste recycling system from tereganics
Finally a way to recycle all your food and plant waste safely and effectively and stop using
Fertilizers the EM Bokashi food waste recycling system rather than decomposition the Bokashi system uses fermentation to break down waste
So it takes less time to create nutrient-dense humus for crops or gardens with no turning and no obnoxious
Odors to learn more and order your Bokashi online visit tereganics.com and click on the orange button
That's tereganics.com spelled t-e-r-a-g-a-n-i-x dot-com or call eight six six three six nine three six seven eight
That's eight six six three six nine three six seven eight
Recycle all your food wastes in about six weeks with the Bokashi food waste recycling system from tereganics.com
Tereganics life's getting better
Good day Jim newcomer for minus resources April 11th 2013 gold open this morning at 15
6220 a one ounce gold coin can be purchased for 1601
60 $800 and 80 cents for a half ounce or $400 and 40 cents for a quarter ounce. That's
1601 60 $800 80 and $400 and 40 cents. Hi, this is Ted Anderson
Have you ever wondered why bank stockbrokers investment advisors won't talk about gold IRAs?
Wait a sec gold and silver is going up while Congress is trying to settle on the next debt increase and there's no end to
This madness that old 401k and IRA can be converted into physical gold without tax consequences
I explained this in my book ten reasons to buy gold don't let time slip away call for your free copy today
800-686-2237
Get away from that Washington spin and get honest answers about gold
Eight hundred six eight six twenty two thirty seven the book is free eight hundred six eight six twenty two thirty seven
American gardeners and fellow Patriots make the right choice with your money time and your family food supply choose
100% pure heirloom seeds in the survival seed vault from my patriots apply calm why spin more the survival seed vault from my patriots
Apply calm is only 37 95 it includes 20 varieties of pure hardy easy to grow heirloom seeds. Yes only
37 95 that's 70% less than our competitors
You could buy three survival seed vaults for less than one of theirs the survival seed vault from my patriots apply calm includes detailed
Planting and seed saving instructions and ships same day plus all orders over forty nine dollars ship free my patriots apply calm is American
Owned by Patriots like you passionate about freedom and preparedness call now eight six six two two nine zero nine two seven
That's eight six six two two nine zero nine two seven or discover more emergency preparedness items when you order at my patriots apply
Calm choose the original choose the survival seed vault at my patriots apply calm
No one knows what it's like to be the Batman
To be the sad man
Behind blue eyes
No one knows what it's like to be hated
To be fated to telling only lies, but my dream
But my dreams they aren't as empty as Paul Begala's conscience
I was just out there. They have CNN on the TV. Can you guys pump that in here for TV viewers radio listeners?
Paul Begala, I meant to mention that weeks ago. He has his own
TV show
His own TV show and and notice all over CNN ABC you name it it's nothing, but former government people
Because it's state-run media
And he's the guy that said executive orders stroke of the pen law the land
kind of cool an incredibly nasty person deeply involved in the black ops of the
Clemson administration, I mean Anderson Cooper's admittedly CIA and we've got to sit up there with
Classical brainwashing media, and you know I said I'd get into the heart of the New World Order. I've gotten to a lot of it
But you got to understand. This is like medical triage when when when people get totally lazy totally decadent totally stupid
totally disconnected from reality
They're like lambs to the slaughter we have become domesticated
It's like a dog you put in a box. It's all life. I just throw food in the jail cell window
It knows and eat doesn't know anything about the outside world
It is a victim and people sit in front of televisions their whole life
They see their neighbors shot and killed they don't even care they saw that on the movies a thousand times
And
the fact that
We went out in Austin with a petition and
Everyone signed it to ban water
Everyone one guy came up. We were leaving people said well. Why did you get him because we were leaving and so wait?
That was dihydrogen mon, dihydrogen monoxide. That's water isn't it a guy we talked to I?
Mean that is crazy
Number one you'd say what is it and she kept saying well? It's it's water basically
You know it's it's what you wash your stuff with I mean they didn't get it. She's like laughing at them
They're on the bridge with the Colorado River under them
And and and they even call the Colorado River Lady Bird Lake
See it's this false reality. Let's just name a stretch of the river off of the former first lady and call it a lake
You're like. What's the big thing there? It's that everything is a stinking lie now
It is an ocean of lies. It is an overthrow of reality
That's what the new March magazine that everybody should subscribe to big color magazine to wake people up
Buy them in bulk ten up to a hundred. It's probably gonna sell out again, so get them give them to people and it shows
All the government lies and hoaxes and the people that are even away go well. That's just what they do they lie
Yeah, they're licking their chops down to take your pension funds
I mean they're going to take everything America had all this wealth because people would kill you if you tried to push them around
America's had all its problems and boy do they get advertised but compared to the United States
America's had all its problems and boy do they get advertised but compared to any other country
We made more science more inventions more patents more wealth
He got in a war with us everybody feared us before we even had high-tech weapons
Because we were real we came here through adversity
I don't care what color you are you came here through adversity and now the globalist the social engineers know what Victor Hugo said is true
Adversity makes men prosperity makes monsters, and I go look at the young people they are monsters
Unhealthy monsters, I mean I have a stack of articles here
And I'm gonna do a whole special report on on what the New World Order master plan is
Where people can't talk now the IQs are dropping
The language is shrinking people are getting early onset of Alzheimer's
It's all
happening
You know I've been behind the scenes on man cows TV show. That's now number one in Chicago
Samuel cast with his radio show and he's even saying to his crew. He's like get off the smartphones
We're going live in two minutes everybody wake up wake up wake up come on. Let's wake up
Let's wake up, and I've been in other companies and businesses where they go out. We're gonna in lunch
Let's keep those smartphones off unless it's work. Let's everybody wake up
That's what they say about all the top companies that are left the person running it knows everybody's in a trance. It's like hey
Wake up come on wake up wake up
Because it's a television is at a flicker rate training you to go into a mesmerized state
Reading make sure IQ go up make sure brain connections go up because you have to visualize if I say Marilyn Monroe
Standing on top of that great with that wind blowing up in her dress
You just you just had to go find that connection data retrieve it and then fire it up now
It hits other areas of your brain the image of an attractive woman
Let's see what TV you don't it's just there
And it gets rid you know they say most fish have an attention span of a couple minutes
So you're supposed to have an attention span of hours as a hunter you're supposed to have long-term memory that everything
But you're you don't have a member because you've never accessed it radio
You've got to listen and image it same as reading boost IQ TV
Especially mainstream TV kills it. We're on the march the Empire's on the run
Alex Jones and the GCN radio network
Introducing pro wine all of your filtration in one system portable on the go no more
Do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride you have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to?
95% of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
Aquametics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element
It is the only one that does it and out of the gates
We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides
herbicides chloramines
ammonia and chlorine
Hydrofluorosolic acid the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate
Get your pro pure with a new pro 1 filters today at info war store comm or by calling 888
25 3 3 1 3 9
Devastating events like earthquakes tornadoes floods hurricanes or the threat of martial law have highlighted the need for
Americans to prepare for emergencies as a result millions are stockpiling food gold and weapons
But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency
Supernatural silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria
Viruses moles and fungus and is remarkable for wound care taken internally or use topically
It can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens
Supernatural silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life making it the number one choice of preppers across the country
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared go to
Supernatural silver comm use the promo code prepared for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook
In the last two years alone the u.s.
Has seen huge losses to our food supply in 2011 storms and floods raged across the u.s.
Costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone in
2012 we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years you may think out of sight out of mind and so
You don't think you will be affected the fact is you are we all are food shortages drive prices up for everyone
You might not be able to control mother nature
But you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability of your food supply with e foods direct be prepared before you
Need it with nutrient-dense food you can store for up to 25 years
You can hope for the best
But hope won't feed you do what I've done and get your own supply of the best durable foods out there from me foods
Direct call eight hundred four oh nine five six three three or visit them on the web at e foods direct comm
Forged-slash-alex and check out their spring specials again that number is eight hundred four oh nine five six three three or on the web at e foods
Direct.com forward slash Alex you can bet your life on e foods direct
We are on the march the Empire is on the run
Alex Jones and the GCN radio network
Well, thank the good lord above that dr. Steve Vachinik got safely back from the DMZ we have unprecedented fear mongering going on
With North Korea saying we'll nuke Tokyo. We're loading the warheads
I mean this is insane and and I don't have a theory I have facts
But the best evidence points towards criminal elements in the anglo-american
Dutch the Imperium in the great game actually
Telling Kim Jong-un to do this as a promise for oil and and
Food so they can sell weapons if the clinic hinted at this, but when he was in the country seemed a little concerned about it
Until he got back, so we'll find out what he thinks in a moment, and I'll recap that
But
First off I wanted to get to this before we forgot
How the Pentagon used video games to spy on users worldwide democracy now they brag
That they're watching you over connect and Xbox and all this it's like the last Starfighter that actually
recruited people to fly drones off of their scores
but this was to then track people and and to have it designed for Muslims to pick it up and
Track everything they're doing
Pretty amazing that they did this with native echo and so just be aware of that here's another one
Hackers use Android remotely attack and hijack an airplane and that's out of a computer world
And again, this is just two articles today
There's another one zero hedge
Carmen Reinhardt no doubt our pensions are screwed being announced everywhere here and in Europe. They're gonna the pensions are already gone
I mean, that's why they want your bullets and your guns folks. They know you're gonna be mad
So they're gonna take the vets pensions too, and they've done actuaries knowing a lot of them are gonna
Go haywire over it a lot of cops in military gonna get killed
They're gonna have a civil war instead
Let's just all come together take the states back triage and write off the derivatives arrest the globalist restore the Republic
But we're going to talk about a picnic here in a moment
This is a little three-minute report that a Leanne McAdoo put together with Facebook's new
Home system that ties into all the internet spying. I was just talking about where he calls you dumb efforts
He goes my customers think that they can trust me
You're a bunch of dumb efforts and laughs at you and then does goes to Bilderberg and then does a pump-and-dump
total scam
With the Facebook stock and he doesn't go to jail because he's in the untouchable club the white shoe boys to use
the East Coast parlance and
We'll see how untouchable they are
I mean
They think homeland security this new fifth branch the military is gonna protect him this first branch of tyranny
That is it rhetoric by the way. That's what it is. Let's go to this report then to dr. Pachannik
I'd give us his take what he can really tell us now that he got back being cased by the CIA and others
But here is Leanne McAdoo
I'm Leanne McAdoo, and this is an info wars news bulletin
Facebook will launch its latest data mining device with the release of Facebook home on April 12th
The company's new move into the lucrative mobile advertising market comes on the heels of last year's pump-and-dump scandal which cost investors billions
The mobile app will first be available to Android users and according to the site from the moment you wake your phone
You'll be immersed in cover feed
Before if you wanted to be inundated with the vacuous status updates of your friends and pictures of their half-eaten breakfast
You had to manually launch the Facebook app
Well, no more behold the future
By replacing the unlock and home screen of your phone the company that's determined to creep into every area of your life
Can now flood your phone with pictures chat requests and suggestions without even needing to be unlocked
With Facebook home, you're basically authorizing the complete surrender of your privacy much like its web-based counterpart
That is no stranger to privacy encroachment home will collect information like your location how you connect with friends
What sort of apps you interact with and your internet searches in order to?
Personalize the advertising that will be seizure handheld device while it's awake
As we've reported before Facebook is regularly used by the IRS to scan your account and Twitter feed while conducting audits
Now if you launch an app via Facebook home
Information about your purchases could be stored and subject to subpoena much like all the other information Facebook collects on you
law enforcement officials also scour social networks using facial recognition software and have arrested people like this
20-year-old for posting a picture of graffiti to her Facebook owned Instagram account
even something as innocent as liking a religious or political page or
Attending a rally is collected and can be used against you
Why then would anyone want to be smartphone shackled to a social network?
That's known for mining and collecting data and then providing that information to advertisers and other nefarious systems
basically the app signals Facebook's ideal to have you chronically connected to the Facebook interface so it can be the sole data house of
citizen intelligence
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg emphasized that home is built around people not apps
Which means that users can spend more time interacting with their friends and families on their smartphones
Well if by family he means keeping you perpetually connected to big brother big sis and DARPA
Well kudos to you Zuckerberg. Maybe you were right about your Facebook users
I'm Leanne McAdoo, and this has been an info Wars news bulletin and
For radio listeners during the pause we show the headline where he publicly said you're a bunch of dumb efforts
I mean, and that's the thing they're laughing at you. They pump and dump you it Facebook in the CIA was a book of
enemies faces
Even the name. It's just all a giant sick joke you say well. Why are you on Facebook?
Well, I mean why a lot of special forces parachute behind enemy lines. I mean I mean we're there to engage us where the fight
Is why are we on YouTube the big DARPA run system because we're here to bring war against tyranny
Okay, they're waging war on us. We're waging in full war on them and just open up in all directions
Don't overthink your attacks. Just attack in all directions. We will bring them down by force of mass I
Mean their own minions are zombies folks brainwaves are lowered IQs dropping under chemical binary attack
All we've got to do is energize plug into our hardwired
Instinctive drives that we have enemies running things, and we'll take everything over
They need you focused on them feeling guilty about yourself for I'm not gonna get into the psychology of it
Let's go to dr. Steve pochenik joining us back in the u.s.
He bravely flew over there unannounced and went up to the DMZ former a top hostage negotiator and
Crisis manager for the State Department and combat veteran in classified operations before that helped found the Delta Force with General Boykin
Most of you know who he is very interesting guys helped overthrow governments with psi ops
I mean you name it and he joins us
Here's what I wanted to cover with you just out of the gate search the quick answer on this you said it's all a false
Flag between China the US North Korea and others, but you know to sell weapons and that North Korea wants oil and food
But and it's not a black box obviously since you talked to us it turns out
There were secret meetings put that up on screen guys Reuters with the Pentagon
Kim Jong-un a month ago before all this started
And I have Rumsfeld a mainstream news articles from 15 years ago up on in full wars calm
Who gave North Korea the nukes in the first place US government the CIA China's massing troops on the border with North Korea?
Threatening them like they never had before is North Korea almost out of China's control. Have they done a flip-flop
You know like stalling away from Hitler or as Hitler cheated him first with their deal in Poland
Is Kim Jong-un actually being manipulated or will he be double-crossed now threatening to nuke?
Tokyo I mean am am I wrong sir in saying this is unprecedented dr. Steve pochenik joining us
Alex first of all let me congratulate you I came here to San Francisco and believe it or not
I was at Berkeley last night, and you are a hero in a left-wing organization
Called Berkeley University, so you have really reached that across the spectrum Alex
I'm very proud of you
Let me get right out to the point number one Kim Jong-un is not relevant the entire issue here is has to do with
Dynamics it has to do with dynamics the United States Japan
China Russia and Southeast Asia
Kim Jong-un is not out of control not at all all he is doing is expressing the
The dynamic of trying to get more food more oil and more subsistence from the United States
Japan and other countries because this is a weak nation. It's a nation. That's falling apart
It's what we call a failed state for the most part
We've kept that nation alive so that we wouldn't implode north to South Korea because it was too poor
But in reality we're keeping it there to justify the use of our
Our naval fleet in South China Sea and it is used to use a lot of our military
equipment as a
Test ground for the Navy the Marine and the Air Force the reality is that Kim Jong-un is not even relevant
He's really just following directions according to his hand his uncle and the China handler from China as well as the
Understanding that he has had with the CIA the DIA the DNI because he's lived 13 years in Switzerland
So, you know all of our intelligence operatives know him very very well
All he's done now is to really just bluster a lot of words
There is no nuclear missiles that can do anything whatsoever the South Koreans when I left we're mocking America
They thought we were absolutely so is that report leaked on purpose because I understand they do have some atomic
Devices and some smaller missiles that might be able to deliver them to see all or Japan now
But you're saying that's even baloney. That's baloney
Basically every country has atomic devices correct. Let me put it this was Pakistan has a hundred and seven
tactical nuclear weapons that we developed between the CIA the ISI and Mr. Khan in order to create a
Strategic tension force and you've never seen Pakistan use it instead
We talked about Iran sure and then our media acts like it was an accident and there's no capacity to hit anything whatsoever
But we make it you use it as an excuse to deploy our troops into South China Sea to deploy them into Australia
you remember the meeting between
Obama and Hillary and Minamor during the time that we were in Syria and I said to myself this was very unusual
So what if this was all pre-planned as a way of not necessarily having a false flag
but having a point of strategic tension so that the president once again could
Incompetently handle or not handle a situation that would put him in the history books
Remember a president the United States can do nothing domestically. He was already damaged our economy and Obamacare, but now
Internationally he can he has created another situation. It's more narcissism. We're all I see
Nuclear missiles in this one. It will not be effective. So yeah, I mean I turn on CNN all it is is former Clinton
And Obama people now with their own TV shows. This is just mad
Narcissism. Well, it's beyond mad narcissism
What it is is it's out of control what it is is really criminal behavior
And really this is where the American public your public the entire public the Berkeley public has to say cease and desist
Because what do we were in fact doing is I came back here in San Francisco
I see more homeless people. I see more the beggars
I see poor infrastructure that mirrors more like North Korea and it does South Korea in some ways
I feel when I come to San Francisco and downtown when I see all these bums were supported and
Under oh, it's rotting America is rotting great liberals
I feel I'm more in North Korea than I am in South Korea where there's wealth
All right, there's there's control and there's prosperity. So we've become very much like North Korea
We're mimicking the North Korean reaction and we're mimicking a North Korean economy, which is going down exactly
militarily controlled and no financial capacity to grow for
Manufacturing the way South Korea can so the irony is we're becoming more and more like North Korea and less like South Korea
All right. Let me stop you. You've said Rumsfeld's really bad news. He seems to come in
It's criminal. Well, it's not just bad news. I've known Rumsfeld since he was a secretary of defense under Nixon
No one liked him. He was a dangerous man. Then he had a very little understanding of strategic and then a tactical war
He was a very well look at what he did with Iraq, but let's just stop right there
Let me just bring this up to you here
And I want to ask you what's changed because neo cons were still defending Iraq just a few years ago now
They admit it was a disaster. But but let me raise this we have the article at info wars calm
Who gave North Korea the news in the first place and it links to BBC AP Reuters from 15 years ago and 10 years ago?
when Clinton and
others and the UN
transferred reactors in North Korea that are perfect for making atomic, you know, the enriched uranium for atomic bombs, why
Would the West want to give that hermit empire the ability to make atomic bombs?
And then here we are
Being told we got to have TSA do proctology exams on our wife because bin Laden might be up there
But at the same time that the globalists have given atomic weapons to these morons
Well, it's a very good question Alex
I was part indirectly of that of a beating on that and I was against it the reason that was done because
Blinton Clinton again Bill Clinton and Hillary are not very competent
Most of our leaders aren't it was a in an attempt to appease the North Korean by giving them a concessionary
point where we would control some form of nuclear reactor which was under our control and it was in a
sequestered
Package so honestly we did give them a controlled
quasi private public
Underwritten a nuclear capacity to keep them quiet, but truthfully it was incompetence writ large
We are completely incompetent in the way. We handle foreign affairs and domestic affairs. What's happening is again
We've gone in towards an Iraq Afghanistan Syria, and now we are basically
Competently handling. Why are they putting out reports? I mean it looks like they did it on purpose
Oh, we didn't mean to leak that. Oh, it's it's quasi secret
I
To say that they've got weapons and can deliver them. They know they have no weapons to deliver it
Let me give you the following why did they leave that man?
I a man who's totally incompetent next Air Force general James Clapper who have no idea what he does was put in there by
Feinstein a whole group after 9-11 is head of the director of national intelligence
Which means absolutely nothing another confusing aspect then you have the head of the CIA
John Brennan who we know is totally incompetent and created a lot of the false flag then we have on top of that the head
Of DIA Defense Intelligence Agency Mike Flynn a general who really doesn't know anything then above that you have the National
Geostation agency another intelligence organization that know nothing now you put together five different military
Intelligence organization with one civilian put together a White House with incompetent little
Neo fights and children and you get groupthink of ignorance
And then they come out with an analysis that has no relevance to the real world
And then you go to Seoul Korea and everybody's laughing at you you go to Japan everybody's laughing exactly
So let me expand on this then because we've seen this with Hitler going east we see this with Nero
We see this happen where they go crazy in their own echo chambers now
They're admittedly getting caught in lies everywhere correct their plans to try a domestic takeover
That's not gonna work. I mean I agree with you because I'm not normally it's an incompetence deal. It's a tyranny deal
They think they're in control. They're not which even makes them more dangerous. That's correct
What's happening is the more and more you think you're in control and the greater the?
Complexity of the system in the United States as we add more and more intelligence services
Which have no idea of what they're doing and it's costing us a fortune when you have eight hundred thousand
contractors with top secret secret top secret
And I see CIA operatives in the Ritz-Carlton hotel and special forces and Rangers who have no idea what this
Strategy is no idea the rules of engagement
They're just wandering around acting powerful because they've all been programmed by the TV designed to neutralize the public instead
It's neutralized them. Oh my god. We'll be right back. It's zombie apocalypse stay with us
Do you suffer from low-functioning adrenal or thyroid gland did you know that mercury from your dental fillings comes off your teeth both as?
A vapor and as metal particles into your body wherever mercury deposits in your body
It stops cells from functioning normally animal studies show that mercury causes kidney function to drop by 60%
Mercury deposited into your adrenals or thyroid will cause a corresponding drop in function the number one method by which your body
Detoxifies itself of mercury is glutathione the number one superfood that helps turn on all
75 trillion cells of your body to produce glutathione is non denatured whey protein from grass-fed cows
After investigating most high-end whey proteins on the market only one is the most non denatured the most active the most complete and in
Our opinion the most powerful in what nature originally put into the fresh raw way
It is one world way call eight eight eight nine eight eight three three two five
That's eight eight eight nine eight eight three three two five or visit one world way calm
That's one world WH ey calm
Introducing pro wine all of your filtration in one system portable on the go no more
Do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride?
Do you have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing?
Technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
Aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element
It is the only one that does it and out of the gates
We have a discounted at 10% off with promo code water
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides herbicides
chloramines ammonia and chlorine
Hydrofluorosolic acid the most common form of fluoride not covered by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate
Get your pro pure with a new pro 1 filters today at info war store comm or by calling 888
253 139 hello, this is Ty Bolinger author of the best-selling book cancer step outside the box
I want you to know some very important information in 1985
President Ronald Reagan requested that carnivore be sent directly to the White House at a time when only the president could obtain this world-class healer
Now 27 years later carnivore capsules are used around the world to keep people healthy
Now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in this age of superbugs with 17
Naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal cells only without harming a single normal cell if you want to stay healthy
Now is your chance to literally wake up your critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders that don't belong in your body
Call one eight six six Venus fly or order from carnivore comm that's car ni vor a dot-com
That's one eight six six eight three six eight seven three five one eight six six Venus fly or visit carnivore
a dot-com protect your immune system. It's the only one you've got
Final segment the official broadcast here restreams at info wars comm don't forget to subscribe to the podcast
We also have video streaming at Roku
Boxing and a bunch of other systems when you're a prison planet
TV member you can see it all the nightly news the special reports the films become a prison planet TV member today
And one username passcode create a generic one
11 people simultaneously can be logged on anywhere in the world with that code and
Most people aren't gonna end up using it all the time so you probably give it to 20 30 people
operation awaken the sleeping giant be sure to
Share your username and passcode make sure it's unique with friends and family. We're also going to create a new function. We can buy them in bulk
Discounted as well when people can create their own username passcode
But prison planet TV you are the resistance and you're helping us get the word out by the books the videos
The high-quality water filters the best stuff we carry it all at info war store calm or call 888-25-33139
You can also find all the great work of dr. Steve pochenik and the books
He's co-written with Tom Clancy and others at his site Steve pochenik
calm Steve only got a few minutes left in closing
more and more I
Mean I've got to hear from Hartford University
Let's show this document here to TV viewers the decline of average human. I cube
It's plunging very very quickly right now a lot of that's chemical
But also people aren't ever challenging their brains TV
More and more people are in like a trance
I mean you can go out to man on the street and say hey we knew China two weeks ago and killed 10 million people
Do you think that's a problem people go? No? It's not a problem. There's an actual man on the street
We have posted info wars calm remark dice went out
They said that I mean either people are more awake, or they're not and and and what do you call this?
You're a top psychiatrist not a quacker. You know the real deal. What is happening societally? What do you call it because?
I've been to high security events, and I've watched Secret Service
Special Forces as well they tend to be more focused and have eye contact and and and seem to be not on a power trip
But you know when somebody's in a narcissistic
Talking into their sleeve feeling like when a kid thinks they're Superman in a costume and strutting around
I see that in the leaders as well
I mean, it's it's it's really sad and it's like Nero or something
What do you call that and where is it going and where do you see North Korea ending up in this latest total?
sociopathy and criminal behavior ever since Clinton Bush jr. Should have been tried for criminal activity and
Prosecute it and Obama should be prosecuted for criminal activity as well, and hopefully we could stop this
But this is where the American public has to decide are they going to continue with this kind of a republic of sociopathy?
Are they going to change it forcibly or?
If we don't change it how bad will it get what how bad will it get if it keeps going down this course?
It will get very bad
We will end up to be and we are ending up to be a third world country with basically a republic
That's dysfunctional like North Korea, but an empire. That's like Rome
An imperial empire which will not function very well our military is totally
Dissociated from our civilian and our manufacturing capacity is totally geared the military
We have failed very miserably at leadership domestically and failed miserably in international leadership
So we have really violated our the precepts of our founding fathers, and we are in serious serious trouble
Why did you get out so quick you said you were being followed quite a bit and see I got out quickly
Because I'd gotten into Korea. I got into North Korea and basically what happened is after a while
It was getting to be very quickly
consumed by CIA
contract officers and
military Rangers Delta Force, and you could see that the place is being South Korea was being rammed up by
all kinds of irrelevant military and
Intelligence assets that really were not going to be relevant, and we're it's just delusional
It does nothing, but they just I'm gonna do five more minutes with you to ask you yeah
But you know cuz you talked about talking to some of them and and getting into North Korea
I want to hear about this, but dr. Steve pochenik when we come back in just one minute that little bit of overdrive some stations
Don't carry it, but it's an audio streams at info wars calm
Don't forget to subscribe to the podcast it's in the Alex Jones show
Link there at info wars calm in our backup site prison planet calm spread the word on the site defeat the enemy
Thank you for listening to GCN visit GCN live calm today
You
Prepare by purchasing gold food and firearms
But if you don't have a home security system
Then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection when you're sleeping or away from home who's watching out for intruders
Check out simply safe. It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless
Go to get simply safe calm simply safe is independent and off the grid it runs on battery power
So even if the grid goes down you're protected
It's completely customizable so you can use it in your home business boat trailer storage unit or shed get simply safe calm
Simply safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes
So there's no need to let a stranger into your home if you move or need to relocate you can take the system with you
Wherever you go you aren't always at home, but simply safe will stand guard protecting your property 24 hours a day seven days a week
Again, that's get simply safe calm
Coast to coast direct from Austin you're listening to the Alex Jones Broadcasting Network
Network network
Big brother
mainstream media
Government cover-ups you want answers
Well, so does he he's Alex Jones on the GCN radio network and now live from Austin
Texas Alex Jones
Wow dr. Steve Wojciech, former top hostage and crisis negotiator for the State Department worked in black ops across the board with the military
You were just saying you got into North Korea
Tell us about that because I know we were calling your hotel right there
You know close to the DMZ born in the United States
And I have another passport which allows me to get into this country in and out
I was able to see certain aspects of the industrial complex some of their military and
Quite frankly, they're not out of control. There's nothing crazy about them. They seem to be very much in control
It's a highly controlled society as you would expect the third world nation. That was very much like
Communists does a Romania or Bulgaria 30 40 years ago
But what you hear is that they don't take themselves all that seriously and really what's happening is that at the senior level?
you're getting this kind of
warmongering in order to force the United States and China and England to go or
Japan to come to the table in order to give
Korea a chance to have some food
Subsistence and money but truthfully Korea North Korea is not as bad as everybody thinks number one
They're exporting bauxite number two. They're exporting minerals and other products
They're doing exceedingly better than most people would realize now you were involved with with North Korea some when you were in the State Department
And those with his father Kim Jong-il and then Kim Il-sung Kim Jong-il was quite a smart man
He was very much like what I was doing at that time. He was an executive producer television shows
He was very creative very funny
But our intelligence system in the State Department and elsewhere insisted on calling him a crazy man wearing high heels
When in fact he was a very smart man running 2.2 million people in Korea in the military with antiquated
equipment antiquated Soviet military and no military is going to cross over the DMZ line
They don't have you're talking about the grandfather. They don't have the food
So it's not going to happen what happened in effect is a dramatic situation
which should never have happened because of our
intelligence if we had any that should have been prevented kept at a very low key level and instead we mirror imaged it and
Precipitated it through the incompetence of our president in confidence and use but they're doing it for a false flag
They don't think they're incompetent
But I mean you're saying it could lead to something that would cause Korea to implode into both China and South Korea
The Chinese are taking it very seriously
Yes, because the greatest that the greatest deficit in all of this the greatest problem will not be really for South Korea
South Korea can maintain it with the Republic of Korean Army and also the fact that they're very wealthy
What cannot take it and is not capable of?
handling economically is
Li Jiepong the new technocrat
He's not a good leader of China
The Chinese cannot handle the North Koreans coming over the border in massive amounts of their 22 million
Because the Chinese now have an economic problem. They have a food problem. They have a water problem now, and they have a financial problem
They cannot handle a
swath of
22 million
Well, here's my final question then border as if they came over the border from Mexico into Arizona
They cannot handle that. It's far more of a danger to China than it is to South Korea or anybody else. It has no
We've only got one minute left on hand. We only got one minute left
How do you expect all this to end because it looks like it's just escalator
We come to a negotiated settlement and we'll do an appeasement once again
Carrie who's not a very effective Secretary of State will sit down. We'll give them some money
We'll give them some food and once again
There'll be some kind of appeasement and it will continue South Korea will grow
China will fall apart North Korea will actually ironically grow in many ways if they'll open up the Jisung
industrial complex and more and more
54,000 of the North Koreans will continue to work and they will get more
Currency and eventually within five to ten years North Korea will be integrated what's called on a soft landing with South Korea
Hopefully we will get rid of our intelligence our military and a lot of our incompetent leaders and our incompetent military
Or instead Homeland Security will try to just conquer America because that's what it's doing. We're the real country. They're trying to conquer
Dr. Pachinik, StevePachinik.com. Thank you for all the time. I'll be back Sunday 4 to 6 p.m. Central live
You
