Thank you for listening to GCN. Visit GCNlive.com today.
Big brother.
Mainstream media.
Government cover-ups. You want answers?
Well, so does he. He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network. And now,
live from Austin, Texas,
Alex Jones.
Okay, folks. We have got another obviously incredibly important broadcast as the world just gets crazier and crazier
by the minute. I am your host, Alex Jones, and we are going to be live here, Lord willing, for the next three hours.
The news websites are infowars.com and, of course,
prisonplanet.com, streaming video at prisonplanet.tv.
I woke up at about 3 a.m. last night
just gripped with conviction to warn people.
And I didn't really have an epiphany or what you'd call a vision. It was more of a crystallization
of the technocratic system that's being established and
really, their entire master plan and what is being established.
And so what I'm going to do here today is
open the phones up in the first hour on North Korea, the Second Amendment,
the state saying your children belong to them, and that you're an extremist if you don't believe the state controls the children and owns the children.
I want to have a discussion about the overall authoritarianism that's coming in like a flood
in an attempt to overwhelm us and then ridicule us
so that we're off balance and basically accept
the destruction of our republic, the destruction of our wealth, and our journey towards slavery being completed.
And I'm going to try to focus my mind today because the reason I don't really get into the globalist master plan completely
is that it is such a large compendium of information
that it is hard to describe to people the full depth of it and how the dialectics work, but, I mean, a lot of it's very, very simple.
There is a scientific elite that's mopping up pockets of resistance nationally, worldwide, taking over countries, they have them under economic or military or both, siege.
They want to end humanity as it's known, and they've already chosen the evolutionary curve of humanity, they believe, towards an end of humanity as we know it, and a new species of limited supermen that have merged with new genetic manifestations and the cybernetic interfaces.
And they openly, I mean, it's everywhere, fantasize and popularize and engage in predictive programming to sell the idea of this is a foregone conclusion and that some type of heavenly existence, utopian, anti-characterism,
that some type of heavenly existence, utopian anti-dystopia will manifest.
But if you look at what they're really building, it is a complete and total dystopia of the
highest magnitude.
So I'm going to attempt to break it down today.
And this program is so evidenced, it is so 100% on record that it dizzies my mind that
we're even having a debate about this.
The establishment is moving forward with an accelerated timetable for several reasons.
They're about 10 years behind in their projections, and they've looked forward that if they don't
accelerate the program, their operation will fail.
But they have succeeded in their greatest goal of creating an artificial habitat civilization
with government and corporate reservations that are breakaway civilizations several steps
above us.
So that's what they've got over us is that we are now in a fishbowl.
But we can build civilizations out of their program if we realize the matrix.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms, but if you don't have a home security
system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe.
It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to getsimplisafe.com SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit, or shed.
Getsimplisafe.com SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install
yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
Introducing Pro1, all of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go.
No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolicic
acid.
Advanced manufacturing technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
aqua medics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one
filter element.
It is the only one that does it, and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off
with promo code WATER.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia and chlorine, hydrofluorosolicic acid, the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro Pure with a new Pro1 filter today at infowarstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning
needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
We now take you live to the Central Texas Command Center and the heart of the resistance,
traveling patriots worldwide.
You're listening to the Alex Jones Show.
It is April 11th, 2013 on this Thursday edition.
We've got a very important broadcast lined up.
We're going to have updates from the head of gun owners of America, Larry Pratt, at
the bottom of the next hour, or at the start of the next hour, he's going to be popping
in with us.
Then at the bottom of the next hour, I will break down the most chilling information that
we have ever covered here on this broadcast, and it's all publicly available.
And it deals with the technocrats, the Anglo-American eugenicist elite, and their own statements,
their own plans, and what they've done before.
What they do when they have full control of a country.
What they do when they have full control of a country.
What they do when they have full control of children.
Because if you want absolute proof of what their goal is, what their plan is, you don't
just have to go read the books they've written, admitting they plan to exterminate the majority
of us once world government is fully in place, and they incrementally cut the resources off
while posing as the saviors during the deepening crises.
It's all about crisis management strategies of tension.
I have received out of the National Archives restricted Bilderberg documents.
I've talked to former heads of Special Forces Command.
They all know what's going on.
And the plan is to destroy the family, shut off the resources, and bring in a global medical
tyranny and then if you fight back against the white coated exterminators, Nazis use
them first, Soviets use them first, then they're backed up by paramilitary death squads.
And we know the exact formulae, not even reverse engineered, this is all out in the open as
a mosaic of actions, white papers, and statements.
I mean, they just released a bunch of WikiLeaks documents and Kissinger has not denied them
and the government has said they're real.
And what did Bradley Manning, who was part of releasing him, say?
He said, it's like the establishment is a kid with a magnifying glass burning ants.
Well, that's how HG Wells described in his allegory War of the Worlds, which he later
wrote books about saying is what the elites want to do to us.
They are the machines.
They are the Morlocks.
We are the Eloid.
Same allegory over and over again, same story over and over again.
Member of the Fabian Socialists, top globalist, part of the inter-eugenics cult, wrote the
book The New World Order.
He said that they were going to bring in this world government and that they were then going
to exterminate us, for our own good, of course.
And there's a new Bilderberg Group report out at infowars.com right now where the president
of the Italian Supreme Court, very famous individual, has now come out and said that
the government has all of the documentation.
And Italian intelligence has all the documentation that every time Italy tries to get out from
under the EU or the globalist system, terror attacks are staged by the Bilderberg Group.
It says secretive group was involved in strategy of tension.
And what does Kissinger say in the new WikiLeaks documents?
He says the illegal stuff we do now, the unconstitutional we have to do later.
Really devastating, and going back to H.G. Wells, he described how the establishment
sees us as amoebas in a Petri dish.
And they're coldly and scientifically studying us, watching with a cold gaze with what they
plan to do to us.
And they do it with the so-called water you drink, with all the poisons and pharmaceuticals
in it, and the hydrofluorosolic acid that's an adjuvant, hyper turbo charging all the
other poisons.
And it's in State Department Random 200, it's in John P. Holdren's book, Ecoscience.
It's in hundreds of publications, Club of Rome, all in my film Endgame, screenshots
of their newspaper that they send to members how they're doing this to us.
And it's funny to them.
And I'm supposed to just sit here while they're doing this to us and think it's funny.
Or go join the establishment and play the part of a mainline Republican like Rush Limbaugh
or Glenn Beck.
And just have a extended last meal, I guess, over the next decade or so.
And just watch society rot and I'll just sit back in a genteel way and watch my children's
entire future destroyed by madmen.
I'm gonna explain this again.
The people that run the New World Order are the people that created the Soviets and the
Nazis and the Maoists.
And Pol Pot, who was, again, quote, fighting the communists, they don't care as long as
humanity is attacked and destroyed and butchered and defaced.
These globalists compete with each other over who is the most vicious.
And there are real torture camps by the hundreds.
This has now been released by WikiLeaks.
We already knew this.
This has already come out.
But it just further confirms that the Army's own report from 2007, the Tugumbu report.
General Tugumbu is a rare moment of the schizophrenic Pentagon going, this program resulted in children
being raped in front of their parents with battery acid and large objects.
Go read it.
That's just one footnote.
And the Pentagon's like, we shouldn't do this.
And then they pull back with the program because there's a moment of, whoa, we're really super
evil.
Whoa, Dr. Mengele.
And by the way, these weren't even real al-Qaeda terrorists.
They publicly work for the globalist.
I have a stack of news I'm gonna get to after Larry Pratt leaves us at the bottom of the
next hour to just show you what the technocrats are doing.
They're seeing what military will follow orders.
They're seeing what contractors will follow orders.
These are all tests, cuz the devil mimics God.
This whole world's a test for God or his people, but the devil tests his people.
And if you don't believe in the devil, I mean, what is the good guys torturing people's kids?
And then they have, I mean, I picked up a law enforcement magazine at a 7-11 13 years
ago back in 99, I read it on air.
And it was a whole scenario for police about do you torture a terrorist's son to find out
where the anthrax bombs are that are gonna go off in New York.
And the intelligence operative teaches the SWAT team guys, the SWAT team magazine, teaches
them yes, you do, the end justifies the means.
I mean, just pure twist your mind.
And cops out there all listening going, yeah, I've seen that, I've heard that.
Because I see that about a third of the time, I just randomly pick up a law enforcement
magazine.
And just open it, it's just pure evil, page after page of just absolute evil.
Last time I picked one up a few years ago, I opened it up and it was a article written
talking about Dallas saying, if you see somebody with a get out of the UN sticker on their
car, go ahead and bring them in.
And police chiefs, go ahead and back your officers, find some reason to charge them
with something cuz these are extremists that wanna kill cops.
And then you go out and treat patriots like they're bad guys, they go, you're a bad guy.
See how you're like two fighting fish put in the same tank?
And the globalists sit back going, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha, full spectrum dominance.
Waylon Jennings' son is gonna be in studio with a shooter Jennings.
I've never met him in person, talked to him on the phone quite a bit.
He's a big fan of Listerine, I'm a big fan of his work.
I wouldn't lie to you, I wasn't a fan of his work.
I wouldn't even care about talking to him just cuz he's Waylon Jennings' son.
One of my favorite outlaw country singers, one of my favorite period.
Johnny Cash, Waylon Jennings, Chris Kristofferson, Willie Nelson, the highwaymen, there they
are.
His music is just amazing.
And he wrote The Summer of Rage a few years ago.
It's in our film Police State 4, The Rise of FEMA, which we all use for bumper music.
I mean, it is a five star song.
And really powerful.
It's about looking into his child's eyes, realizing that you can't just deny all this
is happening.
You've got to say no to it.
The good in the world has to stand up and say no.
He's gonna be popping in here in the third hour.
We're gonna play some of his new album, premiering it here.
His new tour starts, I guess tonight, in New Braunfels, or is it down San Marcos, just
north of there, yeah.
So he kicks his new tour and album off here today.
Look forward to meeting him in person.
Just some good old boys, never meaning no harm, been in trouble with the law since the
day they were born.
I'm just a good old boy, you know my mama loves me.
That's what it's all about, loving your children and your mama loving you.
You know I'm a good old boy.
You know my mama loves me.
And that's what's wrong in the world.
Most of these evil people came from evil families where their mama didn't love them.
You know what?
My mama loves me, and your mama loves you, and we're gonna stand up for the children.
Time and time again.
You need to come here and help us.
We need assistance, please.
Those we should be able to depend on, let us down.
Federal and state and local officials saying help is on the way, while the folks here in
Bell Harbor say show me.
Don't depend on the government to save you.
Take action now so that you're prepared for the next disaster with MyPatriotSupply.com.
Get the best prices on storable food, non-GMO seeds, water filtration devices, home canning
equipment, survival and self-reliance books, and more at MyPatriotSupply.com.
Call 866-229-0927.
We are hurting down here, and we need help immediately.
Before it's time to survive, it's time to prepare, MyPatriotSupply.com, MyPatriotSupply.com.
Ceramic body armor is rated to stop six hits, but what about the seventh?
Unlike ceramic or Kevlar, Infidel body armor is proven to take hit after hit, and it just
won't quit.
Reasonably priced and designed for the smart civilian prepper, Infidel stops hundreds of
hits from small arms to high-powered rifles.
That means safety and peace of mind.
Buy yours at InfidelBodyArmor.com, spelled I-N-F-I-D-E-L, BodyArmor.com.
Infidel Body Armor just won't quit.
We the people grow cotton, we fabric, engrave ink, embed strips and fibers to protect from
counterfeit and carting to a private bank, having it led back at interest, forcing taxes
to service debt.
Is capitalism, or was Jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing the public
currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than a standing army?
Hi, Ted Anderson.
I'm placing a free silver dollar in a book that explains our monetary system.
Call for your copy, 800-686-2237.
It's time to understand the system.
Call 800-686-2237.
That's 800-686-2237.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons.
But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria,
viruses, moles, and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it
the number one choice of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to supernaturalsilver.com.
Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order and like us on Facebook.
In the last two years alone, the U.S. has seen huge losses to our food supply.
In 2011, storms and floods raged across the U.S., costing us $20 billion in lost crops
alone.
In 2012, we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years.
You may think out of sight, out of mind, and so you don't think you will be affected.
The fact is you are.
We all are.
Food shortages drive prices up for everyone.
You might not be able to control Mother Nature, but you can control your food prices by freezing
the cost and availability of your food supply with eFoods Direct.
Be prepared before you need it.
With nutrient-dense food you can store for up to 25 years.
You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you.
Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best durable foods out there from eFoods
Direct.
Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex and
check out their spring specials.
Again, that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
So here we are as usual held hostage by other crazy
government that it turns out has been meeting in secret with the U.S. government.
The globalists are so criminal they may have even been paying Kim and Jong-un to do all
of this so they can sell more weapons systems to South Korea and others.
That's pretty much what Dr. Steve Pachinik is saying is going on and you're like, well,
what's the proof of that?
Well, ABB headed up by Rumsfeld, the same guy that got Aspartame approved and so many
other horrible things.
He transferred the reactors and they said, why is the UN authorizing and why is Clinton
authorizing the Swiss company headed up by Rumsfeld at the time?
They put him on the board and make him the president for a year or CEO, then they get
the approval and then he transfers the reactors to them that allow you to make the fissile
material to enrich, is the proper term, the fissile material to then make atomic bombs.
1945 technology, it'll still vaporize your city and now we're sitting there where they
have A-bombs that the globalists essentially gave them and no one remembers cuz no one
even knew at the time.
No one pays attention to stuff like that.
I was following it, I was first on radio and TV, 95, 96 and covered on the air.
I was like, why is this Swiss company and it happened 96, 97, 98, 99, this one for like
five, six years, transferring reactors to them and the fissile material that they could
then enrich.
Just like our so-called government is putting Al Qaeda in Libya and Syria and it's all over
the news today, US expected to increase aid to Syrian rebels, AP, including Al Qaeda.
Washington Post, Al Qaeda in Iraq formally unites with powerful Syrian militant group
funded by the US government and NATO.
America's hired death squads and torture teams are still operating in Iraq, over 150,000.
And they're just disappearing whole families, killing people, torturing, murdering, they're
just contractors now.
And again, this is an army, build me an army worthy of Mordor.
Fighting Uruk-hai, tonight you will feast on man flesh.
I mean, they are over there doing unspeakable hellish stuff.
I mean, it's intensifying 20, 30, 40 times what Saddam did, 200 camps alone in Iraq,
giant CIA command fortresses filled with thousands, sending forth the black armored vehicles that
grab the families.
Flying them out, black sites all over the world, 200 estimated in Iraq in these WikiLeaks
documents.
Birds in Poland, and Romania, and Ukraine, and Georgia, and Jordan, and Israel, and now
they found black sites in the US.
And of course, while they're at it with the CIA aircraft flying drugs in, and you guessed
it, little kids, little kids, little pigs, little pigs, let me in.
Not by the hair of our chinny chin chin, then I'll huff, and I'll puff, and I'll moo.
You are house down.
Just total savage murder, where you are seen like a steak at the supermarket by these people.
I mean, you don't even enter their club unless you can slowly torture a child to death.
But let's turn our guns into these people, they're nice.
Al-Qaeda has always worked for the New World Order.
Before it was called Al-Qaeda, British intelligence, Lawrence of Arabia, look it up.
It's all there, but they think you're stupid.
And so I've really analyzed this, I've sat back and I've said I hate Kim Jong-un, I just
hate scum, hereditary dictators feeding on everyone, I feel for those people.
But you can't take him out, because I'm telling you, above the US government, above NATO,
above the Chai Comm government, there is the international crime order, and they've written
books about it.
There's the corporate super class that just uses governments, and they're exempt from
everything.
They don't want them out of community, they can do whatever they want.
Drug dealing, sex slaves, snuff porn, the UN's constantly caught and doesn't get in
trouble.
This is evil, because it's evil people animating government and major corporations, and channeling
their dark force through it.
And then we're just here, you're the authorities, do whatever you want, not resisting it.
And it is now getting up on its legs, energizing, preparing for a mass orgy like Hitler or Stalin.
Or Mao.
Lying down to it will let them win.
We're on the march, the empire's on the run.
Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
A little over a year ago, I began to do a lot of research into why, even if I had a
pretty good sized meal, that I was still starving.
And my research led me to a well known fact that most of the soils that we grow our crops
on here in the United States and across the industrialized world are almost completely
depleted of almost all of the key minerals and trace elements that our bodies need to
rebuild themselves, fight off cancer, and be healthy.
I then searched out the best vitamin and mineral company out there and discovered Young Jevity.
The Young Jevity products are designed to give you the real nutrition you need.
And once you've got that, you don't have to eat as much to be satisfied.
I've lost 37 pounds in two months simply getting the vitamins and minerals I need.
Check it out for yourself, it's incredible.
Go to Infowarsteam.com today and order your first canister of Beyond Tangy Tangerine Complete
Multivitamin Mineral Complex Dietary Supplement.
That's Infowarsteam.com.
Devastating events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, or the threat of martial
law have highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold, and weapons.
But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill?
Supernatural Silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency.
Supernatural Silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria,
viruses, moles, and fungus, and is remarkable for wound care.
Taken internally or used topically, it can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens.
Supernatural Silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term shelf life, making it
the number one choice of preppers across the country.
To find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared, go to SupernaturalSilver.com.
Use the promo code PREPARED for 20% off your entire order.
And like us on Facebook.
You may be arrested and or subject to other police action.
Tyranny is here.
The grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality.
It really says that the state is God.
The United States is now recognized globally as one of the most oppressive police states
on earth.
This film conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps now being
expanded nationwide.
This documentary exposes how the continuity of government program has established an all-powerful
shadow state.
Police State 4 chronicles the sickening depth to which our republic has fallen.
Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship, body scanners, sound cannons,
citizen spies, stage terror and cameras on every street corner.
It's only the beginning of the New World Order's hellish plan.
The police state isn't coming.
It's here.
Secure your copy today at Infowars.com or see it online in the highest quality at PrisonPlanet.tv.
It's a need for a New World Order, but it has different characteristics in different
parts of the world.
Live from Austin, Texas, broadcasting worldwide, it's Alex Jones.
Ladies and gentlemen, the head of the Italian Supreme Court who was privy to government
documents, the former head of their CIA has also gone public, says the Bilderberg Group
is specifically staging terror attacks all over Europe and the world to destroy national
sovereignty and keep national governments under the control of a private banking cartel.
And he says he specifically has the documents.
The former head of their CIA, who's extremely famous and revered in the country, has come
out and apologized to the Italian people and said that he knew it when he got into intelligence
a few years after it happened.
But the Bologna bombing and other major bombings all over Italy that killed hundreds and hundreds
of citizens, well, one of them killed over 170 people, the Bologna bombing, including
a bunch of children, was carried out by, get ready for it, get ready for it, US Special
Forces.
Of course, I mean, I have a Black Ops Special Forces manual that WikiLeaks released four
years ago, it's online.
The Pentagon admits it's real and says we're gonna arrest whoever released this, well,
they say it's Bradley Manning.
And they admit it's real, and in there it says, in the manual, you need to go take our
classified course in false flag to win over indigenous populations.
And what's a false flag?
I've talked to Special Forces about it, this is some of the stuff that was done in Vietnam.
And of course, most of these guys come back and end up committing suicide or they become
preachers and repent to God.
But you go down to the water and you find a little kid who's out there playing by the
side of the river and you hang him.
And then you leave paraphernalia of the Viet Cong there.
And that's what Colonel Kurtz and Apocalypse Now is all about, where he talks about the
Viet Cong doing stuff like that.
They took the inoculations, and so the Viet Cong come in and chop off all the little kid's
arms.
And he says, these weren't crazed men, these weren't men that were doing it to be evil.
They did it because they were focused, they did it because they love their families.
That's not really true.
You see, we go beyond Kurtz here, that's a lie, ladies and gentlemen.
And of course, that story is a composite of some true events that happened.
And that's not even really publicly disclosed, but I know the people involved in it.
Now that's the reality, ladies and gentlemen, and if you think raping somebody's kid in
front of their parents to get them to tell you where the insurgents are in Iraq is good,
then I'm evil.
And if you think, and the truth is they hired a bunch of former fired federal jail guards
to go run many of the prisons that have military under them who had already been caught doing
stuff like this.
They like to do it.
And I said I'd cover this at the bottom of the next hour, I'm gonna get into what they're
really planning.
Because I want everybody out there to really know what you're signing on to.
It's gotten pretty outrageous, hasn't it, where they come out in mainstream media and
say yeah, all Catholics are with Al-Qaeda, they are extremists, in army training manuals
for gun confiscation in America.
That's now in the major news.
The state police in Colorado have gone public and sheriffs going, we're given training manuals
that, say, prepare to confiscate Christian's guns that they're gonna uprise.
Well, yeah, when you try to collectivize everybody's kids after the nuke goes off and after the
economy collapses, and the only answer is to live in government factory dormitories
like malcollectivize in the great leap forward, this is all planned.
And of course there's gonna be a civil war.
People are going to not turn their guns in, police.
I mean, you're scared of a few people that are sick of being pushed around?
You're scared you have to pull people over now and make a little money or whatever?
Do you understand what's gonna happen?
And by the way, I've analyzed their entire attack strategy and profile.
I mean, I'm just so immersed in this.
I woke up at 3 AM last night not really dreaming.
I woke up and couldn't go back to sleep because I just sat there in the dark for hours in
the living room just with such clarity.
This is unbelievable, and I see the whole plan because it's all there.
It's not like I'm reaching out into some crystal ball and finding this 800-259-9231.
I wanna get your take first time callers on just everything, the craziness of the world
800-259-9231.
Now listen, it doesn't mean their plan has to happen.
We've already held them back ten years.
So they're accelerating their timetable.
Because in their own words, Brzezinski's and others, they can see the trajectory that they're
getting behind.
And so if they don't accelerate, they're not gonna pull out.
They see liberty as a gravitational pull.
Just as tyranny has its own pull, the more powerful it gets, the more unstoppable.
They see our momentum building and the distrust of them building enough to have an event horizon.
Just as the Bongino, the Secret Service agent said, he said in his spirit, he couldn't sit
there while Obama was collectivizing all these kids.
He physically making hundreds of thousands of dollars a year, a senior guy leading the
details all over the world, rock star in the federal government, going right to the top.
And it was that sell your soul moment and he had to quit.
R.J.
Savada, it's the opposite here in Austin, Texas.
He's selling his soul right now, in the words of Weldon Henson last night here in the office
talking.
And then it's sad to see that happen.
It's so good to see somebody's spirit, see what's happening and just step forward and
go, I'm not with this.
And to hear that truth in the voice, instead to see people lying and making excuses, listen,
it's a death warrant for everybody that goes along with this, okay?
You are signing on, you are going into a dark room with Beelzebub.
And let me tell you, Beelzebub looks like a beautiful woman there in the dark, the most
beautiful you've ever seen.
Just come, come on, come on, come on, come on, baby, come on, come on, come on.
But it's gonna get you in a stranglehold as soon as you come in there.
What starts like heaven is gonna end up being hell.
Whatever is in your mind's eye of desire, that's how it's going to appear.
Or you're competitive, you wanna show people that tried to hold you back that you can go
be with Biden on the stage and you can sell the lie.
The soul is being forfeit, it's being sold right there and it's gonna get harder and
harder to turn back.
It's gonna get harder and harder to say no.
800-25-99231, we'll take a few calls here in a moment.
I've just got news off the charts and we got Larry Pratt popping in.
They've killed the filibuster, gun bill clears Senate hurdle as filibuster falls short.
And if they need to stage a mass shooting to get it passed, they will, you better believe
it.
I mean, these are killers.
And by the way, they've gotten a unified coterie of criminals up there now.
And again, they're all going to jail if they don't totally take over.
You see, they're committed, they're committed.
They know all this stuff and most of them are scared.
Most of them are social climbers that ran for this and ran for that and became mayor
and then became a state rep and then ran for Congress and then the Senate.
And they've got a mistress and three ex-wives and four kids and all these bills and they're
up there.
And the whole thing's a bubble to keep them in a matrix as well.
All the real technocrats have their minions there feeding them the political information.
And if anybody gets off the reservation, then the pressure is applied and then they back
off and they go along with it.
And by increments, the sand gets deeper, the quicksand gets deeper.
So we'll get into North Korea, they're threatening to nuke again and all the rest of this garbage.
We'll get into Bitcoin.
And Mike Adams yesterday, the day before yesterday, predicted imminent collapse.
And a collapse is more than 50% drop, it did do that.
And Mike was calling earlier saying he's got more intel, if he wants to pop in via phone
or Skype.
I know he's out on his farm.
He's got a farm and a big factory with organic food, he's an amazing guy.
If he wants to pop in at 55 after, 54 after in the last segment the next hour, that'd
be good.
If he can do that, give us what he says next on Bitcoin.
And of course, people can say then, did you make it crash?
No, when something's shooting up 100% in a couple days, I mean, it's pretty much a no
brainer in my opinion to say there's gonna be a crash.
And I predicted during the interview, I said, I bet it'll crash and then bounce back up
and crash and go back up to train people to stay in it for when they finally drop the
hammer.
And I'm not against Bitcoin, folks, I'm against being suckered cuz the globalists can naked
short that thing all day and don't think they won't.
I'm very suspicious about it, but again, that's cuz I've got instincts, that's cuz I'm bad.
Being right is bad, being male is bad, being assertive is bad, being a slave is good, so
sayeth the New World Order.
Now speaking of being slaves, we did this piece because about nine years ago, I saw
a Penn and Teller piece that showed people saying, let's ban dihydrogen monoxide.
And that's water, of course.
And so we went out and we sent out Lee Ann McAdoo, one of our new reporters, out to ask
the question.
And no one figured out it was water until one guy that were packing up cameras leaving
and he comes over and goes, is that dihydrogen monoxide, is that water?
And so we just cut that guy out because we were in a hurry to get back and he don't wanna
be on tape.
So the point is, is that one person out of, I think it's like 30 people, out there on
the pedestrian bridge over the Colorado River, over a soup of deadly dihydrogen monoxide.
The way she phrased it about it's dangerous, it does these bad things, that's exactly how
they phrase carbon dioxide.
Cuz all that's coming out of most of these plants is carbon dioxide and water vapor.
But if they can list it, cuz it sounds scary, as a pollutant, they can tax it or shut it
down selectively.
So that's why we did this, was to show how they deceive and how they manipulate.
And so for radio listeners, it's powerful audio, but the video is up on prisonplanet.com
and infowars.com.
For everybody to see if you're a radio listener and wanna check out that report, it's even
more powerful seeing it.
Here is the report, should we ban water to save the Earth?
I don't usually hand out a lot of assignments, but I said, you know what, I like this Penn
and Teller piece from nine years ago.
And I've actually talked to people on the street that say, ban dihydrogen monoxide,
which is water.
So I said, I would like to see you go out on the street and recreate this.
And then I said, next, I want Jacari and David Knight, and Darren McBreen, and Jon Bowne,
and other reporters to go out and say, let's ban sodium chloride.
Let's ban carbon dioxide, which they are trying to do, which plants breathe.
Cuz banning water is just as crazy as banning carbon dioxide.
People go, well, it has a scarier sounding name, really, dihydrogen monoxide sounds even
scarier than carbon dioxide.
And so they went out and she said the vast majority, I mean, she talked to a lot of people,
so many we can't even show them all, almost all of them.
I think she said one guy came back and said, wait a minute, isn't that water?
So here is this report.
So about ten years ago, Penn and Teller set about to prove that some Americans can be
really gullible when it comes to saving the planet.
And we figured, you know, it's been about ten years, people are more awake, they're
starting to ask questions, certainly I couldn't get them to sign this petition to ban dihydrogen
monoxide.
That's right, I'm gonna see if people are gullible enough to ban water.
Can I get you to sign my petition?
Will I have to read a lot?
I'm trying to get them to ban dihydrogen monoxide, it's an additive in certain junk foods, and
basically we're trying to get enough signatures to get them to ban it.
Sure.
Oh, okay.
Awesome.
Well, good luck.
I mean, if you want to read, otherwise you can just take my word for it.
What's the source of the hydrogen monoxide?
Where's it coming from?
Well, it's one of the major components of acid rain.
It doesn't come off like, obviously, when you go to wash your fruit, it's just everywhere
now.
We need it out of here!
We'll help you out.
It's now being dumped into lakes, rivers, and streams, so of course with our whole system,
it then gets in the air.
It causes excessive sweating, so you might already be suffering from this chemical.
DHMO is being dumped into rivers, and oceans, and streams, and town lake.
What are you doing?
Fill with dihydrogen monoxide!
Hydrogen monoxide?
Dihydrogen monoxide?
Wow, okay.
I've never heard of it.
Tell you what I'll do, I'll look it up, but I'm not going to sign it.
Okay.
Thank you.
I look like I'm up to something, don't I?
Hold on.
Hold on.
Real quick, mom.
And I'm basically just trying to collect enough signatures to get them to put it on their
docket and consider it seriously.
Sure.
She was on the phone, so apparently, if someone's distracted, and then you get them to sign
something, that works too.
They don't typically tell you they're poisoning you?
Yeah.
If I can get 1,000 signatures, then-
I was a chemistry major, so I figured you could do that.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Wow.
It's been a while, though.
Well then, so can I get your support?
Can I read this?
Sure.
If we can collect enough signatures, then they'll actually take it seriously.
Okay.
So you can voice it?
Exactly.
Okay.
Where'd you go to school?
Cornell?
I did.
Wow.
Yeah.
Awesome.
Symptoms include excessive urination, sweating, bloating, the Environmental Regulatory Committee
should be overseeing it and sort of-
Okay.
Come on, people.
Ten years later, under the guise of saving the planet, and you'll still sign anything,
especially if you don't have time to actually read the facts, this is a 300-page paper being
passed in Congress.
I mean, you'd definitely stop to read what you were signing, wouldn't you?
Actually, maybe you wouldn't if you were a politician.
Wow.
What an incredible report.
And it is so important that we get this video out to everybody, because despite the fact
that Penn and Teller's report was seen by millions on HBO and millions on YouTube, still
people say, ban dihydrogen monoxide, and ban carbon dioxide, and ban sodium chloride.
I guess Bloomberg is trying to ban sodium chloride salt in New York, because if the
control freak social engineers can get you to accept asinine things, they can get away
with anything.
And that video is up at infowars.com.
And again, ladies and gentlemen, I'm not trying to be so dark here, but reality is dark.
We're letting evil people do incredibly horrible things publicly.
Where are the apologies to yours truly?
I told you the state would start saying the kids belong to them.
I told you they'd try to register your guns and then confiscate them.
Cuz the globalists have done this all over the world, the same people.
I told you they would start shutting down our power plants.
What do you think NAFTA and GATT was for?
Get rid of our jobs, make us dependent.
And I told you the criminal elements that run our government and other Western governments
created al-Qaeda and they run them.
And now it's all over the news that, yeah, Christians are now the main terror group,
along with, I mean, it was returning veterans, gun owners, libertarians, conservatives.
Now it's, and the Christians.
And imagine the state police in Colorado have gone public, they're in these federal training
seminars going, prepare to mass confiscate the Christians, they are the enemy.
I mean, right there, it should be running around going, enemies have invaded, enemies
have invaded.
I mean, they're bad mouthing George Washington saying the state's gonna get the kids.
It's like North Korea landed, but it's not, but the red, it doesn't look like North Koreans
though.
With a little idiot Kim Jong-un, it's Obama, but he's just the front guy.
And then you got all the useful idiots who think the government's their friend.
The government was taken over.
Now they're trying to mop up free speech in the states, but we're resisting.
They haven't won yet.
And we are striking back.
Is this the year you finally get serious about your family's drinking water?
If so, keep listening for a special offer from Big Berkey Water Filters.
Did you know that over 60% of municipal water is fluoridated?
Berkey Water Filters distinguish themselves from many other filtration systems with the
capability to significantly reduce dangerous chlorine, fluoride, arsenic, and disinfection
byproducts from municipal water via the black Berkey and PF line of filters.
Then there's affordability.
At only 1.7 cents per gallon, Berkey Water Filters purify treated and untreated water,
even stagnant pond water.
Stop and think how much money you could save by simply reducing buying bottled water and
using water filtered by your Berkey Water Filter.
No need to be constantly replacing expensive filters with a Berkey.
A single set of filters can last for five to 10 years.
Choose the best size Berkey for your needs at BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
And right now, all GCN listeners get 5% off all ceramic filter systems.
Just call 1-877-99-BERKEY.
That's 877-99-BERKEY.
Or visit BigBerkeyWaterFilters.com.
Free shipping on every order over $50.
Big Berkey Water Filters, for the love of clean water.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food, and firearms.
But if you don't have a home security system, then you're missing a critical weapon in your
arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out Simply Safe.
It's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to GetSimplySafe.com.
Simply Safe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you are protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit, or shed.
GetSimplySafe.com.
Simply Safe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes.
So there's no need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but Simply Safe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Again, that's GetSimplySafe.com.
Introducing a 30-day emergency food supply for only $99.
At 30dayfoodsupply.com, you can purchase Oregon Trail Foods' one-month supply of high-quality,
nutritious, and healthy emergency meals for less than $100.
These vegetarian meals are natural, high in carbs and protein, and are packed with oxygen
absorbers and mylar pouches.
They take up to 70% less space than number 10 cans, have a 20-year shelf life, and huge
portions, over twice the serving size of some competitors' meals.
Oregon Trail Foods and 30dayfoodsupply.com keep prices low by buying direct from producers
in Oregon, and then pass the savings on to you.
Purchase a 30-day, 90-serving emergency food supply for only $99 this month, and $10 ships
your entire order to the lower 48.
Call 541-673-6666 or visit 30dayfoodsupply.com, where they make preparedness affordable.
30dayfoodsupply.com.
Got it?
Get it.
Go to 30dayfoodsupply.com.
I'm never going to give up.
I know that.
All right, let's jam in some of your phone calls in this segment and Larry Pratt.
We need to go ahead and start getting connected, busy guy, will be joining us to give us an
update on the filibuster to try to block the national gun registration.
That's what it is.
And you got the Austin City Council guy going, don't worry, after we finish this work registering,
your sign saying stop gun ban, you're going to need that sign, because that's what we're
going to do.
Yeah, you're my slave, baby.
Just like North Korea, government's got the guns, and the people don't.
And look at the heaven it creates, they just want the guns to be our friends, just like
they took the Iraqi's guns to be their friends and have torture camps all over the place
and make them plant GMO.
You know, if you don't plant GMO over there, they come and kill you.
That's freedom, isn't it?
And our troops don't like it too much, they come back, commit suicide, but doesn't matter,
they've got all the mercenaries hired who like doing the work.
That's all been leaked by WikiLeaks.
Mass torture, mass death, death squads, killing whole families, it's fun.
Let's talk to Donald in New York, you're on the air, welcome.
That's exciting, Donald.
Very interesting, Donald.
I'm here.
Yeah.
Okay.
Hey, hey, hey.
I got to tell you, man, I'm a fan, dude, I just became a fan, you got me awake, man,
I'm awake.
Well, I'm glad you're awake.
Now, just don't drink the sodium fluoride out of the water and everything will clear
up and then you can save those brain cells to take some vaccines so you can really die.
I'm sorry, go ahead.
That's Melissa Harris, man, this thing, man.
I watched the video on it, dude, this lady's crazy.
Does she not realize that Hitler said this to his people?
That the children don't belong to you anymore, they belong to the state.
I mean, people need to wake up and start seeing, I mean-
Yeah, you're talking about the MSNBC host who's also an educator, that means a brain
washer.
And then she said, your children belong to the state, we've got to get past this private
idea and that your children are yours.
And then she laughed at everyone when they got upset, she went, I'm in control.
I'm sitting under the government's fat wart covered belly.
I'm sitting under the devil's sweaty rump.
I'm powerful.
I've snuggled up to the snuff film producing New World Order.
I've snuggled up to the black ops squads that staged the terror attacks.
I'm snuggled up to it drinking delicious milk.
Go ahead.
It's insane, it's insane.
I personally was a child of the state till I was 16, so I personally know-
How many times were you molested by the government?
Plenty of times, man.
I mean, educational-wise, religious-wise, I can't tell you how many different homes
I was in with different religions that were forced upon me.
Oh, really?
But you never had pervs go after you.
Wow, you were lucky.
Yeah.
So, I mean, I happen to be one of the fortunate, I feel myself as one of the fortunate ones
that all the bad things that happen out of life to me, I've learned from, and I'm a father
of three boys.
Good.
I have an 18-year-old, a 13-year-old, and a 12-year-old.
So, despite the fact they tried to break the chain of families with you, you have regenerated
it and are defeating the enemy.
Just surviving and having your family grow up healthy is a victory over the New World
Order, and every child they can't destroy, they hate it.
Every child they can't brain damage, they hate it.
They're just like, sorry, go ahead.
And I try to educate my kids.
I mean, personally, I don't think the educational system, and I've seen it this last year, my
two youngest kids are in elementary school, you know, they're in sixth and seventh grade,
and I've watched them implement a whole new math system that's two grades above where
they are, and 85% of the students are failing in this.
No, no, it's designed to then, no, it's designed, the Department of Education, to give them
too hard, too early, so they never, never get the basics to destroy them.
This is all by design.
This is GCN, the Genesis Communications Radio Network.
Introducing Pro One.
All of your filtration in one system, portable, on the go.
No more do you have two or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride.
You have a system that cuts out the sodium fluoride and up to 95% of hydrofluorosolicic
acid.
Pro One Manufacturing Technology combines silver impregnated white ceramic with new
Aquamedics advanced media for removal of fluoride and other heavy metals, all in one filter
element.
It is the only one that does it, and out of the gates, we have it discounted at 10% off
with promo code WATER.
This is the only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides, herbicides, chloramines,
ammonia, and chlorine, hydrofluorosolicic acid, the most common form of fluoride not
covered by other fluoride filter brands, and sodium hexafluorosilicate.
Get your Pro Pure with the new Pro One filter today at Infowarsstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
Reaching war on corruption, Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups.
You want answers?
Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network.
And now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
You know, the idiot MSNBC persons being defended by the Communist Party and the Socialist Party
in the U.S., they have an article up on Infowars.com, you know, the lady that came out to host and
said, in the promo, Harris, she said, hey, let's, you know, the state's going to take
over your kids.
It's a good thing.
She may not even be consciously evil, though she probably is, but she signed on.
Everybody that signs on to big government and the system, I'm going to talk at the bottom
of the hour about what you're signing on to and where this is going, just so you know.
And by the way, this stuff is not my opinion, okay?
I mean, we know in a extremely focused way exactly where this is going, not even generally,
because the enemy acts like we're not even here and just admits it all.
You know how frustrating that is?
We got Larry Pratt coming up with updates on the savage attacks going on.
Looks like they may get their gun grab passed in the Senate, then you just, I guess, stage
a mass shooting after that and get the House emotionally to vote for it so they can register
you and start the persecution of gun owners.
We've got some more news on that.
Let's go ahead, though, and talk to Dean in Virginia.
You're on the air, sir, go ahead.
Finally, I'm sitting in my driveway in Virginia looking up at the sky and about a dozen chem
trails, two of them doing a 360 as I speak.
That's an admitted government program, but everybody calls them chem trails and never
the geoengineering program, so then people still think it's just a rumor.
I'm not knocking you for calling it chem trails, it's just that they say they don't exist even
though they do exist on record, like they say the Federal Reserve isn't private when
it's private on record.
My call is talking about two things, the airsoft guns, I was going to talk to the gun guys
yesterday how the ATF confiscated 30 airsoft guns.
My son is heavily into airsoft and I see about 500 to 1,000 of these warriors, these like
SEAL team warriors with their airsoft, very real replica guns that fire these plastic
BBs.
They said, the ATF guy said on tape that they can be converted into real guns.
I think this is a ploy to get them banned too, just like-
Oh, there's no doubt, many cities because there's not a lobby for BB guns have already
banned BB and pellet and other air guns.
The people that told you about this saw a newscast four years ago out of Washington
state where one of the importers of these has a shop and the ATF guy holds it up and
says you can convert this into a real two to three when it is an airsoft thing that
shoots plastic pellets, which is ridiculous, I mean it's impossible.
And yes, they now are raiding people that sell them saying they have real firearms and
they don't care because they can tell the public, look, the average person in Congress
thinks that clips or magazines are disposable.
Now my other point was how they're conditioning us with every day 24-7 about Korea's ready
to launch.
It could be any minute.
They're ready to launch a nuclear strike on the US or Japan.
That's all of a sudden we're going to have a, whoops, an EMP over one of our natural
cities, LA, Chicago, and they're going to blame it on North Korea.
No, no, I mean I woke up at 3am this morning and it all crystallized.
It's not my opinion, it's a fact.
The globalist, not even the US, the globalist Donald Rumsfeld gave the reactors to him in
the mid 90s through 2000.
There was secret meetings have now come out even in Reuters with the Pentagon a month
ago before all this started.
And I don't think they totally control them, but they've made a deal to give them oil and
food and stuff behind the scenes and hookers or whatever Kim Jong Un wants, more movie
stars to come see him, burnout movie stars and basketball players, if he'll do this to
sell weapons.
And it's some way to then have an excuse to attack China or to menace the Chinese.
Again at a globalist level, this is a mafia deal going on and yes, just like they put
the moolahs in, the CIA put the Ayatollah Khomeini in.
Then they had a deal to have him grab our people, hold them, and that's all come out.
Every person goes, well, I saw Argo, that's not true.
That's the fight at the grassroots.
Up above it, these people work together because they all stand to gain from the crises.
So yeah, and so they may nuke a city sometime, say North Korea did it, have some limited
strike deal, he'll be protected and then they'll use that to come after all of us.
I mean, let me tell you, we're run by foreign banks now, we'll be right back.
If you want an American company with American products made by Americans, here is the Cal
Ben Soap Company.
Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years.
These all natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils
that are earth friendly and safe.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
Buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as what
you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning
needs.
This is an amazing deal.
You can save thousands of dollars and you will love the way real soap makes you feel.
See them on the web at 5starsoap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free catalog.
You prepare by purchasing gold, food and firearms, but if you don't have a home security system,
then you're missing a critical weapon in your arsenal for home protection.
When you're sleeping or away from home, who's watching out for intruders?
Check out SimpliSafe, it's a new do it yourself home security system that is completely wireless.
Go to getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is independent and off the grid.
It runs on battery power, so even if the grid goes down, you're protected.
It's completely customizable, so you can use it in your home, business, boat, trailer,
storage unit or shed.
Getsimplisafe.com.
SimpliSafe is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes, so there's no
need to let a stranger into your home.
If you move or need to relocate, you can take the system with you wherever you go.
You aren't always at home, but SimpliSafe will stand guard, protecting your property
24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Again, that's getsimplisafe.com.
I had tried everything.
I'd cut back the amount of food I was eating, I was lifting weights and jogging, but nothing
was working.
My body was literally starving for minerals and trace elements, as well as key vitamins.
And as soon as I had that, I immediately could eat half of what I was eating previously and
be satisfied.
Now, there are hundreds of great products at infowarseteam.com, but I want to point
out the three that have helped me lose 37 pounds in just two months.
Products like Beyond Tangy Tangerine, Holland Burst, and Rebound.
When I started taking the Tangy Tangerine and other products every day, I lost more
than 37 pounds in just two months.
Now that's results.
I want to challenge my listeners to go to infowarseteam.com and to order just three
of their products, and you will see the changes in the way you look, feel, and in your appetite
almost immediately.
Start your journey to health and wellness today.
Infowarseteam.com.
Big brother, mainstream media, government cover-ups.
You want answers?
Well, so does he.
He's Alex Jones on the GCN Radio Network, and now, live from Austin, Texas, Alex Jones.
All right, ladies and gentlemen, again, it is Thursday, the 11th day of April 2013.
We're into the second hour.
I know XM joins us in the second and third hour.
Larry Pratt, Executive Director of Gun Owners of America, joins us.
He was on CNN just the other day.
We're going to play this clip later if we have time.
If not, it's up on infowarseteam.com.
And CNN properly said, maybe even more powerful and effective than the NRA.
They fear Gun Owners of America, and Gun Owners of America has forced the NRA, and Ted Nugent
agreed to this, and he's a board member last time he was on, to get more hardcore.
You see, that's why they always say, don't be radical, don't be radical, we're not radical.
Everywhere the gun grabbers have gotten control, they've taken the guns.
Everywhere they've gotten control, they've taken the guns, and when they register, they
take them all.
And criminals don't follow the laws, and they oughta be thanking gun owners for a 49% drop
in crime rate since 1991 because of gun proliferation being the number one issue, and that's been
done in university studies by, well, you name it, more guns, less crime by the professors
that have broken it down, John Lott and others.
So all of this is happening, and they're there collectively saying it's our fault.
When he was also on that CNN piece, you can read the article and see the video up at infowars.com.
Mayors against illegal guns directors said no one in California has had their guns confiscated
when they're all over the place grabbing them.
If you've ever been depressed, ever been on Valium, ever been to a psychologist, period,
you're now mentally ill, notice how they advertise it and say it's no big deal, and now they're
gonna, without adjudification, try to take your rights.
This is up at infowars.com right now.
New York State Police admit wrongly confiscating guns under new laws.
Cinema blowing smoke on cigarette tax, IRS violates Fourth Amendment, Italian Supreme
Court President blames Bilderberg for terrorist attacks.
They're set to release documents, Senator says universal background checks could lead
to national registry, no kidding, the ATF's already been caught over and over again keeping
those records.
Chinese professor says 70, 80% chance of war with North Korea, environmentalist signs petition
to ban water, we're not joking, they're now saying it's bad, just like carbon dioxide.
Top economic advisors forecast war and unrest, that's the news at infowars.com right now.
But to give us an update on the state of the Second Amendment and the collectivist war
against the Second Amendment, they've got one against the First Amendment as well, their
state's rights, 10th Amendment, I mean, I've never seen such an all out push and assault.
They're putting everything behind it.
Gun bill clears Senate hurdle as filibuster falls short in a 68 to 31 vote.
So this is razor's edge, whether it's gonna pass the Senate, then there could magically
be another Fast and Furious mass shooting, and then they could get it passed.
And Katie, bar the door, joining us is executive director of Gun Owners of America, gunowners.org,
Larry Pratt joining us to break this down.
Larry, what is the state of this war against the Second Amendment right now?
Well, we're fighting it out in the Senate, even as we speak, there has been a vote on
a motion to proceed, meaning we'll now bring up the gun control bills that Harry Reid has
now that we've voted to proceed.
There were 16 Republicans that voted with Harry Reid, and some of them were kind of
surprising, like Senator Burr of North Carolina.
It's possible that at least some of these members were just actively deceived by Harry
Reid, who promised them one kind of an agenda for the consideration of this legislation.
And he's got it in another mode, trying not to get people lost in the weeds of, in fact,
I barely understand it myself, we've got an attorney that's previously worked on the Hill.
So it's just like Obamacare, it lets them do whatever they want.
They got their way, and then the Republicans will be able to vote on stuff that they want
after the damage has already been done on Senator Toomey's bill.
Senator Toomey went and made a deal with Chuck Schumer, and anytime you make a deal with
Senator Schumer, that can't turn out well.
And so that's where we are, we're now taking that up, and the ability to amend with anything
decent to change it, whatnot, that's not there.
Because Reid set it up, he set the table, so that's the only thing available for eating.
And the Republicans fell for, well, maybe some of them wanted to believe that it would
be an open process.
Well, it's not, but guess what, Harry Reid is doing it his own way, guys, and you're
gonna get-
And you predicted a month ago, whenever Harry was acting like he wouldn't go along with
this, that it was all playing possum.
They always do this baiting and switching so that we can't build up political opposition.
They always go, I guess you won, I guess we're not gonna get it.
And then the Republicans, obviously, the real power structure, wants to be able to take
stuff out of our bank accounts like Cyprus and Europe.
They want our guns, this is the global policy.
And so a lot of Republicans are being financed by these interests to go along with this traitorous
activity.
But Larry Pratt, here's my question to you.
What can we do to try to stop this, A, and B, do you agree we've gotta get on offense?
We've gotta, quote, be radical.
They say don't be radical because it's not radical to say, hey, we've made the crime
rate go down.
How dare you collectively say gun owners are responsible for 20 dead kids.
And if we don't do what Obama says, registering gun owners in all this garbage and shutting
down gun shows and private sales, that we're letting the families down.
I mean, this is so transparent.
Instead of running from this, we need to point out how they're using these dead children
and go on the offense.
The fact of the matter is that all of these mass murders that have occurred in our country
over the last 20 years, with one exception, have occurred in gun-free zones.
Many of them schools, but not all, some of them were in places open to the public but
posted no guns.
There was a mall in Utah.
In a Utah school, you can carry concealed, but in this stupid mall, I think it was called
Trolley Square, you could happily, there was a police officer carrying concealed off duty,
but still five or six people were murdered before he could get there.
And what they don't want to talk about, and it barely made the news, three days before
the Newtown tragedy occurred, in a Clackamas, Oregon mall, which was posted no guns, a dirt
bag went in and started shooting, killed two people, wounded one, happily his gun jammed.
And while he's fiddling with that, a good guy with a gun who also had ignored the sign,
went running to the sound of the shots.
And just as the dirt bag was freeing his gun, saw the good guy with a gun, took a few steps
in another direction, and ended the whole ugly scene by committing suicide.
The police got there several minutes later, which is, frankly, folks, that's typical.
Sure, thank God, thank God that gun owners keep stopping mass shootings.
My question to you is, how do we defeat this?
What will happen in the House now?
I mean, I know it hasn't passed the Senate, it's just gotten out of committee.
What do we do to shoot this down?
I mean, they're doubling down.
It looks like to me it's backfiring politically, but they don't care.
Is this the greatest assault you've ever seen?
This is a very dangerous measure because this completes the effort to have a national gun
registry.
They're not calling it that, but when they do the background check, they're telling dealers
that if the dealer doesn't wanna spend hours, many times, waiting on the phone for a clearance,
he can use the Internet, which they're increasingly doing.
So as most of the background checks are done by Internet, they get a little notice the
first time they do it, saying that all the data supplied over this portal is going to
be the property of the US government.
There's your gun registry.
I bought a 50 caliber rifle last year at a large gun store here in Austin, and there
it all was on a computer and said that.
The ATF had it all, the questionnaire, everything, the gun, and they've been caught.
You were on CNN and they said, we don't keep anything.
They've been caught over and over again, saving all the data.
Exactly, and they've even been seen by many of our members, and I'll bet some of your
listeners have seen in stores where ATF is in there taking down all the information.
Some cases they make copies, which is actually illegal, but then, hey, wink, wink, we're
not making a copy if we sit here and by hand enter it into our computer.
And wink, wink, we shipped some guns to Mexico to blame the Second Amendment, wink, wink,
we're terrorists.
Isn't that over the top for chutzpah, the very government that's going to check on whether
or not we're worthy of buying a gun, haven't committed any crime, we're not in jail.
They are the ones that have killed by their own admission, at least, well, they've been
complicit in the murder of some 400 Mexicans, a couple of our federal agents.
And then they turn around and say, but, hey, Larry Pratt, you wanna buy a gun, we're gonna
have to check you out, bud, we can't be too careful.
When everybody knows criminals don't follow the law, so what happens next in the Senate,
and I mean, give us the legislative process, how do we shoot this down?
Well, first of all, as you and I speak, we're sending a communication to the Senate saying,
guys, Harry Reid pulled the wool over your eyes, he didn't play straight.
There were people saying, well, they were gonna vote for the motion to proceed and then
they would vote for various amendments that Harry Reid said would be possible at that
time.
It won't be possible, it's only gonna be Harry Reid's agenda that you can vote on.
And so, guys, get with it, get back in where you need to be and vote against this stuff.
We can still stop this, it can be done, but they need, in the Senate, they need to hear
from the folks back home, we'll have the names of the defecting Republicans up fairly soon.
There were even a couple of Democrats from Republican states, maybe two to four of them
that voted right.
It wasn't enough to compensate for the hemorrhage, 16 Republicans.
Oh, yeah, listen, all the favors are being called in, the stops are being pulled out.
They're going for this cuz they wanna use Homeland Security to persecute gun owners.
New York and California are the model.
This is a persecution program.
Amino acids are the building blocks of proteins.
Amino acids have to be delivered to your body in the shape that nature gave them if they
are to be used to create new proteins in your body.
Just like a bricklayer cannot use bent or twisted bricks to build a brick wall, so too
your body cannot use bent or twisted amino acids to build new proteins.
Giving your body an undamaged amino acid food can make a huge difference in your health.
One World Whey is an undamaged amino acid food unlike any other.
You see, heating bends and twists amino acids, and all whey protein powders we've investigated
and most proteins you consume are heated.
With our true cool process, you now have a choice with One World Whey.
My name is Daniel, I'm 34 years old.
When I started using One World Whey, I weighed 228 pounds.
Now, after two and a half months, I weigh 182 pounds.
This is my ideal weight.
I've noticed an increase in stamina, rate of recovery from workouts, and an increase
in my potency.
Call 888-988-3325 or visit OneWorldWhey.com.
In the last two years alone, the U.S. has seen huge losses to our food supply.
In 2011, storms and floods raged across the U.S., costing us $20 billion in lost crops
alone.
In 2012, we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years.
You may think out of sight, out of mind, and so you don't think you will be affected.
The fact is you are, we all are.
Food shortages drive prices up for everyone.
You might not be able to control Mother Nature, but you can control your food prices by freezing
the cost and availability of your food supply with eFoods Direct.
Be prepared before you need it with nutrient-dense food you can store for up to 25 years.
You can hope for the best, but hope won't feed you.
Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best, durable foods out there from
eFoods Direct.
Call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex and
check out their spring specials.
Again, that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at eFoodsDirect.com forward slash Alex.
You can bet your life on eFoods Direct.
Hello, this is Ty Bollinger, author of the bestselling book Cancer Step Outside the
Box.
I want you to know some very important information.
In 1985, President Ronald Reagan requested that Carnivora be sent directly to the White
House at a time when only the President could obtain this world-class healer.
Now, 27 years later, Carnivora capsules are used around the world to keep people healthy.
Now you can protect yourself and your loved ones in this age of superbugs with 17 naturally
occurring compounds that instinctively respond to abnormal cells only without harming a single
normal cell.
If you want to stay healthy, now's your chance to literally wake up your critical immune
cells to attack harmful invaders that don't belong in your body.
Call 1-866-VENUSFLY or order from Carnivora.com, that's C-A-R-N-I-V-O-R-A dot com.
That's 1-866-836-8735, 1-866-VENUSFLY or visit Carnivora.com.
Protect your immune system.
It's the only one you've got.
Whew, nice shooting.
Hey, that's a sweet AK-47 chest rig.
Is that multi-cam?
Yep, got it from StrikeHardGear.com.
Strike what?
Strike Hard Gear.
StrikeHardGear.com.
Set your sights on StrikeHardGear.com, tough, tactical gear for your Soviet-style weapon
that's made in the U.S.A., affordable, plus a no-questions-asked 30-day money-back guarantee
and lifetime replacement warranty.
StrikeHardGear.com, go ahead, pull the trigger.
We the people grow cotton, we fabric, engrave ink, embed strips and fibers to protect from
counterfeit and carting to a private bank, having it lead back at interest, forcing taxes
to service debt.
Is that capitalism, or was Jefferson correct when stating a central bank issuing the public
currency is a greater menace to the liberties of the people than a standing army?
Hi, Ted Anderson.
I'm placing a free silver dollar in a book that explains our monetary system.
Call for your copy, 800-686-2237.
It's time to understand the system.
Call 800-686-2237, that's 800-686-2237.
When I did this the first time in 94, it was the one group I had to go speak to and make
sure they were satisfied with what we were doing were hunters.
There's a whole new sort of group of individuals now who I don't know what the numbers are
that never hunt at all, but they own guns for one of two reasons, self-protection or
they just like the feel of that AR-15 at the range.
They like the way it feels.
It's like driving a Ferrari.
My impression is there's not the same sort of cultural norm about gun ownership with
a lot of people who are buying guns.
All right.
The truth is we know globalists have taken over America.
We know foreign corporations are giving money to anti-gun groups in a seditious action to
overtake us politically.
Larry, isn't this really about a takeover with the government buying 2 billion bullets
and armored vehicles and Fox News reporting that they're teaching state police that Christians
are terrorists, period?
I mean, this is really getting so bizarre, I can't even believe it.
Well, when the government is referring to the population or a substantial part of the
population as the enemy, and that's what Janet Napolitano, the head of the Department of
Homeland and Security has called people who are pro-life, pro-second amendment, pro-constitution,
pro-property rights, you name it, anybody who's kind of a traditional American, they're
the enemy for this administration, and they don't hesitate to call any of us that.
And when they buy not armor-piercing ammunition, not wadcutter ammunition that might be suitable
for target practice, but they buy enough ammunition to shoot each one of us five times, a hundred
million a year and counting, then when you talk about the fear that has been instilled
in Americans, by the way the president talks, I keep hearing stories of shipments of ammunition
coming to a store on a truck.
People find out when that truck is due, because many stores have, I guess, regular deliveries.
Anyway, they find out when that truck's coming, and even if it's six in the morning, there'll
be people out there in the parking lot with their hand trucks, and the money will be exchanged
on the spot.
The product never gets into the store, and with my own eyes, I've seen, I was in a large
sporting goods store in Tulsa a couple weeks ago, I guess, and except for some used firearms
on the wall, nothing on the ship.
Well, I've talked to major distributors, by the end of this month, most places will be
completely sold out.
All the shops in Austin are rationed down to one box of ammo.
That's also a frequent, that's now happening.
I think they've decided that they can't let the ammunition go to ten customers in the
parking lot at six in the morning.
And it's nice of them to at least ration it out.
At least you can get a box.
I mean, here's the deal, the so-called liberals are authoritarians, they call themselves liberals,
they're not.
Thomas Jefferson was a liberal, they're not.
And they really have dreams, this is like Che Guevara or Mao Tse Tung, and they quote
Mao Tse Tung taking over.
And hey guys, it's not like you're breaking into our house and we don't know you're coming,
okay?
Back off now, crazies.
Now briefly, legislatively, how do we kill this?
What happens between, let's say it passed the Senate, what happens with the House, legislatively?
That's finished in the Senate, and I think people can help by pouring out an outrage.
And we'll have the names of the 16 Republicans up on our site pretty soon, and we'll be sending
it out to people who are on our email list, so folks go to gunowners.org, they can get
signed up for that.
That's a freebie.
Then you'll know who is who.
We'll have alerts that carry email in them so that you can send it to the appropriate
member of Congress, and that will help deliver the message they realize.
That way, we're watching, and if they really don't want to come back to Congress, if they
think they're going to be paid off royally for selling us out on this issue, fine, go
ahead and keep voting anti-Second Amendment.
I'm not going to obey this law if it becomes law, I'll tell you that right now.
I'm telling your huge audience, I will not obey this unconstitutional law.
They are sitting in the Senate as if they were a constitutional convention.
They are infringing on the Second Amendment, they are changing the Second Amendment, and
I'm not going to go along with it, and I don't think a lot of Americans are going to go along
with it.
But it's not over in the Senate yet, there's going to be several more votes, still time
to call, probably best to call them right now.
But do sign up for those emails, because this may go into next week in the Senate, can't
be sure.
Absolutely, we see Obama rallying his idiots, saying, help me, call, get involved, we got
to get this done.
They are organizing around this to demonize all gun owners.
I want to ask you what you think is going to happen if this passes and gets implemented,
what the fallback position is in our next line of defense against the enemy.
We're on the march, the empire's on the run.
Alex Jones and the GCN Radio Network.
Now that we have moved into the winter season, there is an increased need to support our
immunity and health.
At Silver Lungs, we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full selection of
silver based products.
Our most popular silver based products are the 32 ounce nano silver solutions, our two
ounce nano silver nasal applicators, as well as our all natural silver soaps.
Just released is our 100% natural silver gel.
Our new silver gel is not based on synthetic gelling agents, which quickly evaporate and
leave the silver at the surface.
But rather, we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry
of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more
effectively.
Visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver based products
are best for you.
That's www.silverlungs.com.
In the last two years alone, the US has seen huge losses to our food supply.
In 2011, storms and floods raged across the US, costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone.
In 2012, we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years.
You may think out of sight out of mind and so you don't think you will be affected.
The fact is you are we all are food shortages drive prices up for everyone.
You might not be able to control mother nature, but you can control your food prices by freezing
the cost and availability of your food supply with e foods direct be prepared before you
need it with nutrient dense food you can store for up to 25 years you can hope for the best
but hope won't feed you.
Do what I've done and get your own supply of the best durable foods out there for me
foods direct call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at e foods direct.com forward slash
Alex and check out their spring specials again that number is 800-409-5633 are on the web
at e foods direct.com forward slash Alex, you can bet your life on e foods direct devastating
events like earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes or the threat of martial law have
highlighted the need for Americans to prepare for emergencies.
As a result, millions are stockpiling food, gold and weapons.
But how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes ill supernatural
silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency supernatural silver
is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria, viruses, moles and fungus
and is remarkable for wound care taken internally or use topically.
It can help keep you safe from deadly pathogens supernatural silver has over 500 different
uses and a long term shelf life making it the number one choice of preppers across the
country to find out how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared.
Go to supernatural silver.com use the promo code prepared for 20% off your entire order
and like us on Facebook he aligns himself with the truth and it's time for you to choose
a side you're listening to Alex Jones chaos is hanging around
a gas mask is the couture in the summer of rain the building is graves within the states
you and I can't trust anything but the love in your mama's eyes shooter Jennings gonna
be in studio in the next hour we're taping a review that will air later too on the nightly
news of course that's whaling Jennings son but listen how good that music is that's that's
kind of the soft rock I don't know what you'd call that then he does great country and he's
a patriot and that song came out two years ago it's on my film police day for rise of
FEMA and made it onto the charts but it should have been number one listen to it
powerful words are powerful Larry Pratt in closing my friend thanks for the time today
gun owners dot o-r-g this is the real deal what is going to happen and we see him in
New York arresting veterans for over 10 round mags we see them doing gun confiscations all
over the country outside of law to veterans who they claim might have had PTSD 20 years
ago we see a kid says we ought to squirt that other kid with a water gun and they go and
take the dad's guns and say you'll get them back when your son moves out in eight years
when he's 18 no judge no jury the state police or even you were telling me this privately
but it's an article of info works dot com separately they're saying hey we're being
ordered to do stuff that isn't even in this law but doesn't matter it so so the police
are even saying we don't want to do this this shows how we've got a bunch of marxists running
this country financed by a bunch of offshore banks what do we do Larry I think we got a
column for what they are criminals it's certainly not legal to violate the constitution and
to talk about setting up a gun registry which is what the background check is don't let
them tell you anything else this is a gun registry the department of justice as I said
earlier has told dealers use the internet to do a background check we own that data
so this has got to be stopped because they've already got a fair number of us on record
you and I bought guns at stores so we're already there in that database not that the two of
us are likely to oh no the proud would never have any guns so we but there are a lot of
people that otherwise wouldn't be known to the government and that's how they are now
going to be known we saw them confiscate guns after Katrina please don't think that oh my
government would do that they already have done that and so this that's why this battle
is so crucial and why supporting something like Steve Stockman's bill he's the representative
from outside of Houston his bill would take away the gun free zone gun ban that's the
the thing that has been the common element in our mass murders over the last 20 years
it's about time at least in the schools we get rid of these laws so that teachers principals
janitors have the capability of having a concealed carry firearm with them to have an element
of surprise to shoot back and to make it so it's no longer likely that I'm going to kill
more people than the last guy did in this school Larry here's my issue you've been able
to stop with Gunners of America a lot of legislation when the NRA was sold out you know a decade
ago they've got a little bit better because of pressure and your pressure and that's a
good thing as Ron Paul said you're the only non-compromised gun lobby in Washington there's
a lot of other great state groups and others but I mean you guys are the ones that are
really scientifically on it historically but see they're over the top they're taking over
they're saying we're terrorists they're saying we're horrible they're saying we're culpable
for dead kids they're doing all this while butchering the rest of the Bill of Rights
they're going for it all and I think we have a tendency to hold back because of this idea
that oh it's mainstream you know to be genteel about this and and and to not go all the way
but there's no way to not call it what it is and they are a pack of lying criminals
that want to disarm us to enslave us we have a map we'll put on the TV screen for listeners
I'll have this posted on info wars.com FBI statistics for gun violence and then it says
2012 voting pattern and the crime is all in the Democratic blue areas I mean if they are
criminals they are a criminal culture I'm not even a Republican they're the Democrat
light my point is look at the Acorn findings where they go into every other Acorn and they're
like yeah we want sex slave children you want to make some cash I mean it's just these people
are gangs of lawless lunatics with moron camp followers on welfare behind them and they
mean to have a war they're training for war with us there should be a congressional hearing
over Obama's new army manual guys put up army manual gun confiscation in it it talks about
getting our social security numbers taking our guns putting us in FEMA centers this is
but it sounds so radical when it's the new army manual that's public this isn't even
classified I mean this is red alert run down the street with your hair on fire like Paul
Revere saying the new world order redcoats are here they ain't coming fast and furious
already took place and it only stopped when to the government's surprise we managed to
find out about what they were doing over 400 dead Mexicans that we know of so far connected
with those guns and a couple of our federal agents murdered by people using fast and furious
guns and it just drives me crazy to think that this is the government that thinks it
has the moral authority to decide whether you and I should be able to buy a gun I'm
sorry I don't think there should be a background check what good is it no the criminal is giving
guns to the enemy what do you think of snoop dog with all of his drug arrest and convictions
and murder arrest and then you know plea bargains and and all the gun arrest saying we need
to all turn our guns in I mean I guaranteed snoop isn't going to turn in his illegal guns
by the way it's internment and resettlement operations FM 3-3940 folks read it and weep
February 2010 I mean I'm just sick of these people in my face criminals saying turn my
gun in you first criminal go ahead sorry yeah well I think we might ought to ask the government
to start turning in their guns because they don't put them to very good use this is just
if and if they really think that guns are the problem if that's what mayor Bloomberg
for example thinks is the problem and you and I need to be disarmed mayor I'll give
some credence to your argument and I'll consider it when I see you tell the bodyguards that
you've got to go on home you're not going to need them anymore no more armed men around
you no sirree because we know that guns only make it likely that there's going to be more
violence absolutely in closing Larry Pratt I asked the question for the break and digressed
after we came back what do you think is going to happen if they succeed and clearly their
plan is to then persecute gun owners and and nickel and diamonds and and a misapplied gun
statutes like the ATF does where guys in the ar-15 m4 misfires and shoots three bullets
in front of everybody it's a military veteran no criminal record and they throw him in prison
I mean I mean clearly they want to persecute us as a litmus test they hate our guts being
criminals you have that criminal instinct to go after good men I mean what's gonna happen
because it's not just me a lot of others are saying this is going to become a civil war
this can only happen if the republicans let it happen and if they think they're going
to be immune from consequences at the polls I think they're making a very serious political
mistake there's a more conservative constituency voting in this off year coming up the drones
tend to come out more for the presidential election but the producers and the conservative
more conservative people are going to be voting there's going to be primaries and believe
me we're going to be looking for credible primary opponents to each and every one of
these republicans that votes wrong that votes to to basically do away with the second amendment
and to infringe away this is serious stuff and well Larry will have consequences before
this goes to blows like bunker hill that's what they're looking for I'm going to use
every means necessary that's non-violent and if that means picketing if that means
bullhorning if that means a politician that's anti-gun if I can sue them for something else
they're doing wrong I mean I'm pulling out the stops okay I mean I mean I I personally
am going to start you know frequenting bars that's that that anti-gun city council people
stay at and I'm going to catch them with a hooker I mean I mean I'm running I'm running
counter-terrorism against them I'm turning it loose it's time to get do what the Veritas
project does or project Veritas it I mean because we say I know these people all of
them are crooks I'm telling you 99% of these globalists are crooks and if we just start
get them on anything we can Larry it I mean this is all-out war is it not if they're declaring
it so they shouldn't be surprised if it actually happens I guess they figure that they can
get they've been used to getting away with a lot of stuff and I think that's going to
be coming to an end now I think I've never seen people this upset this long not even
after a Columbine when they were in our face pretty bad they're not upset they're probably
staging and all they stage Fast and Furious well sorry it's going to be serious stuff
so I think they better consider what they're doing I know that the servers on Capitol Hill
have been breaking down there's been so much contact coming in from us roots and they disregard
that at their parents what do you make of all the FBI and Secret Service and federal
marshals feds have been speaking out and quitting like Bongino and so many others they're really
getting wow bad guys are really running the federal government I mean this is really bad
and what there's a flip side to that to those that are in like the bonginos of the world
these are guys that are highly trained and if they're not going along with the program
they're your worst enemy mr administration history is repeating itself we are we have
front row seats to try and to stop basically Hitler in 1935 or so after he's already in
and again I know Romney was a globalist Romney basically rolled over it was all pretty much
staged but I gotta tell you I mean you know I've been critical of all these groups but
I'm telling you Obama is so much worse than I even thought and and and I mean the fact
that they're just going for it and shutting our power plants down and I mean they're trying
to it's not rhetoric they're trying to bring America down to collectivize us like Mao Zedong
did in China I mean these and they all quote Mao Zedong they say our kids belong to them
I mean they're flaming authoritarian dirtbags they're tearing down dams in the West they
want to rewild the country kind of like Romania move us all into large urban centers where
we live stacked up and they're admitted communist god help us Larry Pratt gunners dot org thank
you for always coming on to give us updates I know you're a very busy man you know have
a quick 10-minute lunch for your next I'm gonna let you go so you can eat something
yeah thank you we'll talk to you folks go to gun owners sign up and become a member
get the free alerts we'll talk to you soon Larry thanks again I mean I'm gonna be honest
with you ladies and gentlemen I mean this is just freaking me out because all I do is
watch these liars lie and use dead kids and everything else when they all know full well
and then well if you're not a TV viewer we just showed the map of everywhere that the
socialists are in control in America and that's where the crime rate is two three four five
times and then they spin it going well we do need to take all the guns of the urban
areas that's where the crime is that's because that's where you've got all the people from
countries that never had a Second Amendment who were domesticated and and roll over to
crime and that's where you've got the corrupt police forces and I know that's where it is
I mean Mexico has the highest crime rate in the world and notice everywhere on the Mexico
US border has the highest crime rate if you go pull up the numbers just type in FBI statistics
for gun violence actually put the URL up on screen for TV viewers so I can give that to
them or ask Kurt Nemo and a Don Salazar to point post that if you wanted to fix Mexico
at first it'd be like you know getting over a bad flu there'd be a high fever you would
arm everybody in Mexico get rid of all gun laws and that's all there's a few dozen cities
that have had their crime rates drop because citizens finally got guns probably legally
from the US and Mexico and they have vigilante squads and the crime rates have imploded the
criminals only come in when they know they're not going to be opposed that's government
criminals and others they've got all these Mormon communities down in Mexico where they
just have guns illegally and they've told the police and they've told the military and
they've told the cartels the same thing we're ready for war leave us alone don't come in
and they've been in control there for a few years crime rate has just disappeared and
because they have you know the the men like we don't I was your night to stay up all night
up there at the at the sharp shooting positions with the Barrett 50 cal and the night vision
I mean I mean you got four or five watchmen in a town of thousands of people and the criminals
stop showing up because they know there's somebody there with a gun on them I mean this
is not rocket science ladies and gentlemen okay they've taken all the guns in Mexico
from the people hundreds of years ago and now you I mean it's just amazing it is amazing
and I said I'd get into the globalist master plan and I even recorded some notes this morning
at points I wanted to make the middle of the night and and and all of it and I covered
some of it the first hour I'll have to do it I'll have to do it in overdrive today after
shooter Jennings leaves or I'll have to do it tomorrow on the air and I don't procrastinate
covering this it's just the magnitude is so great that I just I need to do a special report
or something and again I just want to ask listeners pray for this show because the globalist
are radical in their attack because they know that's how they take over we have to quote
be radical in our counter response it's not radical you see they lie to you normal response
they call radical they go don't be like Alex Jones that's discrediting and the people are
so mindless they go oh I better be soft-spoken and say maybe you shouldn't take our guns
you know gun have you seen the statistics guns lower the crime rate shut up baby killer
you killed the kids at Newtown when they're the ones that want to kill babies up to age
three they're the ones trying to board as many babies as they can they're a death cult
they're sick freaks they're scum they're trash they're garbage and every day I think about
how I've got to risk my life believe me I am and I my family and everything because
we cannot let them take over and again it's not because any of us that are fighting tyranny
or heroes or anything folks it's because it's in our gut yeah we actually have an FBI graphic
you guys can even show that's in the computer that goes through it and breaks it down and
shows the numbers 49% drop by the way the crew does a great job I get so focused on
finding a new role where I'm like get that document get this document and I think over
the years not my crew now but some people thought I'm like mad at them because I'm so
crazed I'm craze not craven and I just I mean I just I'm trying to stop Lenin before he
takes power I mean I mean Lord Lenin's in charge but he hasn't secured the whole country
yet you know that it took him a decade I mean
curious about what comes next next is the feeling of vulnerability you get after you
arrive home to discover your house has been ransacked by burglars fool the bad guys with
a new improved fake TV you asked for it we listened and we made our new fake TV three
times brighter than our previous model the brightness of our new fake TV is equivalent
to a 40 inch TV it simulates the color and motion of a real TV while you're away from
home and when burglars think someone is home watching television they're likely to pass
your house and move on to an easier target the new brighter fake TV is only $39.95 and
includes free shipping go to fake tv.com or call 1-877-5FAKETV that's 877-532-5388 or
go to fake tv.com fake TV the burglar deterrent hello I'm Alex Jones myself my family the
info wars.com team want to relay to you and your families that we are intensifying our
efforts against the globalist on every front info wars.com is leading the fight against
the technocrats but we can't do that without your help by getting the films bumper stickers
and t-shirts and info wars.com you will wake up people in your area and support our operation
as we move to the next level we need your help to spread the word like never before
they wish to hide themselves during this tectonic battle between the forces of freedom and
darkness you are the response to the globalist technocrats and their program of global eugenics
dehumanization and ultimate extermination the war is here it's an info war the spirit
of 1776 versus the mindset of 1984 the coming financial collapse is real the subsequent
social unrest will happen even if you made it out of suburbia alive where would you take
your family act now to secure your survival retreat in the American redoubt with the experts
at survival retreat consulting.com the American redoubt is the designated safe haven for all
liberty minded patriots relocating to Idaho Montana and Wyoming get eyes ears and boots
on the ground get professional confidential discreet advice get survival retreat consulting.com
call 208-627-2855 save time money and stress while you secure your ultimate survival retreat
property now before it's too late water energy food defense survival retreat consulting.com
survival retreat consulting.com everybody knows I'm a big Waylon Jennings fan and I'm
also a big fan of his son shooter Jennings who I've never met in person talked to him
phone quite a bit and of course a lot of his music's been used in a film like police state
for the rise of FEMA but I mean to meet him in person it's like he looks even a lot more
like his dad in person than he does even in his photographs it's amazing I don't get star
truck over just regular fun you know like anybody who's a celebrity I like people I
admire I can't tell you how many mornings we've cooked breakfast with our kids or back
when I was a kid listening to Waylon Jennings and people and I just love Waylon Jennings
so shooter Jennings is here coming in studio at the five after break in the next hour to
talk about fighting the new world order and he's kicking his nationwide tour off right
here today he's going to be outside Austin playing tonight okay let's go to the man who
was on with us Tuesday and said he predicts an imminent Bitcoin crash and it went from
260 something down to a hundred in just an hour just as he predicted and I added the
prediction that it would bounce back up which it did partially so joining us via Skype is
for this segment the next is Mike Adams from his farm from his extremist compound Mike
Adams I mean you called it some are saying that we actually caused it I say Boulder Dash
hi Alex thanks for having me on there's no way that we caused this and I mean even if
we did then that would mean the currency is so weak that it was a joke to begin with so
we couldn't have caused it just by by predicting a crash would happen at some future date but
it is true that on your show you and I predicted we called it 100% accurate that a disastrous
crash was coming it happened less than 24 hours later crashing from 266 down to 105
but the real story here is that I believe this was an attack by central bankers I believe
this is my personal belief you predicted that too on the air yes I did yes I did it unfolded
exactly as we talked about the there is a user out there called Bitcoin billionaire
who dumped bitcoins onto the market I believe this was a probe attack by the central bankers
to determine what's called the buoyancy the resilience of the Bitcoin price support by
dumping a predetermined amount into the the market and watching how much it crashes they
can then calculate the amount needed to crash it down to any desired target level so I believe
this was a central banker probe attack that could be followed by a disastrous crash which
could be accomplished with less than 1 million dollars in capital that's how vulnerable bitcoin
is to market manipulations the other important point here Alex is that the volatility of
bitcoin now proves that no large merchant will ever accept this currency so bitcoin
has failed as an experiment I'm sad to say that I wanted it to work but I have to admit
it has failed in terms of a usable currency that large scale merchants like amazon.com
would theoretically accept they won't touch it now because the one day volatility is now
over 50% even 60% meaning that merchants can't trust it as a currency that means that bitcoins
only use real real use is to buy and sell bitcoins which means it's a speculative bubble
and it means that those people who are now pushing and hyping bitcoins are really in
my opinion engaged in what can only be called the Bitcoin cult Alex this it doesn't make
rational sense.
You heard it here first the Bitcoin it was cultish I've been down on the street like
six months ago like you've got to cover this it's the greatest thing ever it will bring
them down and I'm like but they'll just short I mean I mean they're suppressing gold while
they hoard it and buy it so that's a gold cult no the elite are the ones buying that
and but I mean I again I like the idea of this type of free currency the problem is
whatever is big and whatever comes out first the enemy is going to try to blow it up that's
the basic warning it's super easy for the central banks to manipulate it to crash it
to discredit it and the main big bitcoin exchange has now frozen all transactions for 12 hours
it's a Bitcoin bank holiday Alex a Bitcoin bank holiday but you're bad because you're
right bad Mike Adams bad bad bad start getting it wrong all the time we'll give you an MSNBC
show or a CNBC show to talk to nobody you are listening to GCN visit GCN live.com today
if you want an American company with American products made by Americans here is the Cal
Ben soap company Alex and his staff have used these pure soap products for years these all
natural soaps are made from the highest quality vegetable and coconut oils that are earth
friendly and safe see them on the web at five star soap.com or call 800-340-7091 for a free
catalog buy the one to two month sample package and enjoy soaps that are twice as good as
what you're using now or save big with a one to two year supply of soaps for all your cleaning
needs this is an amazing deal you can save thousands of dollars and you will love the
way real soap makes you feel see them on the web at five star soap.com or call 800-340-7091
for a free catalog waging war on corruption Alex Jones on the GCN radio network big brother
mainstream media government cover-ups you want answers well so does he he's Alex Jones
on the GCN radio network and now live from Austin Texas Alex Jones alright right outside
that door is shooter Jennings amazing new album out I'm telling you it's just phenomenal
certainly a chip off the old block and we're going to be talking to him in studio also
give you the latest updates that are up at drugsreport.com we come back the next segment
I mean Biden has thanked MSNBC for helping destroy the Second Amendment senators are
thanking CNN I mean they are just a pack of scum I kind of love that name shooter alright
ladies and gentlemen let's go back to Mike Adams Mike again you I've been not critical
of Bitcoin I like the idea just the whole way it's been put out there like a cult my
gut told me don't be involved in it and now that's happened but it's like I said 2012
nothing was going to happen and of course I had a hard call to make but I'm still bad
because I said nothing was going to happen with it so what do you predict now with Bitcoin
in closing and thanks for joining us on a short notice what do you predict now is going
to happen and then how do we then get other real alternate digital currencies that we
do need well first of all this reinforces the importance of having physical gold so
the gold bugs are right you the gold can't evaporate overnight if you have it in your
possession so number one this is very pro gold secondly I am a proponent of the idea
of crypto currencies peer-to-peer decentralized currencies Bitcoin I'm calling it a failed
experiment at this point but it's not the end of virtual currencies I think they're
going to be more attempts more real Bitcoin 2.0 other things that will be attempted and
maybe a lot more successful and I hope they are by the way I think the central banks need
competition but right now at this point I have warned everybody that Bitcoin currently
is a zero-sum game almost almost a scheme at this point because for someone to win it
but Bitcoin someone else has to lose everybody can't win all together so if you think that
you're smarter than everyone else was buying bitcoins then by all means go ahead and risk
your life savings at it but chances are you're not and what we're really seeing with Bitcoin
is that this younger generation hasn't learned the lessons of the dot-com bubble which did
crash and did burst and did lose 99% of many people's entire life savings this younger
generation didn't live through that and they haven't seen it and they think they've discovered
some new galactic you know loophole through which everybody can become wealthy.
One reason the Chinese are investing in this so much is that they they don't invest in
it because they're gullible the general public that's a big thing in China is to ride bubbles
they've got one for an herb right now that supposedly can you know help you with swine
flu or something so I mean you know a lot of this was China pumping into it as well
I agree with you on that front now are you declaring that it's going to be dead soon
pretty much or are you saying it's not it's going to be a pure casino?
It is already a pure casino at this point until it comes back to traditional valuations
which which I would say would be something well under ten dollars a bitcoin then I would
warn people away from it now I know there are a lot of people talking up bitcoin most
of those people have bitcoins and they have everything at stake the bitcoin exchange makes
money off transactions so they want to spin everything as good news they call yesterday's
crash a that they are a victim of their own success they call it a success that it crashed
I call that a loss of a billion dollars in valuation so people put your money where it
really counts which would be some gold some farmland maybe food production technologies
maybe some foods firearms ammo that can't disappear overnight skills absolutely be smart
people don't be suckered into the latest bubble
well look I think overall it's a good idea I've been very suspicious of the whole nebulous
nature of it from the beginning and we'll see what happens so far you've been dead on
and we'll see what happens but I mean as for gold they are manipulating it on purpose now
and over 12 years it only goes up we've been proven right long term so we'll see if we're
proven right on this long term as well naturalnews.com is where you find more of Mike Adams great
work and he graciously lets us repost it at info wars.com Mike thank you so much thank
you Alex ladies and gentlemen shooter Jennings straight ahead on the other side of this break
and an update on the gun grabbing Alex Jones here with a message to fellow freedom lovers
the prognosis for the entire planetary economic system runs from bad to worse the globalist
model is to shut down societies and starve patriots out until they acquiesce to the global
takeover that's why we've assembled the most vital and important preparedness items at
info wars shop.com these are items that I did research on that I personally use you've
got the life straw so you can turn fetid water into safe water anywhere you go the Ktorr
hand crank generator to charge up key equipment during power outages are out in the field
strategic relocation third edition by Joel Skousen when disaster strikes by Matthew Stein
there are safe used by Homeland Security to protect yourself during any radiological event
and crank shortwave am FM radios everything that we've researched and found to be the
best is available at info war shop.com and your purchase makes our info war possible
we're getting prepared are you info wars shop.com you prepare by purchasing gold food and firearms
but if you don't have a home security system then you're missing a critical weapon in your
arsenal for home protection when you're sleeping or away from home who's watching out for intruders
check out simply safe it's a new do-it-yourself home security system that is completely wireless
go to getsimplysafe.com simply safe is independent and off the grid it runs on battery power
so even if the grid goes down you're protected it's completely customizable so you can use
it in your home business boat trailer storage unit or shed getsimplysafe.com simply safe
is also ridiculously easy to install yourself in under 20 minutes so there's no need to
let a stranger into your home if you move or need to relocate you can take the system
with you wherever you go you aren't always at home but simply safe will stand guard protecting
your property 24 hours a day seven days a week again that's getsimplysafe.com introducing
pro one all of your filtration in one system portable on the go no more do you have two
or three filters to just reduce sodium fluoride you have a system that cuts out the sodium
fluoride and up to 95 percent of hydrofluorosolic acid advanced manufacturing technology combines
silver impregnated white ceramic with new aqua medics advanced media for removal of
fluoride and other heavy metals all in one filter element it is the only one that does
it and out of the gates we have it discounted at 10 off with promo code water this is the
only system that in one unit helps reduce or remove pesticides herbicides chloramines
ammonia and chlorine hydrofluorosolic acid the most common form of fluoride not covered
by other fluoride filter brands and sodium hexafluorosilicate get your pro pure with
the new pro one filters today at info war store.com or by calling 888-253-3139
the alex jones show because there is a war on for your mind stepped off of the train
and this town may look kind of strange kind of rough all around you don't know what i've
been through but you better not stare better watch your mouth boy don't be a fool i need
to be scared but you need to be where you think you're on this town i don't care the
peppers they bear i'm just looking for some brothers in arms and a woman with the long
dark hair
but don't call me an outlaw i'm a motherfucker you want to run your mouth all day long you
better keep your eye on my motherfucker baby do you feel me well the album's out and it
is climbing up the charts and he's kicking off his new tour here in central texas tonight
in san marcus shooter jennings whose music is in police state for the rise of fema came
out a few years ago which i've got to say as i said earlier i mean how many stars are
in music five stars 20 stars i mean it is as good as it gets but what do you expect
he's a chip off the old block waylon jennings son uh here in studio with us first time i've
had a chance to uh actually meet him in person talk to him on the phone and on the air quite
a few times before he also collaborated with steven king of all people uh also on some
of the intros on the last album the new album uh is out and it's available on itunes everywhere
else uh it's a great country uh the other life available right now we're gonna be playing
some clips of that and we're going to talk about politics and the world he's sitting
right there we're going to him here in just a moment but the big fight on the second amendment
uh give it up uh biden says it's time to get rid of the second amendment filibuster fails
gun bill clears senate hurdle for national registration and the persecution of gun owners
as our city councilman said first we're going to register and then we're going to confiscate
your guns right here in austin democratic senator thanks cnn for its support and gun
debate biden thanks msnbc uh and senator says background checks could allow holder to create
gun registry they already do folks they've been caught highway patrol gives fed's entire
list of missouri concealed weapon permit holders a lot of the media likes to publicize those
like hitler republics the names of jews in the newspapers people could target them this
is the persecution of gun owners senator cruise says obama taking advantage of the dead kids
at newtown that's all up at drudgereport.com that's the best at having the latest breaking
news we have deep analysis and videos up at prisonplanet.com and infowars.com north korea
hasn't launched their missiles yet as another government holds us hostage you'll give us
more money world or we'll blow up japan blow up south korea blow up the u.s targeting austin
thank god most experts agree his missiles can't reach austin but they can reach the
west coast if they were lucky to not blow up on a launch pad and they can certainly
hit japan or south korea that's just the capital of south korea seoul 30 miles away from the
missile and placements so that's just some of the news out there today and we'll also
try to jam in some phone calls for shooter coming up towards the end of the hour shooter
man what a crazy world two years ago you put out your last hit album and it just did the
whole thing talking about the tyranny in the world and the big changes that were coming
and now it's happened and now you've got another album out it's great to have you here with
us man it's great to be here i really appreciate you uh letting me on the air you know i think
i've said to myself i'm not gonna really be doing many more interviews but being on this
show is is really uh i've been looking forward to it so thank you well i was looking forward
to you coming to town and then i get so busy and then i get to work they go you know this
is the day shooter's coming and it's like bam there you are yeah here we are it was
really nice to actually see you in person man why do you say you might not do a lot
of interviews anymore just sick of them yeah you know i well i get asked a lot of the same
questions and it's really been like pretty much anybody can pick up the phone get a hold
of me and these days the way that the world is turning and the way things are and the
way that i feel about things i really feel like it's important to say things when people
are going to listen and i think that uh in a case like this you know we can talk about
real issues things that bother us without worrying about what people think you know
and i don't want to deal with some uh angled press somewhere that really wants to talk
to me you know just ask me what it's like being my dad's kid or something like that
and and not really care about what i gotta say about things you know what i mean what
is it about the so-called mainstream media i think it's their training they almost always
twist what was really said i had billy corrigan on about a month ago and it was in a bunch
of newspapers but one salon article uh actually did a decent job on what the interview was
about all the others distorted it and i said wow i can't believe they actually just really
covered what we said they always try to distort on purpose like it's impressive or something
i know they they spin it in a way uh and i think this trickles down on a lot of levels
i think you have people at high levels that are they're strategically changing what they
want articles to be angled against and i think you have people low levels that just aren't
paying attention and to only pay attention to the to what these things that that strike
a chord in their mind and those are usually people that aren't aware of what's really
exactly no it's a feedback loop they've grown up in the propaganda yeah they're not even
active agents they just regurgitate exactly and that's the only thing they know it's so
funny because like people that aren't exposed to uh you know for me doing black ribbons
that was an experience in me waking up and being aware like i can't even watch my children's
children that was the last album black ribbons yeah yeah and that for me was trying to wake
other people up you know but i can't watch uh you know bubble guppies or these shows
my kids watching television without seeing something that is is is gearing them already
towards what they're supposed to think the world is like you know well it's actively
trying to take them away from you i mean i mean you watch children's programming now
it's programming i mean it's straight up yeah with the exception of certain things that
are independently done i feel like exactly you know that that we're and just like the
news just like sports programming i mean all of it you're constantly being fed uh this
this uh box that they keep you in and and how you're supposed to view the world and
what success is and what women men's relationships are and things like that you know i definitely
think that the press and the people who are uneducated about it are the people that the
perpetuated and that's their what they've got in their back pocket is they know that
90 of the world are uneducated and what's really going on and they're going to continue
to perpetuate the lie you know you're absolutely right about that wow we were talking during
the break and that was some pretty interesting stuff you want to repeat what you were saying
off air oh wait what was i saying we were just talking about the whole second amendment
thing you've got the legendary name shooter i mean what's your take on all this well see
i got real mad because right after okay first of all i have five-year-old daughters so so
the newtown thing was was heartbreaking um to hear and you know of course that i would
never uh want to say that that those kind of things should be allowed to happen or whatever
because that's the way they like to attack you if you're trying to protect the guns thing
but i was listening i was taking my five-year-old daughter to school every morning and every
morning i would tune in to your program um on the way there and on the way back and it
was all the weeks leading up and months leading up to newtown it was like you had a soldier
who was on anonymously who had said that they had been training them on taking away the
weapons and and you were saying right then all we need is one thing everyone was saying
everyone it's it's easy and logical if you know what's going on that all they need is
one event that's going to pull on the heartstrings of america and allow them to make everyone
want to give up their guns now i'm not saying that that i think that obama directly had
the children in newtown shot that's not what i'm saying what i'm saying is however it led
to this event that event is the event and which has caused everyone to start giving
up their weapons now i had an advertisement i have a radio show i do on serious xm an
outlaw country every saturday no i've heard it yeah yeah and so i had an ad for my christmas
show and it was after all this and and i like i do my own graphic art and stuff and i do
things that are just crazy and funny i i took santa claus and put my head on some kid who
sit on santa claus and just to art it up i always put blood splatters and little things
that are around my name and everything it wasn't like directly related to santa claus
and the children i just had this blood splatter thing as a kind of background coloring of
the thing and uh just because that's what i do and i had so many people get so angry
about me posting this and it made me mad because because it was after newtown or whatever and
i said why do we have to freaking sanitize our culture every time one of these things
happen you know rage against the machine their entire catalog was banned from the radio tom
rell is a friend of mine and and and people have different opinions of of what he says
but i really strongly believe in his in his outlook on things and they banned their entire
catalog from the radio after 9 11 for several months and it's like what are you doing well
same thing with the dixie chicks when they criticize the war and uh yeah i mean four
people that are on the left he's one of the best people out there he'll actually truly
criticize he's been critical of obama but but expanding on that that's what the soviets
would do is they're putting the guilt on all shooters shooter no pun intended uh show that
we'll do what they say when the fbi's own numbers show 49 drop in violent crime uh in
the last 20 years because of gun proliferation the predators are absolutely scared but then
they want to say oh a child can't have a bubble gun a child can't have a water gun oh you're
kicked out of school you talked about playing cowboys and indians or cops and robbers this
is the sovietization of our country exactly and it's like the you know them going into
movies after 9 11 and removing the twin towers like like what happened to never forget they
want you to not remember you know it's the memory hole yeah and it just or taking trailers
out from movies that show shoot-em-ups yeah oh my god or not showing movies or what was
that one movie uh that you know about the phone booth i think it was called or something
all that stuff happens it's like what are you doing it's like that's not the problem
why are we spending money and time and all these but everyone has a bleeding heart thing
about them and they like to jump on that bandwagon whether it's it's towards the right cause
or not the right cause or whatever but when sure they make it easy and and kind of a fake
sentimentality just just kind of easy get on the bandwagon feel good about yourself
come on turn your guns in while the government's buying billions of rounds of ammo uh giant
armored vehicles and i have the army manuals training to confiscate our guns it's like
they're getting all these guns going now turn yours in we'll be real nice once this happens
of course i mean it's two plus two equals four i mean of course they can kiss my ass
i'm concerned with all that it makes me so angry i love it oh my goodness man let me
tell you i i don't pimp is an overused word but that new album this piece of vinyl that'll
drive howard stern crazy uh this you know he's these arguments with papa buoy about
a piece of vinyl versus a record but let me tell you i that is an amazing record cover
right there and you designed that huh uh well actually a guy named keith kneltner did the
artwork on this one who was an amazing artist hey is this guy here on the back here in the
office that's me right there we did we did a film that goes along with the movie that
we're gonna roll out later this year and in that film i was ended up getting shaved and
all this stuff in a morgue and this is all took place in the morgue it all kind of ties
into the film but oh wow wow look at that music video right there tell us the name of
that oh yeah that is the other life that is the first music video from the title track
that is actually part of the film this is the if you when someone watches the film which
is 35 minutes long this is actually the first three minutes of it but it also has been served
as a music video for us wow we're going to talk about all that when we come back and
give you his websites because there's several of them shooter jennings is our guest well
that's a neat symbol right there yeah man that's that's the death shield that uh that
keith designed we'll be back has a revolutionary wonder food for detoxing the body and rebuilding
the immune system micro plant powder can help unclog arteries and soften heart valves while
removing heavy metals virus fungus bacteria and parasites plus it cleans and purifies
the blood lungs stomach and colon keep your body clean with micro plant powder order today
at 888-910-4367 or visit hempusa.org hi this is ted anderson have you ever wondered why
banks stockbrokers investment advisors won't talk about gold iras they've been available
since 1986 yet the financial industry won't recognize the value of gold for your retirement
gold is outperformed paper investments yet no word about iras if you would like to have
gold for your retirement call 800-686-2237 don't get left behind by rising inflation
low returns call 800-686-2237 secure your future and call 1-800-686-2237 we all know
that berkey water purification systems are the most trusted name in water filtration
as an authorized berkey dealer for over six years and serving thousands of satisfied customers
the berkey guy offers amazing specials for berkey water filtration systems the berkey
light systems include a set of self-sterilizing and re-cleanable black purification elements
that purify water by removing chlorine pathogenic bacteria cysts and parasites to non-detectable
levels and remove harmful chemicals such as herbicides and pesticides order the berkey
light system today complete with two black berkey elements for only 231 and the berkey
guy will ship your order free of charge with the purchase of a berkey light the berkey
guy is also offering a set of fluoride and arsenic filters for only $39.99 that's over
30% off the retail price call the berkey guy at 1-877-886-3653 that's 1-877-886-3653 or
order online at goberky.com that's goberky.com today in the last two years alone the u.s. has seen huge losses to our food supply in 2011 storms and floods raged across the u.s. costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone in 2012 we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years you may think out of sight out of mind and so you don't think you will be affected the fact is you are we all are food shortages drive prices up for everyone you might not be able to control mother
nature but you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability of your
food supply with efoods direct be prepared before you need it with nutrient dense food
you can store for up to 25 years you can hope for the best but hope won't feed you do what
i've done and get your own supply of the best durable foods out there from efoods direct
call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at efoods direct.com forward slash alex and
check out their spring specials again that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web at efoods
direct.com forward slash alex you can bet your life on efoods direct
imagine waking one morning only to find your family shivering in the dark because you couldn't
afford to pay your electric bill that's closer than you think you probably haven't heard
about this yet because the liberal media has been suppressing what is fast becoming the
most shocking news story of 2012 obama's secret war on coal that could increase your already
high power bill as much as 400% in coming months as shocking as it sounds it may well
be just a matter of time before the lights start going out across america but here's
some good news there's an underground video at exposed123.com that thousands of smart
patriots have used to end their slavery to the corrupt electricity monopoly the video
at exposed123.com has already been banned by google and the liberal media is doing everything
in its power to take it down and keep america in the dark so watch it now at exposed123.com
before it's too late again that's exposed123.com from the front lines of the information war
that's alex jones this life is a dream i wake up i see your face smiling over at me and
you tell me that you love me and i light up when you touch me and this life is all that
's a little bit of shooter jennings new the other life and that's also the name of the
album the last album that's amazing as well as black ribbons and it's so varied i mean
you know if some of its outlaw country sounds some of it what would you call uh of the um
the top track on black ribbons i mean you cover a bunch of different genres what would
you call it man i it's music i guess for me i grew up an mtv kid you know so i i was absorbed
at all my dad's stuff and i love country music but i really fell in love with country music
at a later point i was a rock and roll kid growing up so to me it's not interesting if
you don't bring it all in you know what i mean and i don't but you do it all so well
thank you man well genres are built just like they put you in a box in society as genres
are built to put music in boxes what would you call summer of rage i don't know what
to call that man i don't know it's like it's like like you said it's kind of like soft
rock but it's kind of programmed drums kind of pink floyd it's kind of you know this that
and radio heady i exactly i just yeah i mean soft rock's almost a terrible name but you
think of that as i don't even know the word for it hey i love me some logins of messina
dude don't you yeah but i mean no you can do it all i mean that's that's the thing is
some people can do one thing really well i'm not kissing your ass it's true thank you it's
just all good i mean there's not a bad track on black ribbons thank you and i got to be
honest things always sneak up on me this this album's been out a few weeks going up the
charts and they've had it saying hey you know come over and check this out i've been so
busy i haven't even tuned into it yet and what i've heard sounds amazing thank you tell
us about the new album and the film that's coming out then we'll get more into politics
in the next segment well the new album the other life is kind of like a dark mirror to
my last record family man but it's uh i'm really proud of the record um and then blake
judd who's a very good friend of mine from lexington kentucky he and i've worked on several
videos we shot a 35-minute long film that we've just finished we're going to be airing
it at our shows if you get a vip package to our shows that we're doing you can see a early
screening of it but we're going to be rolling it out throughout the year in different mediums
but it's a it's a film and dude it's actually got for what it is it's got deep deeply rooted
ties in like the book of enoch and sacred geometry and things about change and rebirth
and all that so you know it's it's pretty wild i'm into you know i get into all that
stuff anyway i'm i'm into fighting the new world order i'm also into to reading every
kind of religion well you need to know about that stuff because they're obsessed with it
but use it for bad yeah yeah man absolutely and you know everything from Dianetics to
the book of enoch i've read it all i get into absorbing what what is what cultures are obsessed
with religion and and these kind of every angle yeah every angle of it you know so so
it all kind of comes out but i'm real proud of the record uh you know and shooter jennings
dot com is the place to kind of stay where you can find out where the film's going to
be and and all that shooter jennings dot com you know everybody's given their kids names
today which i think is cool like you know rocker or or uh you know shooter or gunner
but one of my friends you know uh son's just named uh you know rocker and he is he is a
really cool kid he can do back flips and stuff and uh on um on the wakeboards but i mean
having the cool name shooter for a long time that's cool as a little kid it sucked man
because it's real easy to turn that into something like pooter or something when you're in school
you know i hate this name but you know but by about 20 i was like yeah it's pretty all
right it's treated me good do the girls like it the girls like it now they do my son's
name is blackjack so i'm waiting to get old enough to do you blackjack jennings yeah oh
my goodness yeah man you know but it's it's cool man my real name is wayland but he nicknamed
me shooter from the day i was born i've always been called that and cops call me wayland
that's about it oh when they get the id card exactly wayland jennings like really they
like to make an example out of me that's been fun they always do though they always sometimes
they don't know who you are and they think waylon jennings who do you think you are boy
exactly or when they find out that i am they're like well we're gonna definitely throw the
book at him make an example out of him that he's not gonna get off it because he's wayland
jennings son you know anytime i've been in trouble they've usually tried to make an example
out of me there's there you go that's the system for you and what's the point of that
i don't get how like the corrupt are supposed to always get off in the system and then good
guys they go after them yeah i guess they're good old boys never doing harm they're in
trouble with the laws of the day they were born there you go exactly man you know that
kind of gets cheesied by the dukes of hazard which is still a funny show but we actually
listen to that song that's a really good short country song it is man you know and he wrote
it the funny story about that is that he was he was supposed to write the song and couldn't
write it couldn't write could write it and they were on their way to the screening for
the for the networks of the first episode of the film and he wrote it in the bathroom
on the way that day and just coming up with something you know i mean and it's funny that's
like his biggest hit you know so as a kid you know everybody watched dukes of hazard
so it's easy to kind of be like yeah my dad did that song you know that's everyone knows
that show but it's actually kind of poetic even though it's simple yeah i'm just a good
old boy you know my mama loves me you know it's like she don't understand they keep a
show in my hands not my face on tv you know that's right but anyways we're gonna get more
into your new record when we come back and talk about fearlessness you were talking about
that during the break and where you think society's going because what black ribbons
came out two years ago two years ago and i feel like it's more true now than it was then
it just it's amazing it's not just evergreen it's like a blossoming evergreen yeah man
i'd say it's just everybody is so afraid of everything and that's the way they and the
answer is get over the fear yeah yeah you have to be fearless to be able to walk into
the fire you know what i mean you have to be able to not be afraid to lose your life
for your anything and that will be right back with shooter jennings straight ahead yeah
we're on the march the empire's on the run alex jones and the gcn radio network
you may be arrested and or subject to other police action tyranny is here the grim future
foretold in 1984 has become reality it really says that the state is god the united states
is now recognized globally as one of the most oppressive police states on earth this film
conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of fema camps now being expanded nationwide
this documentary exposes how the continuity of government program has established an all-powerful
shadow state police state four chronicles the sickening depth to which our republic
has fallen prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship body scanners
sound cameras citizen spies stage terror and cameras on every street corner it's only the
beginning of the new world order's hellish plan the police state isn't coming it's here
secure your copy today at info wars.com or see it online in the highest quality at prison
planet.tv in the last two years alone the us has seen huge losses to our food supply
in 2011 storms and floods raged across the us costing us 20 billion in lost crops alone
in 2012 we saw the largest drought in the country in more than 50 years you may think
out of sight out of mind and so you don't think you will be affected the fact is you
are we all are food shortages drive prices up for everyone you might not be able to control
mother nature but you can control your food prices by freezing the cost and availability
of your food supply with efoods direct be prepared before you need it with nutrient
dense food you can store for up to 25 years you can hope for the best but hope won't feed
you do what i've done and get your own supply of the best durable foods out there from efoods
direct call 800-409-5633 or visit them on the web at efoods direct.com forward slash
alex and check out their spring specials again that number is 800-409-5633 or on the web
at efoods direct.com forward slash alex you can bet your life on efoods direct now that
we have moved into the winter season there is an increased need to support our immunity
and health at silver lungs we are committed to meeting your needs by providing a full
selection of silver based products our most popular silver based products are the 32 ounce
nano silver solutions our 2 ounce nano silver nasal applicators as well as our all natural
silver soaps just released is our 100 percent natural silver gel our new silver gel is not
based on synthetic gelling agents which quickly evaporate and leave the silver at the surface
but rather we have formulated our silver gel using the natural skin nourishing chemistry
of aloe vera to quickly penetrate and nourish the skin while delivering the silver more
effectively visit www.silverlungs.com and click on our store page to find what silver
based products are best for you that's www.silverlungs.com
The Alex Jones Show just a good old boy never meaning no harm beats all you never saw been
in trouble with the law since the day they was born straightening the curves, yeah, flattening
the hills someday the mountain might get over the law never will taking away the only way
they know how that's just a little bit more than the law of the mind
Monday through Friday from 11 a.m. until 2 p.m. central we're here live back weeknight
seven o'clock with info wars nightly news it's now in its second year of beta we have
got cable networks you name it just begging us every day we got more cable systems wanting
to pick it up as soon as we syndicate it which we're trying to get the reporters trained
the stuff in the equipment the new studio built all thanks to your support please become
a prison planet.tv subscriber 11 memberships for $5.95 a month that's one membership can
be used by 11 people with the same username passcode simultaneously operation awaking
the sleeping giant be sure and support us cuz I get so wound up we're two and a half
hours into this show and I haven't plugged anything on air and that's really where radio
is able to pay the bills as you're the host plugging in and out of breaks their own sponsors
their own stuff and I got a stack of sponsors paid ready to be plugged on air I won't even
do it that's how obsessed I am with fighting the globalist and thank God you've been buying
the books the videos all the materials off info war store.com because believe me you're
loading bullets in the info cannon every time you go and buy t-shirts bumper stickers you
name it all pro second amendment pro liberty anti-gmo it's not about left and right it's
about right and wrong and you and I love he's not being politically correct the gunslinger
tour 2013 kicks off right here in central Texas tonight and I'm just honored that shooters
kicking it off in central Texas San Marcos absolutely and right here on our show so I'm
honored and the albums out now climbing up the charts the other life the last big album
I say you need to get it as well that's black ribbons and of course we have some of that
in the film the FEMA film that we put out the rise of FEMA as you now see that's happening
and shooter Jennings is here with us go to shooter Jennings.com to get the album and
to see the trailer for the new movie that they're premiering at their VIP showings before
I guess they're after the concerts and I know a lot of your shows are sold out because about
a year ago you were in town and it was a couple days before and I heard about it and it was
sold out is tonight already sold out down in San Marcos?
I don't think so man it's funny because like I don't think most of the shows aren't sold
out you know which is your awesome one was a year ago or so when you were here it may
have been it may have been I think I think that was when we were here with Cody Canada
the departed maybe I think that we were doing a little tour with them that when you're with
Willie Nelson you play with them too a lot of you sometimes yeah man you know his son
Lucas is really I don't know if you've ever checked him out he's real good and his album
is called The Promise The Real and he's kind of in our mindset you know.
Yeah I was talking to some of my friends that went and saw Willie recently and they said
his son was out there like him and smoking his arm sounds just like him it was amazing
the two together yeah we're doing it Lucas and I are doing a record together we're about
halfway done with it oh wow so that's good that's gonna be a cool thing too and it's
really more like a English rock sound and southern sounded English rock kind of Dave
Mustang was here two weeks ago I know that guy I mean I've never met him but I've like
seen his all his talk I love how he says what he wants yeah he says what he wants it's just
that we ended up hanging out with Willie's son that was that was amazing Willie Nelson
Dave Mustang a Megadeth now getting back to what you were saying during the break I mean
where it's all going getting out of this fear box yeah and we were talking about Obama get
back into that well yeah man you know I do believe that at this day and age you have
to be fearless like that moves on every level musically or what you make I think what you
say all that kind of stuff the fearlessness is the thing you have to have to make a change
because they the one thing that the government the one thing that the record labels all these
radio they like to keep the fear of not being included is part of a big thing they want
to control the system but we're close to breaking that yeah it's like in music alternative media
yeah yeah right you're right I mean in the you know the boxes they keep us and you have
to think outside of those boxes and like it's like with Obama man I mean it's like I tell
everybody it doesn't matter if it's Obama or Republican candidate at this point whoever
makes it to the very furthest point to be be the two people you're choosing between
both of those people two generations back go back to the same people controlling the
people controlling the banks pulling the strings the people whose whose investments are being
protected by whoever is going to be the president I had lots of people and they get mad at me
all the time for saying this call me conspiracy theory and crazy but you know that when Obama
happened they were just like oh it's all going to change now he's going to fix it it's so
nice it's so wonderful and yes and it is great for the history of black America and the oppression
and all those things that happening but the reality get rid of all those you know glistening
facts that make it the whole experience so magical you look at the end of the day it's
the same people that are pulling the strings and they're never going to have our interests
and somebody like Ron Paul if he was younger and also he would never get to that point
they're never going to let that happen it's going to have to be somebody who's got an
agenda on the inside to break the system who's not letting the outside people know about
it to get into that wow that's profound you know I thought that a lot either we change
things as a cultural revolution of liberty person by person that's the surest path but
yes there are more and more people who are kind of halfway sold out who more and more
are clicking yeah it's not even so much that they've infiltrated as a liberty lover it's
that they're starting to get where this road leads and they look in their children's eyes
just like you say in summer of rage thanks man it's true it's true man and it's like
we're in a we're in a place where the only way and you know David Ike said this and it's
something that I and it was in a very small issue he was talking about there something
to do with the garbage cans in London but spying on you with chips yeah but yeah but
like saying that the only way to get to to have success in fighting this kind of oppression
is for everyone to bond together in defiance like to say we're not gonna do what you're
telling us exactly no I've said that stop complying at every level yeah stop complying
you have to you know like it says in this summer age speak loud when they try to science
when they try to silence and withhold when they try to fight us and that's the thing
you know say we're not gonna fight you when you want us to fight you and we're not gonna
be quiet when you want us to be quiet I forget the Berkeley speech during the civil rights
movement but the man says you got to put yourself against the machine yeah and just say look
I'm not going to stop until you stop and that's it just they put up this image that we've
all got to be heroes by ourselves and fix it all overnight and slay the dragon like
King George instead it's lots of little battles we've got to just put our weight against the
machine and folks if you can't put a lot of weight that's fine put a little weight because
I'm going to tell you once you start putting a little weight it feels so good to resist
just you're gonna put all your weight and that's why there's this small community mom
and pop stores right now in this economic decline it's so important to strengthen the
small community because those corporations are starting to fail they don't get that success
they want this goes I'll go 10 miles out of my way to go to a mom and pop even if the
food isn't as good I agree I agree because it's like if you can strengthen that that
small community that's how communities bond together that's how revolutions happen you
know and I really believe that and the same goes for country radio if you want to use
it as a metaphor for country radio and the way it works you have all this pop glistening
they tried to block your dad yeah it keeps going back to that didn't work the only way
that that did backfired the reason why it backfired is because they amassed a real community
of fans just like a revolution who they couldn't ignore anymore it's like all of a sudden they're
selling as many tickets in his records as the pop acts without the help of the machine
you're able to take over the machine and they did and that's why outlaw country so important
anything yeah when the government's a bunch of crooks the Patriots are gonna be the outlaws
exactly exactly it's just like the founding fathers were outlaws that's what they called
them and it's like every Western movie you ever watched there's the corrupt sheriff that
oppresses the entire town and the outlaws come to town defeat the corrupt sheriff and
free the people that happens in every one of them and it's and it's kind of what it's
the exact same thing well because well that really happened thousands of times yes in
real history cases yeah yeah exactly in the Wild West and everything and it happened you
know with the American Revolution it happened with everything well and so many times you'd
have a corrupt railroad boss or I mean you see those Clint Eastwood movies those are
based on a lot of real cases that we've covered on air with Pinkerton security would come
in to muscle people and finally they kill some little girl a little boy and just one
guy would stand up and then usually he might get killed but then everybody stood up yeah
and see that's what the system knows they know that if they kill myself Ron Paul or
somebody like that and make it obvious that it doesn't actually scare people when they
see the Patriot get destroyed it's like obi-wan Kenobi by Darth Vader he lets him do it yeah
he looks over and okay I'm really gonna beat you watch this yeah and then the Jedi's rise
up you know and that and that's the truth man and that's why you have to be fearless
and you have to just like you do every day no matter what people think about you you're
gonna say what you think and there's nobody who's gonna tell you off-camera so what to
say or sway you in a direction have you had any trendies tell you not to call it the gunslinger
tour you know what's funny is that hasn't happened because there's been more controversy
over a couple bloggers and people thinking I was putting death threats out on them with
the song gunslinger before but I'm sure it'll hit us but you know the theme the lyrics that
song are about being misunderstood it says don't you know don't call me an outlaw I'm
a gunslinger it's like it's a different so I'm not I'm not I'm not here to make a ruckus
I'm here to actually get a job done you know what I mean and that's kind of what I think
I'm standing up I'm real I'm not a slave yeah I'm a gunslinger yeah yeah man yeah you know
well expanding on that that's a thing now in the culture in this weird nanny state people
use it to peck at somebody yeah and I know you've been very successful have you ever
noticed that people manufacture now these cosmologies to then say someone is bad so
they can produce a drama oh well of course I mean that that happens all the time you
look at the way that they you know I'm again I don't I never supported George Bush I don't
support Obama but you look at the way that when George Bush was on his way out and the
economy went down and they were able the media was able to just be like let's put all of
the focus on how bad of a president George Bush was so that the new guy coming in is
going to seem amazing you're a theater guy you see that they were wetting everyone's
appetites the bush people run the Obama people so they destroy destroy him to make the Savior
look good so they would sell the whole agenda I mean it's all scripted yeah yeah it's it's
so it's it's so beyond scripted and it makes me laugh it's like that movie wag the dog
we were talking about the other day and Ryan our tour manager goes you actually think they
do that and like they do it they did it a year later after it came out in Kosovo the
very same thing yeah well it's the same thing the little girl oh we've got it the song Willie
Nelson sings about the brown shoe oh we got to come up with a song about a shoe it's gonna
make everybody's heartstrings about the fallen soldier you know and it's like god bless the
soldiers of America like I'm beyond behind well exactly but while they're taking their
guns and putting them in psychiatric facilities for no reason they then use them to wrap their
agenda while their internal documents say they hate the veterans exactly man of course
man and then finish your point about the veterans I interrupt well no I'm just saying that I
think that you know the veterans are the thing in this country that that that are on the
front line and they're going to do the right thing always by it but I just feel bad for
the fact that at the top of the chain there are people that are not looking out for the
well see that's why the globalists love and hate the troops who want to go to all robots
and drones in their own words so they'll thought that you know follow orders unquestioningly
and engage in war crimes yeah they've got to try to find the psychos and promote them
into black ops and CIA but there aren't actually that many of them because people that really
have courage most of the time do it because of a guardian instinct and they've said once
they see the lie they revolt that's why every authoritarian tyranny once it fully takes
over wipes out the good police and military yeah that's why the police and military who
don't know history need to understand if they fully take over which they're really trying
to do now you're the first people they're coming after yeah it's just it's just I wish
that that more you know police and these things actually have full disclosure as to what was
really going on because a lot of the time it's just guys operating in the dark compartmentalize
yeah and so you don't know how many soldiers come up to me at show then shows and tell
me that that my music and Hank threes music and other people have really gotten them through
hard times overseas and that's beyond something I can even comprehend because here I am you
know just I talk a lot but I'm in the studio working in the safety of my own quarters and
get to go home and be with my children and all this stuff and they're over there fighting
the front line for us and for our freedom and so it's like it breaks my heart to see
so much corruption going on behind the you know closed doors and well exactly you can't
take away the fact that they're in a horrible situation and most of them signed up believing
it was good even if they were conned and it's a lie it doesn't make them bad who it makes
bad is now it's been well not declassified WikiLeaks they confirm it's real of course
that they have torture camps everywhere but these special contractors the troops don't
know they deliver the families in trucks there with bags over their heads and the trap talk
the troops that's why they go back and commit suicide when they see some pot-bellied pedophile
at the army camp taking a little girl in the guy didn't know what to do and goes home and
blows his head off no don't blow your head off go speak out against what they're doing
in the black sites yeah you see what I'm saying well it's terrible and it's it's terrible
conditions in a lot of cases and then the worst thing that I see and I've heard about
is just how they treat the veterans after they come back it's just like after Vietnam
they come back and they're all you know they're strung out on drugs and there's these things
then they don't have a home and you got these terrible situations for veterans and it's
like now you know they've been in Afghanistan I mean there's the abundance of heroin the
abundance of all these kind of things going on over there and it's just the things they
see the things they have to do I just hope that they really in the future we have better
treatment for veterans well I mean people back in the cowardly Empire yeah you know
out here they're scared of the troops when they come home because they're scared of men
yeah they're scared of they're scared of people they shouldn't be scared of and then they're
not scared of the government who they should be concerned about yeah yeah I agree and they
but they don't know a lot of people don't know what's going on you know this interview
we got about 15 minutes left here with you shooter and we're gonna go to an interview
for the nightly news then I'll dole that out there sometime next week shooter Jennings
dot-com after you leave here what is it that you want to talk about that you forgot to
talk about but let's get in the time machine and come back to right now man that's hard
to even say my mind gets going so fast same area but it's you know I'm just I'm just happy
to be here and with you and talk about these kind of things because it does weigh on me
man it's like I look at my kids growing up in this world and I look at what things are
going to be and and it scares me it scares me that anybody just doesn't listen and doesn't
open their mind to these things you know and it's musically people don't open their mind
to music people don't know there's a whole wave of underground country artists that don't
get any exposure because radios gatekeepers keep them out oh they put horrible fluff I
can't listen to it's terrible even the so-called old-fashioned country stations air all this
new stuff yeah and then they have they have whatever you call you know just like in government
they have patsies that they set up they have artists they set up as their kind of outlaw
country artists that they're trying to appease that appetite for but yet are still just part
of the organization just puppets you know and it's just like everything operates on
such a level that could be a same metaphor for the government you know but ultimately
just talking about all this stuff and just just being able to have the freedom of speech
to do it is what I enjoy doing being on here so what do you think is going to happen as
the economy implodes as they rob the bank accounts in Europe Cyprus other places if
they really try to keep pushing and and name libertarians constitutionalist conspiracy
theorists and say we're bad I mean that's a throwaway line I don't want to hear culturally
what you're saying that's totally pertinent you're just a theorist because you don't trust
known liars I mean I'm worried about civil war in this country I am too because you look
at with the treaty or with the deal that they're signing down here against Obamacare a lot
of the people turning it's that I don't like to see everybody so disjointed I'd rather
see two sides to be honest with you then I would like to see all these different things
but I think that that that what happens is the right side tends to get too caught up
in some of the religious aspects and the abortion aspects all those things that the gay aspect
the gay marriage and all that they really even the the weed thing like what I really
would prefer to happen and I believe that all of that stuff I think I am a person who
does believe that each individual has a choice to whatever they want to do but I also think
that a lot of those those things are what's keeping progression on both the left and the
right sure the system uses it as a diversion football issue not meaning people don't have
points on the issues on both sides the issue is is it's used to distract from all the other
why are we giving 85 billion dollars a month to foreign banks and then no one even knows
that I know I know and yeah and I agree it's a distraction so I hate to see all that happen
I just you know I would love to see someone stand up as a public figure that would actually
have the interest of people in mind that could really relate to the youth as well as as the
older generation you know I think we're going to need something like that I think it'll
happen I honestly am a big supporter of even this anonymous you do you follow anonymous
in the in the college rape trial thing that was happening with that there's like the football
team yes raped all the anonymous went through and revealed all this stuff and expose the
corrupt sheriff and the and now the sheriff and the school we're talking this well look
at WikiLeaks I've thought that's too good to be true but now it's releasing that Kissinger's
a known criminal that they're torturing kids yeah I mean I don't think they're releasing
that on purpose no no wonder they've been torturing Manning yeah yeah I mean maybe that's
terrible by the way that the Manning situation that the hacker just now that died and the
committed suicide in New York over all the pressure that was down on him when he'd done
a lot of good things yeah I mean sure there's things that they're really well they're now
going for whistleblowers stay there shooter Jennings is our guest amazing interview shooter
Jennings calm digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins that
bears repeating digestive health is the key to wellness and elimination of toxins and
pro em one daily probiotic cleanse is the key to digestive health pro em one is a powerful
liquid probiotic strong enough to cleanse gentle enough to use every day pro em one
is dairy wheat and soy free contains all natural and certified organic ingredients contains
no preservatives or animal products supports a healthy digestive and immune system supports
weight loss improves absorption of food nutrients aids in controlling yeast infections is never
freeze-dried and uses three groups of live viable beneficial microbes to cleanse and
remove toxins order pro em one daily probiotic cleanse at tereganics.com spelled t e r a
g a n i x.com tereganics.com or call toll free eight six six three six nine three six
seven eight that's eight six six three six nine three six seven eight pro em one the
raw probiotic hello this is ty bolinger author of the best-selling book cancer step outside
the box i want you to know some very important information in 1985 president ronald reagan
requested that carnivora be sent directly to the white house at a time when only the
president could obtain this world-class healer now 27 years later carnivore capsules are
used around the world to keep people healthy now you can protect yourself and your loved
ones in this age of superbugs with 17 naturally occurring compounds that instinctively respond
to abnormal cells only without harming a single normal cell if you want to stay healthy now's
your chance to literally wake up your critical immune cells to attack harmful invaders that
don't belong in your body call one eight six six venus fly or order from carnivora.com
that's c a r n i v o r a.com that's one eight six six eight three six eight seven three
five one eight six six venus fly or visit carnivora.com protect your immune system it's
the only one you've got nothing is more american than diamond gusset jeans 100 percent american
made since 1987 soft and broken in from the start yet more rugged and durable than any
gene you've ever worn have you ever experienced missized jeans from china well you won't with
diamond gusset every pair is crafted to fit exactly the same and always feel like they
were custom made need a 35 37 or 39 waist how about a 31 inseam we keep all sizes in
stock for the fit you need looking for a relaxed fit slim fit regular fit boot cut or straight
leg we got you covered buy the world's best fitting jeans at gusset.com or call one eight
eight eight gusset get free gusset targets for the next time you go to the shooting range
with the purchase of their new ranger gene use code comfort when ordering to receive
free shipping and all gusset orders at gusset.com that's gusset.com to get only the best all
american jeans i hear the train a coming it's rolling around the bend and i ain't seen the
sunshine i don't know when i'm stuck in fools in prison we're back live with shooter jenings
ladies and gentlemen and we're gonna be doing the nightly news tonight i don't know i'm
gonna air the interview tonight we do with him i may dole it out next week for prison
planet tv viewers but um wow the new album is out the other live shooter jennings certainly
an iconoclast uh smart guy very interesting and and check this out check out of your tv
viewer uh they've got the new record out on vinyl and it is purple i mean the uh the tv
camera cannot pick up how rich that is man that is that is cool man it's always the presentation
is just as important to me is that you know when i was a kid i used to listen to record
there's another way they've ruined everything because we have everyone downloads records
as a kid i used to buy cds and sit in my room and listen to it and just look at all the
art and look at all the imagery and and kind of tie it all together you know and that seems
like a very lost art i like the black shield it's i mean uh the heraldry in it it's very
striking yeah it was kind of like a family crest design was the idea behind it and that's
why you know the last record we did a variation of it from this for this record we uh we have
uh uh that being the kind of central logo for the record and i think it kind of a lot
of things tie in that's a powerful you hadn't even told me it was a crest that's what i
got from it yeah like keith kneltner that artist man he's got great vision and working
with a guy like that is is really a pleasure what is the idea here like like what's the
symbology you know a lot of the record is has been my journey and kind of uh kind of
really understanding being myself without with fearlessness you know dealing with fearlessness
i mean dealing with with what i i feel uh i'm expected to give to the wayland fans what
i feel like i'm expected to give to my fans what i feel like all that and i think a lot
of the record in this film we made one part of it is like my hair gets cut and i get shaved
and it's like kind of like what's underneath all that a little bit is the real me you know
as opposed to what what people think that i'm supposed to be or the perception of me
and i think it's coming to terms with the fact that not everybody's gonna like me but
i gotta put forth what is me you know by speaking my mind doing what i want to do regardless
what anybody else is gonna think even the wayland fans even as much as i love my dad
and he was a great dad and i'm proud of it i have to step out of that and say you know
the very first line of the album that happens it says do you know who you are and that actually
was as small of a piece that is was written during uh black ribbons and it's really about
and and this is what i encourage with any artist that asked me what they should do as
an artist is be yourself you know now expanding on that uh expanding on that you are absolutely
right and if you're not real and true to yourself and if you don't even try to discover who
you really are you will just take on the programming so really you're saying be conscious
really live be a human don't be a dumbed down animal i mean good or bad it doesn't matter
you can't always make the right decision in life but you have to own every decision you
make and you can't i've learned this the hard way i've learned it by by being dishonest
with people i've learned it by being untrue to myself making decisions that weren't true
to myself and then paying for that later and people know it when you're not putting something
real out there and i think when if you put something real out there and it strikes a
chord with someone that's when it matters well more and more i've known this for decades
but now it consumes my life and i didn't even know about the new record you know i mean
i knew you were coming and i'm just focusing on it now because everybody gets caught up
and busy sure but but everything in my life is accelerating and i think it's happening
to other people as well in a quickening towards i only want to be around people that are real
even if i don't agree with them or completely like some of what they do i'm sick of fakeness
and lies and and bs man i agree it's like i don't have a problem you know these pop
country artists i don't have a problem with their personal journey don't say there's anything
wrong with it but the thing i have a problem with is insincerity and and the music that's
put out there in the to the masses is insincere the news that is put out there to masses is
controlled and insincere the most of what you receive on your daily programming from
advertisement to to to subway stations versus cold-blooded manipulation it is it is you're
right you know i mean i have a buddy that had some hit country songs and he got so tired
of being fake and putting out the pop they wanted that he quit yeah and i mean he was
making a lot of money and successful and he said that he said everything who they say
you like what you do everything is scripted i'm not going to be fake we'll be right back
in fallwars.com you're awesome brother we're going to be right back do five more minutes
with you shooter jennings stay with us nightly news tonight seven o'clock devastating events
like earthquakes tornadoes floods hurricanes or the threat of martial law have highlighted
the need for americans to prepare for emergencies as a result millions are stockpiling food
gold and weapons but how will these items help if you or one of your loved ones becomes
ill supernatural silver is the ultimate tool to prepare you for a medical emergency supernatural
silver is a natural antibiotic that is uniquely effective against bacteria viruses moles and
fungus and is remarkable for wound care taken internally or used topically it can help keep
you safe from deadly pathogens supernatural silver has over 500 different uses and a long-term
shelf life making it the number one choice of preppers across the country to find out
how this amazing new technology can help you be prepared go to supernatural silver.com
use the promo code prepared for 20 off your entire order and like us on facebook coast
to coast direct from austin you're listening to the alex jones broadcasting network network
big brother mainstream media government cover-ups you want answers so does shooter jennings
so does he he's alex jones i'm gonna do five more minutes overdrive and get into my whole
breakdown of a bunch of news and the retransmission i'm getting so good at interrupting interrupt
my own liners every time again great job to the crew out there they're kicking butt we
have the best radio crew slash tv we've ever had best crew on tv and i just am so thankful
for my crew and all you the supporters and listeners and the good lord above we were
just talking about synchronicity serendipity uh during the break and how not attacking
atheists but they say we're just on a rock it's all boring we don't have free will we're
on a rock in deep space what is this we were talking about i have dreams that come true
you have dreams that come true i mean let's talk about that what is this there's definitely
major stuff going on we don't see oh i big time i mean i've done all kinds of research
into religion the occult everything like that i do believe i do believe that are there elements
of play i do believe that there's god i do believe that there's or at least a force that
is beyond our comprehension in which in which everything has i just don't i do believe in
the science aspect of it and i also believe in spiritual like the importance of being
spiritual whether or not there's a god whether or not there's like a dude in the in the you
know in the clouds or whatever i think it's important for you to figure out a balance
in understanding sure well they set science up against religion and the foolish people
then argue it back and forth as a football issue yeah but i mean they're coming out with
huge math equations and spectrometers and things and they're finding there's some other
force containing and focusing things yeah and whether that be like the the scientific
theory that there's a there's like a web and a net that everyone is connected in some kind
of visible or non-visible form dark matter those ideas yeah that's it something as simple
as is just believing in in in doing good do you know what i mean it's like it all it all
kind of ties into this into a very very easy concept which is living and acting truthfully
and accordingly just a good old boy never doing no harm no harm yeah well i mean absolutely
it comes down to i have goodwill people say well what do you stand for goodwill yeah now
if somebody crosses me screws me around i can be just as vicious as the most evil guy
out there but i won't even do it an evil way i'm saying it's that i don't like doing people
wrong i just don't get people that think they're getting ahead doing this yeah and people that
are able to do that are people that have come from a situation those are the kind of people
you have to be really scared of you know people can sit there and lie to you and know that
they're doing harm to you they're all around you know what i mean and i'm just not that
way i'm just not of that nature you know i'm sure i've made mistakes and sure i've told
lies to people because i didn't want to upset them and sure when you're younger you go the
point is as you develop i mean obviously you you choose a side yeah you do you do and and
unfortunately there are a lot of people out there who who have chosen the wrong side of
that you know and that's why you have that's what everyone is fighting against and it's
unbelievable what people have done there are people that have done things to people that
people would die just even hearing what they've done you know the kind of audacity and war
crimes and things in government even even people's lives and their livelihood being
taken away over bets i mean even if you look at the Mitt Romney kb kb toys thing they would
think with that company how they shut down kb toys yeah as like a thing it was a mom
and pop organization you know all that stuff i feel again we get back to that at the small
community it's funny i was saying this between one of the breaks when i watch 90s television
i grew up in the 90s and 80s and and really like i watched shows like beavis and butthead
and seinfeld and all that i mourn for the innocence that we had as a culture back then
because things were so much better and now there's so much more heaviness after 9 11
and terrorism and the wars and that we haven't i'm sure that that generation felt the same
way about the 70s or 70s but this is the end of the innocence really yeah and now people
are getting so decadent they go let's be evil because it's cool and it's like hey you know
evil in the image of the devil cheerleader man evil is like burnout cities and poverty
yeah man i watched that movie god bless america the other day have you seen that no who it's
all over the place but there was a there's a speech in that movie it's so important he's
like we're living in a culture where it's celebrated you know uh every the nastiest
worst most violent thing is celebrated as normal in culture with youtube kids are on
youtube doing videos you know this is the culture we're in that celebrates the bad it
to the point where oh yeah it's cool to be mean to animals it's cool to say kill all
the arabs uh all the shows are about psychos that torture people it's shocking anything
that's shocking is what's funny now it's it's like the more shocking it is the funnier and
then when it really happens to you nobody cares because it's funny yeah it's desensitized
to the point of you know so it's done by design the album available for download on itunes
right now the other life shooter jennings available right now at shooter jennings.com
i'm alex jones we'll be on the news tonight seven o'clock
